Title: PLATINUM CHRISTMAS ASK ME ANYTHING WITH DR. DAVID SNYDER
File Name: -6Dq_glu7bY.txt
Video Id: -6Dq_glu7bY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6Dq_glu7bY

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e and away we go welcome everyone they're filtering in um looks like our links hold on a. Second let me turn on the camera looks like our links might have gotten might not have gotten posted till the. Last minute. So people might be filtering in a little slower than usual.

Moss told me he posted all the link silly me. I believed in. So let's go ahead and. Jump.

Right. In. First of all. I want to welcome a by proxy greeting to uh people watching us through the.

YouTube channel um they won't be able to interact with us directly. But they can kind of play the fly on the wall talks amongst themselves and and see what that's about uh might be a small one today we'll see oh wa uh. But let's start with uh by order of appearance. Mr.

Dave what's your question for today um. So. I was watching a uh. I don't know what you would call it training.

I guess by uh. Richard bandler that was posted recently yeah um and it was like a very was posted within the. Last like two months it was a pretty recent one was talking about um hold on we need everybody who's coming in to please mute uh yeah. So um.

I guess my question is he was talking about. NLP and a bunch of different things and. I'm curious like when it comes to. NLP is it kind of just like anything goes like just kind of.

MSU make stuff up and like if you can find a metaphor for something. Then you can use it to accomplish some sort of result it's an amazingly vague question. I mean like in the sense of when. I hear him talk when you teach techniques there's like a specific order to it there's a specific structure generally.

But. Then when when. I hear. Richard bandler explain different things that he's done it kind of sounds like yes.

There's reasoning why he's doing it. But it's just sort of like he just kind of makes it up and. Then it's like oh well that fits the storyline like he had a story of a guy that people came out of the. TV and were following him around and.

So he had the guy take a pencil and just erase them all and if he didn't want them to follow around he would just erase them and. Then that cre he was saying that that created neurological change in the people. So um why does that create neurological change and can you just kind of do whatever works if it fits into the kind of neurological system. I guess well the short answer to that question is can you do whatever you want the answer is can you right.

And that's that's the secret uh guys like. Richard have been doing this a long time. But they're and it seems like what he's doing is literal like. MSU magic and to some degree it is.

But there's a very specific strategy and a very specific the principles behind how he's. MSU it. So to speak. So there's a concept that really.

Richard was kind of the guy who pioneered this. Richard and and and um and grinder in that their idea was and you'll if you ever go train with. Richard you'll hear him tell lots of stories he'll talk about the. G the guy who thought he was.

Jesus and the guy who saw snakes and and all these other different stories that will terrify you and. Fascinate you and make you wonder if he's full of all at the same time right. Right. But one of the big principles that.

Richard. Came. Upon was this idea of of stepping into a person's model of the world. So if someone believes that martians or.

Smurfs or kebler elves are coming out of their television most psychotherapists most psychologists most therapists would try to convince that person that what they were doing was completely wrong that their experience wasn't real that it had no. Rational basis in fact they would spent all their time trying to convince this person of the unreality of their delusion okay. Richard said well wait a minute what if. I just made their delusion real what if.

I just step into their model of the world and deal with them from inside of that model and lead them to a transition point. So uh if you got someone coming out of your television or people coming out of your television what the mind can conceive of and believe of it can it can create right. The idea is name it describe it bring it to life. So in those cases what.

Richard did was he said okay. This is how they see the world how can. I make that more real how can. I create a shared real how can.

I to use a very modern metaphor how can. I log into their video game and and change the vid and change it from in within and. So what you're seeing many times is the ability it's called the the the attribute we seek to develop in. NLP and and good hypnotists as well by the way there's no.

Saying there's no. Such thing as resistant clients only inflexible hypnotists right. Behavioral flexibility is one of the biggest secrets to being good at pretty much any form of altered state work and guiding people through it. But what we do is we look.

At their model of the world we step into it and we say okay. This is where. I'm at this is where. I want to go what changes do we need to make inside this world that let that gets us as close to that end result as possible the other thing that.

Richard um realized at some point in his work was that a lot of people's delusions aren't harmful a lot of people's delusions and internal metaphors work for them for example um. Richard told a story once about a gentleman that he he he he. I don't know if it was in. Europe.

I don't know if it was in a park here in the. States. But he came across this gentleman painting these beautiful landscape and and and uh architectural portraits like he would paint these super realistic highdefinition pictures and he would do it freehand and. Richard was big at that time.

Richard was big on modeling he wanted to he wanted to know how do people who are really really good at something how do they do that and can. I create a model that. I can transfer to other people. So they can learn to do approximate the same level of result faster.

So he had this mindset about how do. I create a model for how this person does it and. So he asked a bunch of questions to elicit that person's model of the world and one of the things that the guy said was yeah when you're when you're drawing the picture you have to keep the string just taught enough. So that there's no.

Slack and. Richard's listening and taking us what goes yeah when you suspend the hand over the building you have to keep the string on the hand just tight enough. So that as you trace the building right. It it it makes the it makes the right.

Movement and. Richard came up you mean you actually have a hand over the building holding a string and a pencil and and and it draws the picture and your hand follows that and yeah and. So what you'll discover is that many times what people do in their heads to create these amazing results makes no. Rational logical sense.

But it operates the nervous system in a certain way that produces an amazing result there are many many people who are considered savants or even if they're a bit on the autistic. Spectrum who actually smell and taste colors who who hear numbers like when they when they experience numbers they have a kinesthetic sensation of numbers and they could do massive calculations in the blink of an eye right. But their their internal experiences are radically different from us. So the idea is is when somebody is creating a result it's either useful or it isn't it's not good it's not you're not delusional or or not delusional it's you're you're either getting a result that's useful or.

It. Isn't. So. Richard's whole idea is to step into their world and it's not just.

Richard's idea it started with. Richard. I think. Richard and grinder.

But any good any really good um influenced person especially from a from the. NLP world is going to be able to step out of themsel and go into that world and work with the building blocks of that person's reality to lead them out of it that's how. Richard managed to cure a guy of schizophrenia he didn't try to convince the person that the voices and the things were real were not real he went and he said okay. Assume they are how do we fix it right.

And he worked within that person's own system and this goes back to a concept. I've taught all of you for years now what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts the human nervous system never resists itself and that's the metaphorically speaking that's the difference between a cloned organ and a transplanted one both can work one has a hell of a lot more complications though a lot more chance of re rejection and resistance down the line and. So anytime and that's that's our whole approach in. Planet.

David is this idea of what is the nervous system doing to cre doesn't this sound doesn't it sound now sound familiar what is the nervous system doing to create that problem because it's the problems are not what happened to you the problems are the way you recorded the things that are happened to you what you've been doing inside your head and your nervous system for the. Last um years that's been you up it's not the car that. T-boned you that messed you up it's the way you recorded the car t-boning you and the way you've been t-boning yourself nope pun intended ever since right. And there's a way that your system does that and if we can elicit how your system does it and we can open we can get the username and password to the level that controls that that we can work within it and change it to whatever we want right.

And that's what we've been doing in. Planet. David for. However long it is we've been doing it right.

It's it's definitely become much more refined over the years right. But when you when you see. Richard. Richard's working with a very very high level set of principles that look.

Different every time he applies it because the variables are different. But it's the same formula right. So uh hopefully that answers your question uh. Next on our list is.

Laura and what have. I mentioned that. I was. T-Bone to by a car or did you just uh.

I you never mentioned it once actually okay. My psych my psychic skills kicking in. I don't know if. I had mentioned that in the past at some point.

But uh all right. Thanks laori you're up. I had something. But now.

I can't remember what it was. So if. I think of it. I'll.

Circle back. Later worries. Mr. Bob.

Paddock talk to me. First a comment on the link you have to leave the group the. Facebook. Group and go back into the group to get the new link otherwise you get the old link that that's why there's people not showing okay.

No. Worries. I moss told me he had posted everything and apparently that simply wasn't the case. But either that or he did what he always does which is post things through my.

Google. Calendar which never shows up in my zoom account which means. I think there's no. Link created.

So. I create a brand new link and. Then people go to one room while. I'm in the other we'll figure it out uh let's see here.

I'm just trying to get everybody also the. P when the one he posted on. Facebook. In the.

Facebook. Group has. PWD equals and a bunch of gobleg after it the one you posted to. YouTube does not the.

YouTube link seems the the one the community post on. YouTube seems to work where the. Facebook. One is not working the one that.

I put in or the one that the one that you put in. Facebook. The one that you put in. YouTube works the one.

Moss put in does not and the difference is one has. PWD equals and there's a whole bunch of goblook. At the end of that link anytime you see that it's not going to work for a particular subset of the population okay. Thank you for that.

I did post. I posted the. I. I.

I reposted the one the exact link. I didn't use. YouTube and pinned it. So maybe that's what.

Bob's talking about if you log out and log back in you'll get the new link yeah that's how. I got in okay. Yeah. I apologize for that sometimes things happen at the.

Last minute. I'm just trying to get everybody's name on my list everybody wave hi to our. YouTubers out there in. YouTube land um let me see here.

I think. I've got. I got. I'm missing one person no.

Particip list uh uh am. I missing do. I have two. Daves oh no.

There's. Lawrence all right. Okay. All right.

Um. Bob did you have a question or do you just was that just your helpful tidbit for today no. I actually had a question years ago. I injured my shoulder and it healed up took.

A long time to heal up. MH and it was fine for several years. But. I just recently had cataract surgery and while.

I was under anesthesia they they did something to reactivate that injury any suggestions on. Magic to heal that shoulder injury um years ago. I injured my shoulder and it healed up took. A long time to heal up and it was fine for several years.

But. I just recently had cataract surgery and while. I was under anesthesia name where's that coming from hold on a. Second that injury the only thing.

I can think of is that somebody's either got their. YouTube um years ago. I injured my shoulder and it healed took. A long time to heal up and it was fine for several years.

But. I just recently had cataract surgery and while. I was under anesthesia they where's that coming from hold on a. Second.

I think dead injury the only thing. I can think of is that somebody's either got their. YouTube um years ago. I injured my shoulder and it heal took.

A long time to heal up and it was fine for several years. But. I just recently had cataract surgery and while. I was under anesthesia name where's that coming from hold on a.

Second injury the only thing. I can think of is that somebody's either got their. YouTube um years ago. I injured my shoulder and what the hell.

I think. I got it we'll fight out in a minute. I think somehow some way the. I have the.

YouTube chat stream um it said it was it said it was muted. But. I clicked it on clicked it back off and it stop. So.

I guess we'll find out. Anyway um. So. Bob with regard to your shoulder if something got activated it's probably emotional.

So. I would start with the magic frame spin it and. Then color breathe it and see what happens and if you want work with somebody who uh like. Moss or.

Heather or. Maria or uh let's see who else we got in the room that's qualified or marleene uh any of those guys are they've been through they've been from identity by. Design through regression. So they should be able to help you with that yeah what whatever happened to reactivate it happened while.

I was under anesthesia well that's what's weird is it maybe it it could be that they moved you a certain way it could be that the state itself triggered something emotional it could be some weird side effect of the anesthetic or on the outset it could be that somebody said something during the surgery that your unconscious mind processed in a very specific way and we just need to go in and clean it up okay. And one one related question for color breathing and spinning and. So on and you know throw in there the the gray room for all four or is there an. Optimum order for those four things we always start with magic frame.

First because if there's any safety lessons connected to the issue you're going to have to. Magic. Frame it at some point. Anyway.

So you might as well just get that done. First after that it's really it's really dealer's. Choice whatever feels right. For you my standard approach is to.

Magic. Frame it spin it and. Then use color breathing for clean up and if. I need to very rarely.

I'll. I'll do the meditating part we step out clean the energy body the spirit body and. Then step back in um. But generally.

I my my my preferred way to do it and there's no. Step my what's going on somebody have the guys you guys all need to be muted because some of your stuff's coming through and it's it's it's messing with our audio okay. I'm not trying to be a jerk um. Anyway um.

So that's how. I do it. I go with framing spinning and. Then breathing.

But you could go from framing to breathing to spinning back to framing in any in any chain you want any multiple times you want and. I just cycle through them until. I've gotten complete resolution on the issue it's not the fastest way to do it although it can be sometimes uh. But it it is the simplest most wash rinsed repeat approach for your situation you have you tend to be very cerebral um and.

So my my intuition is that well. I'm pretty sure you can do these things to yourself by yourself. I think you would get deeper results faster if you had somebody else guiding you through it yes. Thank you okay.

Let's go to hold on a. Second let me check make sure my. YouTubers are still with me okay. Some of the people in the in the in the the chat are asking me to walk you through it and fix your.

So they can they can hijack your trance all right. Hold on a. Second let me see what. I got here um.

Maria. Maria. G talk to me. So this has been coming up a lot in some of my tarot cards and.

So. I got a. I got one. I don't know what to do with it.

Pera yeah peras are used for energetic s surgeries and uh expelling entities they're spiritual weapons designed to pin. Spirits into place or sever their connections to the body um think of it like a very. Marshall magic wand or lightsaber okay. How do.

I use it well you probably need a little bit of training for that s. I might know a guy who's getting certified in as a. Buddhist llama who might know a little bit about per work um in the meantime if you get sefue. Johnson's books uh secrets of the of the.

Buddhist. Mystic okay. Um most of the perple work is in volume two of the two volume set. But.

I wouldn't recommend you jump to it. I would recommend you get the foundation training and body of light and all that other good stuff um before you you start working with her and stuff like that okay. I'll let somebody else go thank you it's interesting that uh we're coming up we're actually going through a lot of that stuff in our. Buddhism training right.

Now and it's interesting that you're getting the inspiration to do that stuff we might have to offer a. Buddhist mysticism. Pro program in the near future. But.

I go to wait till. I graduate from the. P from the program uh in. March.

I think is when the. Last day is. But. Anyway we'll we'll look.

For that in a couple of years a um in the meantime uh let's go to. Susan. Miss. Miller yes.

Um okay. Um. I have a pet skunk on my that lives under my front walkway oh that's not the kind of talk you wanted. Anyway.

But. I did manifest the skunk. So be impressed um not everybody thinks it's a good thing. But.

I like s. Anyway if you are going to change your response to a particular circumstance like if you wanted to install a different strategy like. NLP strategies how do what is the process you generally would use. First you have to decide what you want instead make sure it's a good it's a good achievable outcome.

Then you have to elicit the present state in other words how what what what set of sub modalities and and. V processes do you want to create that problem what are the sub modality changes as well as the. V sequences you're you're running for the solution and. Then you have to switch them you have to install them the changes.

So you find something for instance that you respond the way you want to respond to more and. Then go okay. What's the veog for that yeah and. Then um if you've ever watched uh if you've ever watched us do the submodality belief changes here's here's the here's how a hypnotist would do it think of something that you want to change uhu point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right.

Uh you know let me just pin myself to the screen. So people can see me instead of um watching the back and forth okay. Hold on a. Second speaker no.

Let's go with. Gallery mode okay. So can everybody see me or are you seeing everybody see you okay. So the.

First thing you're going to do and anybody who wants to do this at home you can do this. But it's really simple right. If we were going to do this the. NLP way it would take 35 minutes to explain it to you and do it.

But it's really simple there's five categories of information that you have to audit your internal pictures for visual auditory kinesthetic go. Factory gustatory that's it okay. So the. First thing you do is you point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it this is the planet.

David version you bring up the picture of the thing you want to change inventory all the visual aspects of it is it moving or black and white is it color is it color or black and white is it moving or still is it fuzzy or is it distinct is it two-dimensional three-dimensional right. Are you seeing it through your own eyes. Or are you seeing yourself in the picture those are all visual distinctions and what you want to do is you want to categor catalog all the visual distinctions of that picture right. And you put that off to the side say okay.

What are all the auditory characteristics of this representation what am. I hearing are there sounds at all are the sounds loud are they quiet do they come and go are they tonalities are they uh rhythmic right. What are all the different auditory attributes of that experience and you want to catalog those you do the same thing for the smelling and the tasting and the feeling aspects of that experience you inventory each and every one of them. So you know exactly how you built that.

Then you break. State you think about something random and neutral and. Then you think about or you access the state you want instead and what do you do with that you catalog the visuals you catalog the auditories you catalog the old factory the gustatory and the kinesthetics in other words see hear smell taste feel and you catalog all the different distinctions for that. Then you bring them up side by side and you compare them and you make the problem match the solution in other words the visual is here one way the visual is here another way.

I'm going to turn the visuals of this into the visuals of that right. I'm going to use the same thing for the auditories the same thing for the old the gustor yada yada yada right. Now this is a this is a very simple way there are more complicated ways to do this and if there's a lot of other stuff you might have to add extra steps. But the basic idea is let's say you have a fear you want to turn it into power.

So these are this is how. I do the fearful. State this is how. I do the brave.

State visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory gustatory visual auditory kinesthetic. Factory gustatory. I make the visuals of this match the visuals of that that.

I make the auditories of this match the auditories of that. I make the old factories of this match the old factories of that. I make the the the gustor match this until everything is characterologically or attribution the same not the content. But the way.

I've uh represented that content. Then. I shrink this picture down and. I physically move it into the space where the where the positive resource is and.

Then. I make it big and you'll feel it you'll feel it engage right. That's that's the quick and dirty just bring the two pictures up compare them make the attributes of one match the attributes of the other shrink the problem picture down move it into the into the different filing cabinet make it big right. Okay.

That's kind of what. I thought well that's one way to there's that one interesting thing about. NLP is kind of like algebra there's five or six ways to do anything right. But one of the things we see more often is you can do strategy work which is visual auditory kinesthetic.

Factory sequencing um that takes too long as far as. I'm concerned right. Um we can just if we can do it with sub modalities we'll do it with sub modalities that okay. Because.

I. I was looking at the totes thing there was a conversation and. Then it got me thinking. I have a hard time getting to bed when.

I want to get to bed and. But. I'm like okay. If.

I do this as a strategy like in a sequence. I you could do that you could you could create what you'd have to do is and here's here's one of the distinctions that. I make that um a lot of times in classic. NLP they don't make it and it's one of those things that theoretically shouldn't matter.

But does is is the resource you're tapping into a remembered resource or is it an iMed resource remembered resources have more neurological energy and amplitude than imagined ones generally speaking and they have and remembered resources have the added benefit of rehearsal practice and your brain has accepted it as true on every level whereas with imagined resources you have to do a lot you have to finagle the modalities and get a lot more repetitions in um to get the same level of of charge to to the thing. So what you would want to do is you would want to look. At you would want to elicit your strategy for staying awake like when. I'm.

G to keep my if. I were gonna that's you know the way they say it in. NLP is if. I were going to go on vacation and.

I needed you to fill in for me and part of my my job was to have insomnia right. How would you teach me to have insomnia. So. I could.

I could replace you while you're gone right. And you'd have to really think about okay. First. I do this.

Then. I do this. Then this happens. Then.

I do this and. Then this happens and you'd have to elicit that sequence and. Then you'd have to look. At okay.

When. I fall asleep quick and. I have a good night's sleep how does that happen for me and do the exact same thing and go back to a time when. I was getting to bed at night and try to recre and.

Then do your best to recreate that strategy on demand to go to sleep it's a little bit more complicated even though the actual idea is the same as when we're doing sub modalities this picture look. Like that picture there's a lot more moving parts to a strategy okay. Yeah. I think be worth trying.

First the sub modality change work goes. I don't like strategies if. I'm going to do behavioral modeling or something like that now. I'm going to use strategies because now.

I need to get. I need. I don't need an experience. So much as.

I need a behavior or a set of skills right. Okay. So hopefully that helps. I'll let you know in a couple of weeks all right.

We reconvene in the new year yeah uh this is and by the way whether you're doing sub modalities or whether you're doing strategy elicitation if you use and this is something they don't teach you in classic. NLP if you apply the six dynamics of the unconscious response and you apply body centered energetic. Psychotherapy principles to the. NLP work it gets exponentially faster and more powerful yeah.

I got a couple things. I need to frame as someone has just pointed out to me who might be on this call um they love you and one of them may have been not being able to go to bed fast enough when. I was a kid. So okay.

Um yeah. So there'll be some of that. But. Then we can do some bog some okay.

Let me just we had a bunch of people jump in at the. Last minute. So. I'm trying to get them on the list.

So. I don't miss them could. I think. I got.

I got 16 on my list and 19 in the chat. So somebody got missed. James. I think that's oh and.

I. I got. Ivy uh. I.

I think. I have two renees do. I have two renees no. I have one all right.

Well if. I don't call your name you'll know who you are uh. JJ. J.

G talk to me hey uh. I've got two questions on the energy body okay. Quick questions one one time. I was doing the microcosmic orbit the idea came to why don't.

I do it the microcosmic orbit to the uh energy body instead of my physical body. So if we do. Kong. Chong's like energy work on our energy body what happens.

Then well what happens is. First of all you you can't do chiong without involving your energy body the difference is is where is your. Consciousness where is your where's your point of awareness and focus. So one of the things that that we talk about a lot um is a is a a little.

Technique we call the magnet and the ball bearing right. Where. I'm have this magnet floating outside of me and the. B the ball bearing is inside and.

I use the magnet floating outside of me to pull the ball bearing around when you shift your mind and your imagination to the magnet outside of you you're connecting your physical body your energy body and your your spirit body and. So as you move from the spirit everything else follows that ball bear like that like the the ball bearing following the magnet. So when we step out of oursel and we step out of our. St and we step out of oursel we're moving our point of a focus and conscious awareness into the subtler.

Realms of our of our being and we're going meta to the experience which gives us power the the power position over it when we go meta to things and we we create changes at this metal level and. Then reintegrate the bodies it affects all of the different. Energy. Systems all the way into the physical body.

So you get a fuller uh greater degree of transformation than if you're just working in the physical body level does that answer your question yeah. So we can actually do that instead of doing it just to the energy body go outside of the energy. But go outside the spirit body and. Then do it there yes.

You can expand your awareness indefinitely um the model that we use when we're dealing on a holonomic level is this idea of a four four level energy body you have the soul you have the spirit body you have the energy body and. Then you have the physical body that's the model we use other systems have like 27 layers to the energy body right. And they can palpate and and and pull information from each of those different layers remember this when it comes to the mind if you can conceive of it name it and describe it you can create it. So when.

I'm out here in the. Shen level which is the the. Mind energy and spirit and emotions right. The moment.

I conceive of something it it's there it it's instantly created right. So if. I believe that there's four levels to my spirit body all of a sudden. I'll find four levels because the the creation happens instantaneously.

So you can get infinitely and infinitely more complicated and intricate with your metaphors and your visualizations because the spirit has that quality of being able to create uh and. So you have to be careful right. Because. I like to keep things simple like if you go to like.

Barbara. Brennan's energy healing school she has like 12 different layers. I think. I don't even remember the.

Last time. I read the book. There like 12 different layers to the energy body right. And they work why because that's the model they use right.

We try to keep things as simple as humanly possible because. I think people have more important things to do than learn 27 layers of an energy body when one will do yeah right. And. So that's kind of how we we approach things we try to keep it very very simple does that answer your question yes.

And the. Second question is is our mind in our physical body or is it in our energy body yes. Always yes. Everything is mind the mind is gravity over meditate on that and you will have an infinite number of.

Revelations the mind is gravity okay. Um jod. Caribbean. Beauty talk to me what you got hello everyone hi sorry my camera or whatever is given problems.

But um. I'm pretty simple sorry. I heard that about you don't believe the propaganda is all all right. Um my question would be more aligned uh with the aspect of letting go after you've asked um good simple steps that or state of being that you can invoke to once you ask the.

Letting. Go part because. I do believe that that part is what kind of holds a lot of things away from coming in because keep going back yeah. I'll give you the simplest way to do it it's almost it's almost cheap um immediately distracting yourself right.

Like do your manifestation and. Then go play a card game or get in an argument with somebody or you know anything that that gets you completely focused on something else even for a moment will give you the space of time you need to let it go. So that has a chance of manifesting now the longer you can maintain that that uh lack of attachment um the better off you tend to be all all right. And even like okay.

So. I do the manifestation. I. Let.

It. Go um and. I go do something else to distract myself is it that every time it my pop up again. I just find something to distract myself in that moment you could right.

Until you develop until you develop the serenity or you start making submodality. Transformations uh hold on a. Second. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna mute everyone again because some people are not muted and. Then. I want you to unmute again. Jody all right.

Unmute again. Joe. Jody unmute thyself trying. I'm trying that's what she said.

Anyway all right. So the other thing as you can do is and again this gets a little bit more. NLP is okay. But you know what not you know.

I'm not even going to go there you know how some again this goes this is where we go back to utilizing the trans derivational search process as well as energy centered psycho body centered energy. Psychotherapy a sematic search engine specifically. So there have been times in your life when you wanted to manifest something you did the process and you successfully. Let.

It. Go and it manifested true true and there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that processor stored true not true true where do you feel it point to it right. First impression now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling and that process a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is very good now take the thing you want to manifest shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it into that spot make it big and forget about and think about what you had for breakfast yesterday what just happened we all know what happened we all know what happened yes.

It work how about that how about that all right. Is it really that that stupid little diagram that. I showed you at identity by. Design or uh.

I think. I showed it in. LP the proceptive grid that stupid little diagram has all the answers that's. So stupid after all not.

So stupid after all all right. Well. I know what. I'll be doing when this is over and tomorrow all right.

Very good uh let's see here yeah um. Kim you're up hi. David hey um. I'm just here to learn.

I don't really have any questions today yet just here for the beer huh all right. All right. Nigel. Mr skitso that's me.

I hear voices um. So. I don't have a lot. But.

I. I do have a couple questions okay. What do you find to be the best or most effective way to elicit or profile someone's emotional. Achilles heel someone's emotional.

Achilles heel in what context just in general um. I was going through the uh rapid attraction stuff and it occurred to me to just get good at that. I. I've also been going through.

Chase is profiling of course all right. So. I'm going to give you one. Politically.

Incorrect version all right. And. Then. I'm going to refer you back to.

Chase's map of social needs and decision. Maps. Okay. And.

Then underneath all that is criteria values emotional bonding. So there's a hierarchy to these things that's what. I'm asking remember that people's. Achilles heel will always be the thing that they perceive they have the least of right.

So if you're someone who's extremely creative very dopaminergic people might not take you seriously. So anything that allows them to be thought of as being taken seriously or being heard seen understood will probably get their attention. Okay. People who are very attractive are often don't think of thems as they think of thems as being taken as getting by on their looks and they want to be seen as intelligent right.

And. So that will often be their. Achilles here right. With a side order of not being taken seriously because a lot of people think people who are attractive and are getting by and their looks aren't are just not worth time right.

But most of the time. Attractive people want to be seen as intelligent intelligy people want to be seen as attractive creative people want to be taken seriously from an attraction dating romance perspective that's what. I see most often if you're going to. Target flattery things of that nature that's the simplest quickest dirtiest easiest way to do it if you have a little bit more profiling chops okay.

Then you can look. At uh you can look. At the the six needs right. Acceptance approval intelligence what.

I've been looking at. So and. Then what you want to do is you want to set up a panda process positive. Association negative dissociation algorithm you want to set up a positive identity for them to move forward towards and a negative identity for them to move away from and.

I've gotten really good at. Panda that one's fun yeah um and. Then any suggestions on practicing confusion um make a list of confusion statements that come easy for you and overuse them okay. I can do that thank you and ve the vein the main vein is here yo.

So let's see ask me any question um. I. I want to. I want my question is how and well let me just say it and.

Then we'll. I guess we'll unravel it in the questions. First of all. I understand that in order to do these practices efficiently we have to cultivate the body and the mind in such a way to where when we start to emanate these.

Powers it it it it goes across where in order to do that we need a foundation. So how important. I want to this may be my conversation every time because. I want everyone that is here and everyone that will come on to always understand how important it is to get a foundation into these practices many times what.

I have noticed in our field is that people want to jump into the woo woo they want to jump into the the. Deep right. But it could actually it can actually make your nervous system short circuit because it isn't cultivated yet. So why is it important to have a foundation that would be my question uh because without a root you're gonna get blown away uh it's very very simple um you're dealing with forces that can only manifest to the degree that they have something to hold on to.

So one of the problems that we have is that you never hear the expression everybody wants to go to heaven. But nobody wants to die right. And and that's kind of what's happening is is we we don't want to pay the price of becoming powerful and. So when you try to bring in forces that you can't ground and you can't hold on to those forces will play.

Havoc with your system that's why we like to say a lot of people who don't have this understanding of purification and. Ascension and. Enlightenment they don't have these three phases to their training uh they often become. So.

Heavenly minded they're no. Earthly good why because all their their upper centers are are super open. But they're basically they're they're not the eye of the storm they're lost in the storm and. So there's this chaos that goes on um and to the and and the other thing is that a lot of people who come in they have these intuitive and spiritual gifts.

But they don't have control over them the idea behind behind the cultivation process is to activate your. Birthright. And these spiritual gifts through a controlled series of of alchemical processes and a lot of people don't want to do that they don't they don't want to stand in line they don't want to do the work that gives them full control they just want to have the power and that's the power is the. Last thing that.

I teach uh except when. I'm teaching application because if you have an application. Then you'll develop enough power to do that application. But it won't it won't damage you.

So when we talk about foundations you need to understand why you do what you do you have to have practices that allow you to safely do it and you have to have benchmarks that allow you to measure where you're going and one of my biggest pet peeves about the. Asian systems is that a lot of times they'll give you a practice and. Then they say now go practice come back when you come back and and tell me when something happens and you'll come back and they'll ask you what's going on and they're waiting for you to say a certain thing when you say a certain thing they'll know you've had a certain manifestation which means you've been doing the work which means you're ready for the. Next level right.

And they won't teach you the. Next thing until you've gotten that manifestation. Then other people go to the full the other way completely they say do this until this starts to happen and. Then do this and.

So what happens is suggestion takes over the person thinks they're having the manifestation when they're not and they're they're they're they're jumping the the order of practice right. Systems are designed to to move to slow people down for their safety and unfortunately in some of these cultures there's a a a saying called keeping the rice bowl filled which is if it takes three years to get from point. A to point. B or.

Point. Z they'll take they'll teach it to you over 30 years right. Why because the longer you're coming to classes the more you're paying the rent. So there's all kinds of there's all kinds of buyer beware caveat empor kind of pro processes out there at the end of the day.

I. I take a a word from. Buddha's. Playbook.

Trust nothing without testing it don't trust something because you read it in a book. Don't trust something because somebody told you don't trust the system just because it's old test everything to see if it works for you if it works keep it and use it if it doesn't move on um. But there's a lot of people who will go and they want to learn how to do something they'll buy a book. They'll read we had this discussion the other day when we were talking about.

Tibetan. Book. Of the. Dead and we were talking about how you were you were talking about how there are certain practices for dealing with spirits and.

I said yes. But that book. Is for shamans and if you don't have shamanistic training you shouldn't be playing with. Spirits right.

Um and that's the idea yeah and. Then. I remembered oh my. God.

I am a shaman and. I and. I thank you for that because that was a correction that that you know that's a correction we cannot um ex these are not experiments yeah the spirit the spirit the spirit world once you get their attention it's kind of hard to not get their attention anymore right. And.

So you have to be really careful um with what you're doing. But a lot of people just think of it as entertainment or escapism right. They're they're running toward. Spirit to try to become powerful.

But when they see what the price of power actually is they start looking for an easier way right. Because nothing is free even the manifestation stuff where we you know one of the biggest problems we have with people who are into law of attraction and manifestation and things like that is they tend a lot of them not all of them not all of them. But a lot of them are coming at this as a get something for nothing approach and it doesn't work that way it really doesn't it becomes you get a bigger and bigger return on your investment the more you do the work. But if you're just relying on you know put this this money plant in this corner of your house and wait for the millions to roll in that's not how it works right.

It it you got to earn it right. And what's the difference between somebody like me or you who are trained in these things putting a money a money object in a corner and something manifesting versus somebody else doing it and not manifesting it's the work we've put in it's the cultivation and the connections and the. Rapport that we've made that allows us to access these and and. I'm not special you're not special we've just done the work every single person on this call every single person watching this through.

YouTube has the birth it's their. Birthright. To be able to manifest and and walk their golden path the question becomes are they willing to do what it takes to be that person right. And we live in a culture that is indoctrinating us that there's always a faster better way right.

And that we're never enough and. So we're always looking outside of ourselves for lot of these answers and most of the work that we need to become what we're truly capable of becoming is inside of us. So we need teachers who can show us how to look. Inside and deal with what we find that's that never goes away.

But once we've made that transition we have access to. So much information and. So much guidance and. So much wisdom um it's almost like the universe becomes your the entire universe becomes your teacher everywhere you look.

You see the principles of manifestation and creation and transformation in action and it's really amazing you know it's like you know. I never asked this question. But. I'm gonna ask it just to the groom uh.

I'm gonna go to. I'm gonna go to um. Gallery mode really quick. I call it.

Brady. Bunch mode how many people here came into. Planet. David um as to learn how to persuade and.

Influence. People better and. Then stayed for something else okay. Here's my question compared to where you were when you were learning the influence techniques how much of it do you actually have to use now almost none of it.

I'm guessing how does that work how do you. Comm in knowing nothing you learn all these techniques you start applying the techniques and. Then a year two years. L you barely use any of them because you don't need them because you've evolved your nervous system has learned how to interface with.

Quantum reality at a whole new level because of the drills because of the exercises you send an intention out to the universe and all of a sudden the whole universe starts shifting before you even realize it and. Then when you speak the words the circuit gets closed and the manifestation happens. But you didn't start there or did you you just weren't aware of it. So one of the interesting things and this is why.

I bring this up is because if. I use more than the echo technique at any given moment. I'm doing a lot right. It's it's just it's one of those things as your nervous system evolves you don't need the physical techniques of persuasion as much because your magic has expanded see the less evolved you are the more techniques you need right.

And that's where we start to evolve into what is commonly referred to as empty-handed magic where you don't need. Pera you don't need a magic wand you just wave your hand or you send a thought and all of a sudden reality shifts and things happen you use the tools until you surpass the tools and you don't need you become the tool right. Seeu. Johnson who.

I learned how to change alcohol if you sound from told me that he he was working with a master in. China who was a master of talisman's. Foo work and he was teaching sefue. Johnson um about talismans and see says well how often do you use this.

So. I don't use those go what do you mean. I've been using doing long. I am the.

Talisman right. Because when you're creating a. Talisman you're connecting to. Source you're pulling down a specific energetic thought form and and intelligence and you're passing it through your system well in order for that energy to pass through you you have to have rapport with it to be have.

Report with it you have to match it which means you have to become it. So each time you pass that through you you become more like the thing you're channeling until. Finally there's very little difference between you and it it's. NLP report taken to a transpersonal level only they call it de magic right.

Or or. Foo magic or whatever you want it's the same thing it's all the same right. And that's where this whole idea of doing by not doing comes from where all of a sudden we're doing less and less and less and getting more and more and more meditate on it think about it do what you will with it right. Um any.

I never asked the question. But. I suspected it was true that the longer you guys are doing this stuff the less of it you need right. Um.

So hopefully that that helps people uh let's see here. V did. I answer your question you absolutely did you answer my question thank you you had you asked another question in the chat about a quote yes. Uh the quote.

I've been quoting it all. I mean since. I left uh that the the mind is gravity. M and positive thoughts make you float negative thoughts make you sink by who because.

I want to say it with. Integrity. I heard it. I'll give you the exact lineage.

I got it from. I heard it from one of my students named. Bernie dri who learned it from a guy named. Max.

Christensen. Max. Christenson who is the creator of the kunlun neong system okay. I gotta write all that down because.

Max. Max is uh. Max is a spiritual bad boy you gotta watch out he's he he builds himself as an alchemist not a priest even though he's got many priest degrees he's uh he's a treasure hunter. Max give me that again.

Max. Christensen okay. And his book. Is called kunlun neong.

I think what tradition oh he's got many snake. Clan mopai the one the one that the one that he got it from the one he said it from. I don't know what where he got that saying from. But he's also.

Buddhist. Lama in theaba. Tradition okay. Okay.

Good good thank you uh and. Lawrence you're up no. Questions just here to learn all right. Uh hold on a.

Second. Marlene uh. I think you had a question you posted in the chat are you still here let me see uh do you have suggestions which one of your courses. I benefit the most from what unfortunately you're not here.

Marlene. So um. I don't know what you want to be able to do you know people ask me about what course they should take all the time and. I always answer their question with a question that depends on what you want to accomplish right.

All of our courses are very application specific. So the more we know about what you want to do the better recommendation we can make for you. So uh. I don't know if.

Marlene's still out there. But if she can post uh a little bit more targeted question. I can give her a more targeted answer lady. Holly of.

Bigalow talk to me okay. Um see if. I can find a way to phrase this uh. So.

I've been diagnosed with inattentive. ADD huh inattentive add uh yeah it's a form of. ADHD basically okay. Um and.

I've been trying to clear it trying to clear it trying um and basically the answer. I keep getting is the problem is at least what the universe is trying to teach me is that it's. I should stop trying to change myself to meet other people's expectations and start having healthier boundaries with other people and. Anyway.

So my question is there's a certain number of people who seem to think that certain things. I can't do are choices and they get really mad at me when. I don't do them they take it personally they call me evil they call me lazy they. I mean everything under the sun and.

So my question is how can. I quickly and. I'm guessing it's probably criterian values or. But if there's like a facial thing.

I can read whatever how can. I quickly identify the people who are going to be the most judgmental and. Then. Second if once.

I identify those people for some reason they come at me they target me with a. Vengeance how can. I protect myself from those people when identify who they are if that makesense the people that. Target you are most likely going to be very metallic and very wood.

First of all okay. Um. Second of all you want to look. For patterns of behavior watch how they talk about others.

So how do. I bring those conversations up quickly how do you bring those conversations up quickly they'll usually volunteer it. But you can always talk about you could always start with elicitation where you tell the story about somebody and you see what they do with it. So.

I would. I would use. Chase his elicitation protocols okay. I'm gonna have to think about that.

I. I want to do it in a way that they don't figure out who. I am from the story if that makes sense. I'm struggling with that part figure out who you are from the story well.

I. I don't want. I mean like how do. I put this in words um the only way.

I can think to elicit it is to tell them stories about people who are like me maybe and. I mean do. I pretend. I'm judgmental about them when.

I'm telling the story do. I ask like. I don't want them to know that. I'm not judgmental that behavior because that alone is enough for them to start targeting me three magic questions do a variation of three magic questions in which you and.

Andrew just popped that in there and and in this case what you want to do is you want to talk about you want to ask them about things that you they find annoying or they they you know they don't approve of and you would start by talking about things you don't approve of and see what they say and how they say it because the way they say that those things about other people is the way they're going to say things about you is there a way to tell them that to without sharing what. I don't approve of because that's what. I'm afraid they're going to get mad about is what. I don't approve of as well you would have to find analogs or things that are very similar and.

Then extrapolate from there okay. All right. Thanks you're sounding it's you're sounding a lot more like a social engineer than anything else there halls. I don't know any other way to approach this.

But if you have another way. I'm open to it well again. I don't. I don't.

I don't know your lifestyle and. I don't know what you're dealing with. So and. I don't know the people right.

I could tell if. I could observe the people. I could tell you more. But.

I'm. I only have your side of the story and your you know your data. So. I give you what.

I can there there thanks um. Ivy talk to me one. Second. I got a lot of notes want to kind of uh spit fire and see what they'll have in common say that again uh kind comment what.

I your audio is kind of messed up all. I heard was having comment. I didn't catch anything else. I'm stepping outside okay.

All right. One. Second she stepping outside let's go ahead and go to. Tom.

Mr hey. David how you doing uh. I actually don't have any particular questions just kind of uh hanging out all right. Let's go back to.

Ivy you back with us. Ivy yes. Thank you it's cold up. So one of them is uh feeling like.

I'm talking to someone who can't think of any other way of thinking at all and just shuts me down fully is really really exhausting. But. I can't help. But bring it up because it bothers me.

So much and that's been something. I've been recently doing to the point where. I lost my voice because. I had to live up to their expectations um and how they wanted me to um parent and that that's just.

I'm just going to go. Spitfire real quick um finding your partner annoying and pushing them away a lot even though at the end of the day they are the only person there for me affection doesn't make me feel at'll work even though they being loving and giving. I still want to date the other person. I was with before them talking about it is the only thing that made me think it would would like talking about it is the only thing that changed my mind on it not.

REM manifesting. I wanted. Security in the meantime um. So burnt out from the demands of other people um.

So just. I guess the impression changing is a lot feeling like it's a constant waro um and. Then two things real quick my entire life is. So different from how it was starting this.

January it's completely flipped on its head and also trying not to beat myself up usually it's the selfworth thing. But. I'm wondering if there's something else in it at this point because it's not like. I'm trying to you know stand up even though this person's like you could get kicked out if you speak up these are two things um and.

Then the whole thing of being attached to the other person is is truly. G on love for the. First time even though. I was a hopeless romantic and.

Then completely just falling in love even though. I thought that was completely gone. So. So.

I don't know what any be okay. So let me ask you a question yeah what are you what do you want to change specifically um my acceptance. I guess of help at this your acceptance of how you got this way no. My acceptance of.

Hope because um that that's. I. I deserve the help. I deserve the affection um.

I don't think it's it's always rooted in the whole. I don't believe. I deserve love because of how. I was treated and abused.

But. I feel like there's more to it. I don't know all right. So let's start with that as long as you feel you don't deserve love and you're not worthy of it you're going to tolerate whatever people throw at you.

So the. First thing that has to happen is you need to work on yourself right. Uh to do that you may need it may be worth your while to reach out to um let's see here well we got we got. Bob we got.

Susan um. Julie's here um. Holly people who are our. Maria is probably a really good one to work with um.

Chris. Tom these are all people who are have been through a good chunk of our therapeutic training and may be able to guide you through some processes that allow you to discover how much how worthy you truly are uh and everything has to start there and the reason for that is because if you don't have that sense of deservingness and that internal selfworth any any resistance or any fight that you put up will cave if you meet significant amounts of push back. So we need go on even even though. I deserve that love.

I still feel like. I don't have any other options or. I feel like this is a safe route and. I feel like.

I'm not actually compatible with my partner and. I don't like them half the time my brain splits like yes. I can exact. But.

I believe that they deserve someone and that you're spiraling stop yes. That's the that's the low self-esteem and the fear of loneliness talking. I'm going to give you have you you are you familiar with a guy named. Chris.

Voss uh. I'm taking notes um no. Okay. Chris.

Voss was the lead negotiator for the. FBI hostage negotiator he wrote a book. When he when he retired called. Never split the difference and what he said in that book.

About deals is this no. Deal is better than a bad deal by law of analogy by by way of analogy no. Relationship is better than a bad relationship okay. If you're relying on somebody to complete you or to have somebody to turn to you're turning to the wrong people.

So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to heal and you have to realize your own value being completely burnt out emotionally no. Matter what. I do because.

I've already given it to. So many other people. I think. I should work on that because.

I can't even give any emotion or affection to my current partner and. I think that's the question is how do. I work with being completely emotionally just unable to even be in a relationship which is. I've never had in my life and that's what you want uh to.

I don't know. I feel like. I can give the emotion easier to the other person. But my brain's like ah about versus the person who's like giving me lovees and all that okay.

What is it you actually want. Ivy uh to feel like the other person is me like. I wrote it down. I don't feel like they would ever understand my love coming from a point from.

How. Deeply traumatized. I've always been and what. I went through versus what they did which my partner hasn't gone through anything compared to me.

But they it's impacted them. But. I feel like the other person deserves it more they're also. Rel.

I'm a little. So it sounds to me like you're in again your your audio is not the best. So. I'm having a little bit of trouble following the conversation my question for you is there's two people inv that you're either physically involved with or one is physical and the other is someone you want instead would that be accurate yeah.

So why are you staying with why are you staying with the person you don't want currently it's long distance and it's also security. But also they make sure that my needs are met and they put up with my splits and they understanding and they it feels like they won't abandon me at the end of the day where. I have been abandoned by everyone else and that's very nice and secure for the person who doesn't want uh admit that okay. So it seems to me like you're in a comfort zone where you want to change.

But you don't want to give up what you have in order to change the whole um get rid of one thing to open another door kind of thing. But. Then. I still got absolutely nothing okay.

Well here's what. I would do. I would. I would get the soulmate.

Secrets course and go through that uh life values inventory that we teach there and decide which things you want which things you don't what's more important to you and. Then start bucket listing all the things you want to change by order of of importance to least importance and. Then flip the script and start with the things that are least important and work through them using the transformational. Triad until you're clear enough that you feel and you feel strong enough to act on the things you know are right.

For you. I also feel like and this is this has been always my issue is f of the relationship that. I am in which this person meets all my needs and all my interestes. I just feel like they don't deserve me being.

So nitpicky um. I don't feel like anyone else can and that's always. I feel when. I'm in relationships.

I don't feel like anyone else can meet my needs until. I meet someone. I'm like oh my god do exist or something that happens. So it is comfort for safety.

Sees at that point usually again you have to just you have to decide when you feel strong enough and when you're worthy to make a change until you decide to change nothing else is going to. So. I gave you my my recommendations grab the soulmate. Secrets use a life values inventory use your bucket listing organize your stuff deal with it using the transformational.

Triad and if you need extra help reach out to one of us right. Either through our you know call our our office and set up a consultation you can set up working with some of the people who are here in the chat. Christine is available. Susan's available um there's a bunch of people and you can work out whatever whatever compensation or or deal you want to work with them.

But that's my recommendation for you right. Nothing's going to change until you do okay. Thank you all right. Renee you're up.

Andrew says 10 on that course the life values inventory is. So great soulmates is worth it call for that one for sure thank you were you folling me no. I'm just reading what uh in the chat. I thought you said.

Renee you're up. I did call. I did call on you you're up me okay. Um.

I had a couple questions one um. I was doing some healing work and. I found some stuff from like nine months old one years two years old and. First.

I thought it could be on the video that. I was listening to it was alphab beats in the background twice it happened and. But. Then it happened on one of your your videos too.

I was watching. I heard a baby laughing is that like me connecting with that younger version of me like they're thanking me they're happy or when. I'm healing that stuff what's your. First impression tell you that was my.

First impression. But it just seems. So weird. Then that's probably right.

That. I actually heard a little me laughing like they were happy again unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge that is that sound familiar does that match your experience it does it just seems. So weird and my other question was the.

Last thing you taught us on the. Mastermind where we were doing the um the rocking up and down with the hands puming the hands when we're doing that to bring the energy up are we when we fill up the. Earth star are we bringing the energy up through us from the earth star or or. I know you said something about taking your mind back down the.

Earth and. Then back to your. I think your lower lower. DTI area um.

So when we're pumping and imagining that energy coming up are we. Imaging imagining every time it's coming up from the the. Earth itself again or is it coming up from the earth star okay. So when you when you imagine connecting to the.

Earth you're sending your mind down into that level which is creating a conduit and. Then as you as you root your mind into that lower area you're passing through your. Earth star into the core of the earth and the spiritual core of the earth and the. C and the malut of the the different dimensions.

So your mind can go there okay. That creates the conduit the pipe if you will that the. Earth energy is going to travel up through your. Earth start into your feet into your lower down.

T and up out into your field. But when we're doing the and forth right. What's that when we're doing the pumping like you showed us at the end we're doing it from the earth up to us back and forth right. To the lower before we do the fountain part yep for like quite a few times yeah you ever seen those old mechanical pumps you ever seen those old mechanical pumps is it coming up from the.

Earth again or or. Star when we're continue the pumping the energy when it's coming back up the. Earth star is in the earth star was like below the feet. But before the actual center of the earth it's 18 it's 18 inches or more below below your feet okay.

Um. But it's your direct connection to the. Earth right. But you were saying for us to fill up that.

Earth star with gold energy. So. I guess. I'm confused it's like.

So when. I'm pumping it's my mind and the energy going all the way back to the center of the actual. Earth or is it just going down to the. Earth star and.

I would do. I would do whatever is comfortable. I've done it both ways it works okay. So there's not a real big deal in between the two no.

Just figure out which visualization and. I've. I've done different visualizations on different days and they've both worked right. And.

I. I. I follow a very intuitive approach. I do what feels right.

Because. I have enough confidence and certainty in my system to know when things are right. So. I.

I'm not limited by. System constraints um. But if you're not if you haven't been doing this 20 30 40 years you should probably stick to the as close to the way you were taught as possible until you don't need to do that anymore okay. So since.

I've been doing this stuff. I manifested over $1,800 to fix my car congratulations thank you round of applause exced yep well done. I'm a. Believer.

I don't give up and. I was like you know what. I'm just leaving it out there. Universe knows what.

I need and. I'll just wait for it to come and it happened pretty rapid like you said things start to happening fast yes. They do it's it's very bizar right. And what's interesting a lot of time and again.

I. I you will anybody listening to this will avoid this as a suggestion the times it'll slow down is when the time when are the times when you try to speed it up yeah that's what. I found when. I focus too much on it yep yeah yeah.

So thank you for that it's been really cool. I've been enjoying it just gets better there will be challenges you will be challenged over and over and over again can you can you do do what you've been doing at different levels of intensity right. Yeah understand that they're tests that's all they are yeah it's kind of happening in relationship too. I was trying to force it you know make it go faster and.

I just kind of backed away and. I like you know. I'm just gonna allow it to come to me and that's turning around too for me. So y.

So that's really cool. So. I'm ex well done keep going yeah thank you for everything you're welcome all right. Let's go to.

James uh can you hear me yep. I'm not going to be asking many questions today. I'm just here to list them. MH okay.

Well we'll go on. Then if something comes up let us know. Damien. Big.

D from the southern part of the. Equator chili thing what do you got for me homie no. You listen to me yeah perfectly let me figure out something yeah. I text to you better because my.

English. I yeah you know every time. I listen to you speak. I just.

I just hear. Ricardo montoon going [Laughter]. Rich okay. All right.

Let me see what you got here hold on oh okay. We got a lot from the. Dem man. So question one.

I heard that the level of. Jan. Jang is something that clearly distinguishes the experienced and the novice some tips that we won't find anywhere else haha lots of tips it's in your hands um two. I've been practicing a lot of.

Fire and. Water. Chiang plus the 1 through 10 protocol some. Heaven and.

Earth you know. I feel great. But. I don't know if practicing two of the five elements can lead to something undesirable can you talk about balance and practice it's best to do all five elements um.

But what happens a lot of times is there will be certain exercises that you don't want to do like you you have a lot of fun with the fire exercise. But you don't want to do metal right. Or you or you want to do water. But you don't want to do earth right.

It's it's it's the elements you don't want to do that are usually the ones you need the most right. It's just one of those and. So. I recommend again pay attention to the proportions and the feeling you have either towards or away from as you're going through these exercises and when you find those don't break don't stop your practice.

But at the end of your practice make a note of where in your body you had those feelings and go and fix them using the transformational. Triad because that'll save you. Later on from having an. AB reaction during one of the chiong exercises.

Later on right. The idea behind a lot of the medical a lot of chiong alchemical and transformational processes especially at the beginning stages it's all it's all purification and it's purification through provocation. So we start doing the the lung exercise. Next thing you know you're coughing and hacking and crying and you know grieving over your dog that died when you were 12 and you had no.

Idea it was in there why because you provoked the lung energy and the tissues started releasing all the stuff that you hadn't fully processed you start doing the the fire exercise and the. Next thing you know you're raging about somebody who broke your heart you know when you were 16 right. And you know you've had 27 girlfriends since. Then.

But that one's the one that just never you never quite got over right. So a lot of these exercises as the system starts to heal you're going to it's going to release toxified emotions toxified patterns that have emotions and memories embedded within them and if you don't have the techniques we have you've got to do it through the cathartic way you've got to just let it bubble out whereas if we're if we're doing fire exercise and we start having those flashes of memory we can make note of those memories put a pin in them and. Then come back journal on it do the transformational. Triad clear it and.

Then when we go back and do our fire exercise that stuff won't come up or new stuff will come up right. Um there's many different uh as far as your your question about standing there are. So many different. I have at least 20 or 30 different variations in my lexicon on.

Stan on. Jen. Jon everything from classic ichan to some very very. Lo lost.

Dallas chiong. Traditions which are all standing right. Uh and it's everything from standing with your hands up here to to standing in a a squatting position with your hands up here and just just standing for hours it's it's it's insane and uh what the some of these older chiong systems emphasize is very different from uh what modern chiong systems are teaching. So your your.

Jen. Jong is something that has there's probably as many levels to it as there are perceptions that you can have. But a lot of it is based on what are you trying to do right. If you're if you're if you're practicing for martial reasons and your stances need to be held longer and deeper okay.

Uh because they are the extreme they're designed to be used in combat. So they demand a higher level of physical attribute right. Which comes along with that though comes more juice for the other applications healing and metaphysics and things of that nature there is no. Real difference between all the same well again there is one difference that makes a difference and that's intensity in.

Marshall applications they tend to try and compress the training cycle. So like in. Marshall in in the in in. Marshall chiong they'll go through this beating and drumming process uh and bone marrow changing and washing and stuff like that where you go a 100 days you can't have sex you have to cultivate all your sexual energy and the whole process is designed to be done in 100 days right.

Because it's for martial artists and they want to get they want to light that fire and just have it raging through the system as quickly as possible you can do the same thing over three years just taking it slow. But you still got to do the work right. So you can you can do the. Marshall version which is 100 days of boot camp level lifestyle with no.

Sex or no. Ejaculation at least or you can do two to three year process where you're doing at least an hour a day of training right. And it is a little bit more gentle on the body or you can take 30 years to do it right. And and just incremental process.

So you know we all want it today. But most of us aren't willing to pay that price right. And. So you need to be willing to uh to do what it takes right.

And. Then have a teacher who can actually take you through those steps right. Rather than talk to you about it. So um.

But hopefully that's hopefully that answers your questions um knowing. So many models and ways of outlining cabala face reading needs five. El. ET how do you approach this more systematically or just pick one in master it.

I start with where everything meets and that's in the human nervous system it doesn't matter if you're reading faces doesn't matter if you're doing neur linguistic program doesn't matter if you're doing chiong doesn't matter if you're doing conversation ation hypnosis or. Law of. Attraction they all pass through the autonomic nervous system in order to happen. So.

I start with mastering the. Dynamics of that aspect of the human being and once you master that you basically control the crossroads where everything comes together and has to pass and. So we look. At the sematic search engine we look.

At the the visual auditory. K the veog language or we call modal speak not modal speaking um en coding system which is visual auditory kinesthetic or factory gustatory linking interception with exteroception the whole point where you feel it reach out that's where you start understanding that you're you're nothing. But light interacting with other light some of that light has a higher frequency some of it has a denser frequency. But it's either stepping it up or stepping it down and it's all and everything looks different based on its density and angle of refraction how do you reprogram the light you change the frequencies how do you reprogram the frequencies you change the body feelings how do you change the body feeling you change the direction the angle the color you go back to the basic elements of it and everything changes and transforms from there right.

And it's a feedback loop. So when you change it one way the body will look. Different change it to another way the body will look. Different and that's how everything starts to come together.

But it's all about understanding the. Dynamics of the autonomic nervous system and subjective. Human. Experience which is everything all objective.

Human. Experience begins or ends sometimes both with subjective. Human. Experience master that and you're on your way everything else is just repetition right.

And asking the right. Questions does that help okay. Um and let's go to. Andrew one more one more okay.

Yeah do you still recommending working into a mental space work you know the four rooms all this stuff four rooms yeah the the lab the disc oh you talking about. Chase's uh yeah this stuff. I still do it um. I my daughter uses it a lot um.

I do other constructs um because. I don't resonate. I don't resonate quite as much with the. Hightech imagery as.

Chase does and. So what. I recommend is you use the four or five room model that he es. But you make it your rooms like if like you know using v as an example has a strong tantric.

Tibetan. Buddhist energy and. So putting him in a computer room might not be the metaphor that works. But.

I put him in a in a stupa with h you know. Buddhist. Altar and all these iconography that might resonate completely him and get he'll get the same result from that that you might by inputting information into a computer right. If you don't have a preference.

Then use the metaphors that you deal with every day because those are the things your your brain understands the best right. So um. But all constructs again every construct works for somebody not every construct works for everybody. So you have to experiment and find out what resonates with you okay.

Thank you man. R roll all right. Andrew you're up um yeah. I.

I've got a question. But. I've also got a aing voice in my head saying to leave the question with my my uh subconscious and let it uh let it answer it rather than voices. So that.

I'm gonna bow out thank you. Julie you're up hi um uh the technique you were talking about with. Renee um was that in the most recent um. I think it was probably in is either in the.

Mastermind or the. Last. AMA the ma. The.

Mastermind. I would. I would message message. Renee directly and find out where where it was okay.

And. Then the the other thing do you have a venue yet for killer influence um right. Now we're either going to be at the. Courtyard.

Marriott in sarento valley where we've had the. Last two or three classes if the class goes over 20. Then we'll move it to the the uh country in and. Suites in.

San. Diego they're not too far from each other they're literally like half a block okay. So just hold off on bucking any yeah okay. Right.

Thanks that's it okay. All right. Um we have 34 minutes left top of the order. Dave you got a got a question or actually.

Nigel's got his hand up go ahead. Nigel yeah hi um. So. I wanted to ask about uh where find the schedule for the 2025 live trainings um should be the.

First four or five months should be on. NLP power.com for events right. And uh some months ago you brought up a a practice. I think in your maybe.

Buddhist training about how to get an idea of how you're going to die. I did that briefly uh. I don't think. So it's not something.

I would teach. I don't think it was something you were teaching. I think it was something you had maybe gone through on a training of your own. But.

I was curious about it. I don't recall anything to that effect all right. Well no. No.

Worries. Then thank you okay. All right. Who open floor who's got questions you got questions raise your hand.

Christine go ahead. Christine yes. You have a question yes. I do okay.

Um okay. I always thought that coming up the back and going down the front was uh. I thought that was the water path nope and referred to it now as the fire path. But what always refer to it as the fire path unless.

I misspoke what's the other one coming up the front going down the back going up the back and down the front is the fire path going up the front and down the back is the water path okay. Well and somehow. I got to totally messed up or because we come up the back and and down the front where we're doing the uh when we're doing the stuff for the uh uh in the. T um.

So that's a fire path yeah in most of the 99.99% in fact pretty much everything. I've taught with the exception of maybe some of the things in the mega group. I've never taught anybody anything to do with water path because based on what. I was taught that's the.

Last thing you want to do okay. So the fire paths stay with that and not mess with the water path until you got to a level where you could handle it more the reason and again because the minute. I say it people are gonna rush out and do it the fire path is used for burning away stagnant emotions we start fire path we start burning and processing alchemically the emotional baggage okay. But when we want to start developing spiritual powers and abilities we want to reverse that and start cycling the water path the water path is where all of your psychic abilities all your spiritual attributes start to come online the problem is if you've got too much emotional toxicity it's going to create problems for you right.

You're going to start opening psychic awareness when and and having not knowing what's delusion and what's a spirit and all this other. So we always go through the alchemical purification training and we teach you all the things you need to know and how to open all the different circuits before we start opening up those psychic senses right. So if you go to study with guys like. Max.

Christensen. Max is pure water path. But he will you will take years with. Max because he will show you you'll go to a a seminar with.

Max he'll show you three exercises and you won't see him again for years or two years right. Because you'll have to work on that right. And you'll be going through all kinds of purgings and purifications and cras and all this crazy because you're working working water path fire path is just safer okay. And.

Then you were or should we cover this in. The. Mastermind tomorrow or yeah. Mastermind tomorrow how to use the um how to use the neurop neurop phone's easy again the the thing that the most important thing about the neurophone is that you have a way to to run sound through it no.

I'm. I'm interested in getting one. But. I don't know where to get it.

I'm talking about the other one the uh the neurom. Mist the neurom. Mist how to use that where to find the information oh okay. We can cover that we can cover that tomorrow in.

The. Mastermind okay. And. Then easy to get easy to use will there be a good link for tomorrow like there wasn't today well you'll have to yell at.

Moss because he told me all the links were up and. I actually had to wind up posting them at four o'clock. I'm literally posting links because the links. I thought were there weren't.

So yell at moss moss bad bad bad. Moss right. Um. I he he never he never got back with me because.

I said mistakes still not working it's still not working. I texted. Mia. I texted well.

Mia doesn't control any of that talking to her is kind of pointless um the thing is is out. Moss is out at a. DS. Temple right.

Now contemplating his. Naval and his lower. Donan and whatever else. Dallas contemplate.

So um. I'll post. I'll post the links tonight. So don't worry okay.

So is there. So we'll we'll discuss we'll we'll talk about. Nur miss tomorrow sure and the other one also we talk about you guys want okay. Masterminds are for you guys right.

Okay. All right. Let me go to uh ja you're up hey. David.

Merry. Christmas. Merry. Christmas.

So. I've got one quick question and two or three little uh other questions um. So my. First question.

I it came up on. YouTube was is. Muay. Thai or.

Kung. Fu which which one is easier to learn. I chose. Muay.

Thai well. Muay. Thai is simpler. But it's also harder physically on the body yeah.

I got that. I'm watching these guys in fights and. I'm seeing who's doing what it's. I think they've gotten.

I think they've gotten a little bit better in the. Last 20 30 years when. I was. First learning.

Muay. Thai back in the 90s these guys were still kicking banana trees with their. Shins. So training equipment's gotten a little better.

I thought about doing that at one point going to a monastery and. I'm like no. No. No.

I kung fu is a longer is a longer process um and again a lot depends on your teacher. But um there's more you can do with it. I mean if you're just looking for physical exercise my. Tha will get you there fast or you well right.

Now. I'm still trying to walk it's gonna happen it's gonna happen um. So the other questions. I have is seed seed beads seed for ears and pain and.

So on you mean ear seeds yeah now. I was told. I could put them wherever the pain was and. I'm realizing my pain isn't going to go away because there is a physical context to it okay.

Um. I am still trying to get things moving as far as healing. But because. I can't walk very well everything's really weak.

So if. I were you. Then. I would do sitting.

Chung and. I would do. I would do some form of. Jan.

Jang or standing exercise either wuji meditation or very uh very modified 18 rules of posture stance and do your chiong that way. I wouldn't try to do anything more okay. And. Then from there doing what you're tell what you've been teaching from there.

I would work into just some basic taichi postures like brush knee or wave hands like clouds white crank cools its wing um those are probably going to be the the gentlest posture and mechanically friendly and that's. Tai. Chi you said or chiong no. Well you start.

Tai. Tai. Chi does have a chiong component inside of it. But the movement will actually heal you faster okay.

Moving meditation is actually 100 times more powerful than standing meditation the problem is is that um if your alignment isn't right. It's like moving a a a cup that's filled to the rim with water and trying to move it without spilling it and. So you wind up wasting a lot of energy because your linen isn't right. So it's always safer to do standing and quiescent meditation because there's you you don't have the same level of leakage okay.

All right. I found a really good taichi teacher on. YouTube. So.

I'll be able to learn there's some good ones out there there's some good ones out there yeah um the. Next question is um okay. We've been talking about me being out of body a lot it's starting it's starting to come down a little bit. I'm getting more balanced and more grounded um.

But the other day uh a lot of times when. I'm in really heavy pain and. I can't find something that'll help me with it um. I lay down and.

I don't move my body and. I raise up out of my body just above my body. So. I'm not feeling that pain right.

But. I just rescued my friend's cat she's no. Longer going to be living here she's moving to a psychiatric hospital um the other day. I was doing that and kitty jumped up on the bed and.

I felt like bam. I felt like something hit my body like a ton of bricks and. I know it was me coming back into my body. But is there a way that.

I can avoid that because that does not feel good no. No. If something's going to shock you back into your body is it it's it's called shock for a reason. I don't understand why will what be the reason oh him jumping up on the bed interruptions yeah here's the secret lock the door.

I don't have a door. I took. Them off get a door and lock [Laughter] it that's a good idea right. The idea behind that when we're doing any kind of outof body work if anything sudden in the environment happens that's a threat to the physical body it's going to snap you into the back into the body like it's nobody's business you're built for that right.

That's why when. I when. I'm guiding you guys through your transer. I say put the cat outside close the door put the dog out because cats and dogs love energy work they love trans and they love to jump into your lap or on the keyboard while shit's going on yes.

Okay. Okay. They love energy they love energy especially if you're doing a lot of body of light work where you're increasing your. Radiance you ever see those scenes in like like.

Cinderella or. Snow. White where the birds come in and they land and they just tweeting right. The that actually happens if you're out in like in the woods and you fill yourself with light and you just dissolve until there's no.

No. You left animals will come around and sit by you they'll sit on you right. Because they feel they feel that connection and that. Radiance and they want to be part of it.

Then the minute you come back to yourself they're gone well. I know one of the things that this cat has done for me is he's helped with my depression. I have been. So sick and.

I want to heal. I want to get better. David uhuh. But um.

I don't know what comes with anemia they haven't found one. I'm bleeding yet. So um. I'm still.

I'm learning what. I can rebuild red blood cells with. But it's not holding are you starting to are you are you eating a lot of bone broth no. But that would be a good idea um.

I'm eating a lot of beef and calf liver. But make make real bone broth go to the go to the market and get bones or beef bones and just boil them and and use that yeah. I can go up to the market get 30 pounds of turkey neck. So um okay.

I got to do something because. I feel like. I'm falling apart here okay. And uh.

I talked to. Moss the other day and as soon as. I can get back to work and get the money together. I'm gonna come up and see him okay.

Good very good all right. Thank you da welcome you're welcome all right. Who else is up would now be a good time iy go ahead sorry. I had to find the button um tell me if speaking up helps the.

Audio. I just got a new thing ordered tomorrow. So. Next time.

I hope you can hear me better. AB. I your audio is. So garbled.

I can. I can understand. I can barely understand every other word you're saying sweetie all righty is that helpful that's better for the moment we'll see if it sticks okay. Let's do what we can do okay.

I'm getting a new headset um. I feel like. I'm mentally at my limit. I guess uh to feel less in fear constantly to feel less drained and to have my own energy back what should.

I do or practice on and focus on. I would start doing uh if you go to my. YouTube channel. I would start doing a lot of great room gry room is a good solid.

General negativity cleanser you don't even have to constantly know what the hell it is you're clearing as long as you can reach out and touch it point to where you feel it you can start clearing off stuff there and. Then spend a lot of time either on audios of me or somebody that you want to work with doing the safe place induction my only question with that is can you pull something good off on accident and. Then throw it in the fire or is it just the bad no. You'll know okay.

That's why the touching part that's why we reach out we point to where we feel it we reach out and we touch it because if it's a feeling we want to change. Then we know it's bad right. But you'll when you go into the gray room we'll tell you there all the good stuff has a certain color or set of colors all the not. So good stuff has different colors.

But you're always checking right. And. Then there may be stuff that resists coming off and those are things that have we call safety lessons attached and when you find those and you apply the magic frame to that particular fra uh square and. Then you preserve that and you let everything else go and with that help with calling back the energy if you feel super burnt out it can because a lot of times the the reason we feel drained is because we're using a lot of energy to keep things locked in the body now what will also happen is as you release that energy and you release that negativity what will happen is there'll be.

So much energy released into the body you'll get tired again. But it's kind of the difference between being exhausted from overexertion versus being exhausted from eating too big a meal well. I'm about to be in a safe space and. I know that everything hits you once you're out of your um like environment that makes you go crazy and it hits you once you're safe.

So. I'm like what can. I do. So.

I don't abolutely spiral and just have a very hellish time start with the safe place induction work on your transformational. Triad techniques. Then do the gry room and. Then.

I would. I would and. I'm going to say this once again. Reach.

Out to. Someone. Like. Maria or.

Tom or um. Holly or. Julie who has a a strong background in therapeutic applications and work out something with them where they can guide you through processes. So like color breathing things you can do a lot of things you can do on by yourself on yourself.

But there are other things that you need somebody else driving just to. So you can get to it and be fully. James. James was at your.

Last one he walked me through one. Last time that was really sweet. James. I've been here for years okay.

J. I don't. I don't know who. I know.

I don't know what. James is on the other end of that name. But if if you guys are comfortable. James uh that was speaking in the room yeah.

But. I don't. I don't see his picture. So.

But if you're comfortable with. James and you want to work with. James that's fine. I mean if he's got the if he's got the if he's got the techniques that you need and he has the the cred the the credentialing to do that work.

Then that's fine right. I can only talk about people. I know. I've been through my certifications and.

Stu absolutely all right. Uh who else going once going twice. Jazz. Jeet talk to me you know one of the things.

I've been wondering about is like we say we have the source in. US source of all energy is. God and we have peace of. God in us.

So when we do. Chiang we pull energy from the sky we pull energy from the. Earth. But the source of that energy is just one and we have that.

Source in us why not just expand the energy from the inside from our soul because it's unlimited why why do all that work when you just have it inside and just expand that energy and let it flow all over the universe great question why don't you because you haven't told us that. But you just came up with it. I. I wanted your input on that everything you need is already inside of you you just have to get to it a lot of your.

Chiang is designed to peel back the layers and the the shells around your true self. So you can let that light shine out. But if you can get there and let the heart open you're good yep can. I sh share a success story sure uh remember the vi vibration influence you know you taught us uh that technique where we.

Circle and. Then we give him a en heart energy. So that. Wednesday.

I was uh in this classroom uh with kindergarteners and there's this little six-year-old girl and she's just started you know she went to her uh she went somewhere and she just started curing at that her. Pera that she has a 101 just you you you dumb fud you shut up you don't know anything you know just on and on she was doing that. I was like that's a great opportunity. So.

I wrapped her. I wrapped her in my energy. I waited till like felt like a little rapport with her wrapped her in energy and sent her heart energy and. I said.

I love you and. I said you know you're safe you're safe you're loved and you're safe at that point she stopped. So. I'm thinking maybe it's a coincidence maybe she wasn't stop at that moment or.

I you know maybe it's working children are very very very very very very sensitive to heart and energy. I learned this the hard way and when you line up the three bodies with that intent and again it's basic training from killer influence. But now you're taking it to a whole a whole different level right. Once you can open that heart and expand that field that energy will impact everybody else's fields and it will just wash over them right.

It may take a few minutes for it to settle or to to have an effect. But it will gentle the emotions as long as you can maintain that state very good well done thanks love that stuff never gets old to quote. Sean connory. Ric works all right.

And on that note any. Last questions before we we call it a day. James go ahead brother um no. Question.

I just want to say thank you oh you're very welcome my friend that's it just thank you thank everybody who came. I've actually learned a lot well on that note my friends if. I don't well for those of you who are uh. Diamond level and above.

Mastermind members we will see you tomorrow at 11: am for our. Hands-On training and skill building session we'll start at 11:00 am. Pacific we'll go to about 4 pm uh. Pacific for those of you who are on.

YouTube and would like to participate in that training all you need to do is upgrade your your membership to the diamond level through the. YouTube channel or you can go. I think you can go to our website and join there. But for most of you watching through.

YouTube it's probably better if you join through. YouTube um in that and you can uh participate and do some some actual. Hands-On work with us and see us face to face and stuff like that be on the lookout for more random videos and other things. I've got.

So many different. I'm like inundated with all these different. AI platforms that. I'm trying desperately to get to fly in formation um and.

I'm. So busy doing things. I'm getting nothing done. But uh if.

I don't talk to you between now and. Christmas have a very very happy holiday. Hanukkah. Quanza whatever it is you celebrate have a great one in the words of the immortal.

Carol. Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song things we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say it's.

So good night my friends.
