Title: SELF DEFENSE -  SPEED DEFENSE Secrets of Personal Self Defense Part 4
File Name: -_UcUkqd4Jo.txt
Video Id: -_UcUkqd4Jo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_UcUkqd4Jo

Same lines. But let me use. Billy real quick. So what we're doing now is we're going to transition from fret we're going to still use pressure points okay.

Everything we're doing is stacking on what we've done before. So we started off with two basic movements brush check counter and the hairbrush right. From there we went into a little bit with the knife. So you could understand how it related and.

Then we started working from this position now can we do a brush check counter from this yeah you betcha right. Can we do our hairbrush from this yes. Do. I always have to come up the middle no.

We always have to come out to the right. No. Okay. This leads us to a concept that you will not find in many arts directly.

So directly talk the concept is called hyperfunction versus hypofunction this is specifically pertinent to the study of pressure point work sistema and jiu-jitsu traditional jiu-jitsu is based on this concept of hypofunction in other words his joint bends like this right. So when. I'd apply a joint lock. I'm going to go against the way the joint wants to bend that makes sense that's traditional.

Orthodox jujitsu even small circle jujitsu which. I'm a big fan of which focuses on manipulating the small joints of the body right. Even these movements are based on the concept of hyper function our hypofunction going against the joint. But there's another way especially for us smaller people that we can begin to manipulate the body that's called hyper hyper function his joint wants to bend this way his shoulder flex wants to move this way right.

So if. I just start moving where the joint the way it wants to go all the rest of the joints of the body begins to recruit and he finds himself being catapulted to the floor by his own momentum okay. So the. First thing we want to start to play with in terms of hypofunction is studying the way the joints been.

So he's choking he's in this position here right. We can open him with our young meridian technique where we can go in with the yin meridian technique the in meridian techniques that we started teaching you is a hyperfunction technique we know that his joint wants to bend right. If. I try to go against the joints the rest of his body recruits to make it strong to reinforce the joint right.

But for some strange reason it's very bits much more difficult for him to fight himself when. I go with the way his joints want to bend okay. So. I literally just move him in different places by going the way his joints want to go in here think all.

I'm doing you didn't connect that with you all. I'm doing is this is a traditional hyperfunction jujitsu technique joint doesn't want to bend this way okay. Joint does want to bend this way right. So again.

I can. I can move the shoulder girdle. So. I started with the elbow everybody when you get it.

I want you to get a partner. I want you to just have your partner relax his shoulder. I just want you to move it in a circle just like this feel that can you guys see this. I'm just moving and notice how easily it moves notice how easily it moves right.

Then what. I want you to do is just very gently a big circle to here and bend your knees. So. I'm literally just going to come up and go ahh ah come over here nice one okay.

I can make it big if you want to right. So what happened. I'm always nice the arms rolling and. Then now did you notice when her knees bent when my knees bent lords might just do this nothing happens because this is a connection to.

Center to right. Once. I make a connection either hyperfunction hypofunction our centers of gravity start to communicate and start the pup as long as. I keep that connection whatever.

I do with my body her body will mirror okay. This is advanced a key it's also sistema it's also. Taichi it's everything we do right. You go deep enough into any real art this is where they're taking every internal martial art has some way to get you here right.

They just obvious dated behind a thousand techniques and weird language and maybe if you're the right. Ethnicity lineage you might get something someday right. I was bitter um over there okay. So again the whole idea if every joint has a natural range of motion the more joke the more we work with the way the joint wants to work the more of the other joints start to work in unison if.

I go against the way the joint wants to work she actually braces all those other joints against it and creates this this locked structure right. Yet the moment. I did that she got real strong didn't you can feel it right. That structure that that reverse support is where you have to have really superior technique and a whole lot more muscle to get a joint lock to work because the body the body is designed to defend against this unless you cheat right.

You want to say cheat we use pressure points which released the muscle or we create that connection and we go where the joints want to go see when. I went to this he he bore at me brakes seem race which means all of his joints want to go what direction against the flow of my technique right. That's where they wanted to go right. So the whole idea.

I should get deeper into it is you have to have the sensitivity it's like dancing like literally like falling down to feel where his body wants to go to feel where it's looking for support and do something else. But for right. Now get your partner work with the shoulder girdle right. Just practice these little circles and notice how their body their shoulders in their hips aligned and misalign when you feel like you've got a pretty good understanding of that as you reach a point where the shoulders are a little bit out of alignment bend your knees got it go play you guys like this it's kind of fun all right.

Now. I'm going to go we're going to turn you all into like. IKEA masters overnight come here. DW you're turning the barrel brother should.

I have my godson it really doesn't matter okay. Actually might wanna take them off okay. Jeff can get him again a lot of what. I do is about escaping okay.

As you're going through these movements especially like the brush trap grab the brush grab strike and the hairbrush you see lots of places where you can just rain hell on the bad guy if you want to and you see in all these places where you just hurt them remember the vast majority of us just want to get away right. So one of the things that the most important things we can do is get them on the ground and leave. So a lot of what. I'm teaching you is designed specifically for that put the get them with the earth maybe tenderize the meat a little bit before you put it in the oven.

I'm the meat right. Here to me yeah and. I'm tenderizer man okay. So you can go home.

I'm not trading you it to win 10 and a match not training into the. Next clip boxing champion or the plan. I'm training in go home right. So remember even though we're having a good time and everybody have a good time good because that's how you learn the best right.

At the end of the day what's going to protect you is what you practice yeah. I can't wave a magic wand and turn you into. Bruce. Lee.

God wish. I wish. I could do it for me right. I've been doing this almost 40 years that's still not there yet.

So. But what. I want you to understand is everybody else you have a spine right. Okay.

Your spine has three arches a cervical arch a thoracic arch and a lumbar arch we're in the systemic portion we're also working a little bit with jiu-jitsu. But the whole idea that we want to understand we talked about. Systema independent generally the. GU bladers.

Kadosh sykov combat system of is lef sistema there's all there's the million forms of systemic one of the primary principles that we want to understand is this concept of breathing alignment structure relaxation movement okay. When the body is in alignment when the shoulders the hips the head are all relatively plain stay right. There. I'll get my tool excuse me while.

I whip this out no. Blazing. Saddles furniture. So we have the head or the eye level right.

We have the shoulders we have the hips we have the knees as long as all these things kind of line up like boxcars life is good okay. We're strong right. If. I were to punch.

DW in the stomach all he did one one little caveat there is. I want you to take your tailbone and kind of like the tailbone to the coccyx is like the tip of the end of a fist. I just wanted to coil it up such you feel a little bit of tension go up through your abdomen not super tight you should see able to still be a breathe through your stomach or to your abdomen. But still have a little bit of attention okay.

So. I'm not going to hit him hard. But this tendon hits up just. So you know suck as a technical term.

So as. I hit him okay. That's that's not that's a pretty solid hit right. The reason he's taken that pretty well okay.

Because. I'm not hitting him hard. But still enough to move him right. Dead weight is because he's in structure when the body is in structure there's an internal pressurization that takes place it's called biotin segregate okay.

It's a term coined by. Buckminster. Fuller way back in the day. I don't want to get into all of the distinct season just to say every part of him is like a balloon and it's spreading tension throughout his body and dissipating and balancing force and it gives him a layer of protection it gives him almost like a little bit of a bulletproof vest a little bit not know what.

I don't trust me. But enough that has he become significantly more tough to hurt when the shoulders the hips the tailbone and the header in alignment. So. I can sit here and.

I can hit him pretty well right. Suck right. Here it's okay. If all.

I do is turn his head a little bit. So there's a little bit of tension and a light hit pause invoke that wasn't near the intensity. I was hitting him with before was it. But.

I went right. Inside you know that's the difference when the tailbone is tucked when the structure is in alignment there's a surface tension here that dissipates the force throughout the structure when this when this when the system is kinked that internal prep that that protection goes away. So whenever we're working and whenever we're defending ourselves the one of the fastest ways that we can a protect ourself and take out the other guy is distort the structure just move the head move the shoulders move the hip get these things out of alignment and when we do our hits we'll go in and they'll be much more powerful okay. The other corollary to that as well is that drunken we were working the hyper function concept before hyper function and to take down work because as.

I moved through this range of motion. I've distorted his structure even it'll exaggerate it okay. As you get more and more vanessi at this you won't even see the distortion it doesn't look. Like there's anything there.

But there is okay. But for for educational purposes. I'll make it big. So that you can see the distortion anytime you have the structure distorted the only direction you ever need to move is down okay.

Now that's the nice part if. I have in here and. I know the only direction. I need to move them is down now if.

I hit them on the way down or instead of pushing him it's going to be worse that make sense okay. So. First thing we're going to do is going to prove this to ourselves are going to get a partner your partner is just going to stand like this with the tailbone just flexed a little bit. So there's a little bit of tension here and all you're going to test another contest okay.

And all you're going to do is give a little tap you can tap on the solar plexus if you want. But again just keep the force the same right. Just let your arm gets kind of swing like a screen door right. Then you're just going to distort the structure you can do it by misaligning the shoulders misaligning the hips turning the head like.

I did. But when you turn the head make sure there's a little bit of tension if that tension that lets us know the structure has reached its limit the. Next time you want to go yeah. I.

Linda. Blair in know. But the whole idea is. I want to distort this enough.

So that. I know it's open make sense and. Then give them a tap and have him report if there's a difference in them alright. This is going to do several things hey it's going to start to teach you a little bit about how to deal with strikes as well as starting to get you over if we were actually hitting someone safely because it's again it's a test not a contest they have guys.

I have guys taking full you know full kicks to the legs using these concepts and it was bouncing all right. So the whole idea is we want if we want a system out they teach your body to get stronger more mobile. But at the same time you want to use the same concepts to give us the better self in the fastest amount of time. So that would be gentle because your partner gets to go.

Next. I know some of you guys got your. Wacken on each other we're going to come back and we're going to kind of integrate a little bit more of this stuff getting one or two more pressure conservation finger locks and which kind of pre shot a little bit all right. Go play ladies me give me ground with water how we having fun yeah all right.

Great. Oh. Danny you're cheating that's all right. Shut the camera all right.

Now. I'm going to show you how to cheat any summit. So we have big struck that was ugly wasn't it because like just a little touches that came right. Tap a couple of you right.

Jonathan would you learn good. I'm going to go around. Jonathan what you what you what you discover from this technique would you learn there when their body started is my body exactly. I'd not would you learn body.

I now can like do this powerful grunt. But it's more absolutely you turn a select you turn a break into an eggshell and. Then. Jonathan discovered.

I don't have just hit unit tell me tell me to make that hurt right. I actually could get the tone just got here a little bit tricep watch you see a stub chop trapezius yeah like how because the structure conducts force conducts through the body right. So now let's kind of work this a little bit. So sistema tells us that structures important.

So we're going to work from this position we could work from a pond shore push position where he's punching me and. I come this way right. We worked with the idea or the concept of turning the head misaligning the structure we're going to take that concept we're going to go back to our pressure point work and we're going to teach you some really cool things that you can do with the head. So as the strike is coming okay.

That's fine we'll do that one. First thing. So as. I'm coming in here right.

I have this movement right. I talked to you about three arches anytime. I can compromise one of those arches the only direction. I need to move is down.

So big picture. I take his head. I take his hip. I drop it okay.

So we have do 24 which is a pressure point on the acupuncture point here it's on the philtrum now just for grins and giggles what we just learn about the structure how do we how do we did how do we break the structure what do we have to do. I have to misalign what oh life just got sucky for him why everything is distorted isn't it if. I want to put him down what's the only direction. I have to move if.

I want to if. I break if. I distort his structure what is that if. I hit him what happens.

So strong like bull not. So much alright. So as he grabs in this case. I'll come up and that could be a hit if his head is down.

I could poke him in the eyes. I could lay across the philtrum all. I want to do is just reach back. I maybe.

I want to scoop. I might want to scoot my butt in a little bit and just brace his sacrum. I'm doing this with teeny touches at full speed it would be much uglier right. But the whole idea is as he comes in right.

Now where. I'm touching him now that's putting him down these would be percussion points that would knock him out make him see stars. So this is how. I can safely practice my cue show which is knockouts without causing problems.

So as you thinking off the 2-handed process here. So as. I come up. I can distort in this way.

I can brace him this way play with that we'll come back and go okay. Just be reverent philosopher man if all. I do is just get my body out of the way he falls in the hole he's literally he's literally especially in this dynamic he's literally using it all themself up and doesn't realize it literally up all. I do is this no.

They never try they don't they never than they don't realize how much they're using you to hold themselves up as long as you move from anywhere else they never realize their foundation is going it's too late they're already wagons you have a big phone with this beep dude ed not come on that brother strong like bull like this man you love this man he makes me. So jealous. I want a body like this. Thanks all right.

So he's got some decent here now we've worked from this and again this is a very common energy to get right. Whether it's. MMA judo is some kind of a clenched position right. If you longer you stay with what we do the more you're going to understand this concept of getting your.

Center closed most of you it's just going to be. Greek right. Now. So.

I'm not. I'm going to tell you it's important the closer my center of gravity gets to his the more his body does what. I tell it. I'll just put give it to you that way what most of us do though because we're we're taught to fight like big people is the moment we.

Clint we tie up like this the butt drops back and we try to muscle we try to finagle for position the problem with that is it's the most inefficient way for us to deliver force especially if we're small okay. So anytime like like. I was showing me some people here we were doing a wrist lock luckily you had to respond you know how to do much like jacking right. Do you not do wrist lock look.

I know you do. Chris lot okay. It's just a simple thing. I wanted to show them just do that pretty much now this is a typical hypofunction lock in other words he's torquing my wrist right.

And if. I try to go against that force. I'm going to get hurt badly. But this is how important your center of gravity is this lock is based on two things really distance from my center and going against the way the joint wants to work if all.

I did was bring my son underneath it we're done doing anything now exactly here's the weirdest part because he's using me to hold himself up and doesn't know it put a little more juice on it now you see how he's got me out of structure right. The moments watch what happens when my center of gravity goes under my joint oh. I'm going back life sucks for you doesn't it the more connection they give the more the more they crank on it the more connection they give me as long as. I don't try to fight the lock.

I try to muscle again he's gonna tear me a new one okay. Anybody's ever been in this lock knows what. I'm talking about by the way the fastest way to get out of it is this. But most people won't do that either for you to hit the camera he's keys tour.

Konami here nobody ever thinks about that right. But here again he's got me. I'm very much out of structure right. I have to have the poise in the presence of mind to know all.

I got to do is that right. Beautiful give a big round of applause. But that's not where we're going. But it is where it's well you'll end up eventually the longer you stay with this the more rapidly you'll start to understand how important this is the.

Masters at the level that the. Masters play at they don't even care about technique the only thing they want is your center of gravity the moment they make connection systemically no. Matter how. I get there right.

But for this now we're working from the clinched position. So anytime we can get that. Center which is right. Below your belly button get that.

Center under his. Center we'll get that. Center to a point where just the movement causes him to spin out of control. So now what we're going to do is we're going to work the same hairbrush in the same brush grab.

But we're going to do something with the head now which involves hair manipulation of hair pressure points. So put your hands down put your head this way can you go come line up sit underneath the camera. So that everybody can get this at home. So everybody sit back here facing this way bend your head forward young man cool do all right.

So you're going to dip his head down how many people have ever seen a picture. I have actually held a real skull or a model of the skull if you looked at the skull put your head way down. So you can see if you look. At the skull you'll notice right.

In this area there's this little suture that goes up the center and. Then off at little angles there's little little cracks little wavy lines right. Those are called cranial sutures up through those areas are little tiny nerves called their motor nerves that control the neck and the eyes. Now they usually come up they're kind of laying out there like this just under the scalp if he makes his net nice and strong.

I picked a guy with a strong neck just for this. I push on this not. So much not. So much right.

At the rounding of the ear little whines go up this way any time. I want the body or the head to go that way. I must use this quadrant you divide the head into quadrants and you use opposite quadrant. So if.

I just if. I pull him this way that hurts that annoys him. But he's not going anywhere right. But if.

I take the same energy no. One expects the fashion position right. So the whole idea now is opposite quadrant theory tells me that if. I want the body just most.

I'm going on using his body spins it doesn't just lean off the side throw left right. Which is what we want again. I want if. I ever get.

I can reach around this way right. Or. I can give him a little bit of an ugly again same quadrant that way and. I'll release the net okay.

So one of the things we can do is use a motor here real quick just nice and slow slow punch comes in. So as. I could know a straight punch as. I come in this way down he goes oh my go hook.

Punch here right. Double push throw hand push no. Push now punch course yeah okay. Oh it doesn't matter if it's a two-hand attack a punch a choke a hair grab.

But everyone now let's analyze what we just did and what we know what's his structure like it's bad right. What's that what's going to happen if. I hit him it's going to be really bad right. If.

I just want to throw in what do. I have to do could. I couple them up remember that not. So good for you right.

I see if he's got if he's clinching on me here right. Now let's say. I hit it right. Boom the structure is gone.

But let's say. I missed. Oh okay. Again pardon my french.

So. I'm here right. Now if he's giving me all this. I'm just holding him up right.

But again if. I'm here. I want to reach around and now he's done because he's it's very hard to resist that okay. If.

I come here and pull he can take that if. I reach to the opposite quadrant right. It's bad idea right. Who did.

I show who did. I show that fracker here on the bottom. Third of this. SDM there's a pressure point stomach 10:1 look.

At on the acupuncture charts primarily active when the arms are raised you take this. SCM right. In front the. Sen you divided into.

Third. So top. Third middle. Third bottom.

Third right. Where the bottom. Third meets the middle. Third straight in.

So if. I'm here and. I have this all stretched out boom right. Or boom.

So the whole idea now is what we're doing is we're working on the same idea of distorting the structure we can use our hairbrush you can use our brush trap right. It's all here everything we worked on right. Still there. So now.

I want you to do is. I want you to start to play with these hair points remember that you have to actually grab the scalp and lift like pop top on a soda can because you gotta you got to get the scalp tight and vibrate the nerves these this is one of the few places in the body where you can't hit it and make it work this nerve ending requires vibration. So when we grab we can grab close to the scalp he doesn't have a lot of hair here. So.

I would have to pry if. I really want to be evil. I would grab his ear and. I want to pull like the pull starting a lawn mower.

I'm doing it. I'm doing it really gentle by the way how many peeler do traditional cotta. But block only one two in your do you have a plan you have a you have a set that goes one two three four right. Yep now if.

I do that. I'm not going to do it hard if. I do that right. Where's his head where's my punch in that form yeah all the old.

Cox's are that way every move in every old kata was created to kill period even though even the baby would it's politically incorrect. But it's the way it works if you understand the hidden teachings behind it if you understand biomechanics if you understand how it all fits together you got an art that's greater than the sum of the parts okay. So in this and the time that we have you can work from the clinched position you can work from a single or a punching a slow punching position and find these points distort the structure deliver maybe 1 1 light hit bend your knees take them down and as you go through this in real slow motion. Taichi slow play with it if you feel where you can maybe stick in one of those one of those little shoulder bumps right.

Where you roll the shoulder and drop them down put that in there. But go nice and slow right. Play with it make it yours you have the hair points you have the philtrum you have the cervical arch and all of it and the only need two moves to get into them right. The rest is up to you you'll play give me round of applause for.

Adam.
