Title: EMOTIONAL HEALING: How To Deal With Strong Negative Emotions, Depression and Anxiety
File Name: -bNxTh11JCo.txt
Video Id: -bNxTh11JCo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-bNxTh11JCo

So for those of you um you know the names the seats do not have names on them. So you can move okay. You are awesome is awesome just saying much as. I did all right.

Take care thanks for coming out they came all the way from. Thousand. Oaks. But they still got beat out by the arizonians big round for.

Arizona huh there's one more. I know he's coming to my 5day training. I came from. Toronto.

Toronto you're a resident here too you bounc back and forth you didn't come here just for me don't. Don't. FIB. I came from no.

You didn't three years ago three years ago we came from separate states together all right. So what we've talked about from from the the early parts of today we talked about wait we talked about uh you know weight issues and how the weight itself is almost never the problem more than 25 lb 30 lb you're not looking at at uh. LIF style anymore you're looking at body armor you're looking at things that have significant emotional component that the weight is satisfying usually security or safety usually security or safety now whether that security comes from uh not having enough growing up or uh safety coming from having an appearance that detracts or deters attention unwanted masculine attention or some point in between right. Where where food becomes a substitute for security in terms of connection and love and emotional nurturing it's still the symptom satisfy the the requirement that that behavior is designed to uh accomplish and the weight will tend to normalize at least the behaviors that led to the weight gain and the maintenance will tend to normalize there may be other things that that have to be done uh to facilitate that.

But long and short of it weight issues. Beyond 25 to 30 lbs are the result of some form of trauma now when. I say the word trauma we have to change our definition of trauma because when we think of trauma we think about horrible things we think about car crashes and. War zones and sexual molestation and all these horrid things all right.

And and we should. But we also need to expand our understanding of trauma to anything the nervous system views as life-threatening even if it's getting your toy taken away when you're a 2-year-old even if it's. Mommy and. Daddy yelling at each other in front of you even if it's being alone in a room or in a room with people and nobody's playing with you these things are just as trauma inducing as.

War zones and in more cases than not the root cause of the people who wind up in my chair okay. Regard and here's the best part it's once paradoxic iCal and scary and amazingly cool at the same time everybody who studies from who suffers from trauma isn't broken they're not broken they feel that way. God knows they feel that way a trauma when you're manifesting symptoms is the sign of a system functioning properly it's just nobody taught you the. Dynamics of the system.

So you didn't know what to do when the system did what it was programmed to do. So let me give you a basic idea a basic understanding that. I acquired. I acquired this really a lot of the the subtleties of it uh from from uh again.

I'm going to quote him again. Brent. Bal who. I think is a tremendous tremendous resource this stuff is a little dense.

U. But for those of you who really are called to do this work who. I lovingly call a special kind of stupid it's one thing to come to a seminar like to fix your own or to get my help to fix your. But for those of you who are called to go out and fix other people's that's a special kind of stupid right.

It's not work you choose it's work that chooses you undo that. I'll let you know. God back doored me on this one dude. I'm telling you.

I if. You' ask if. You' have told me 10 years. I'd be seen patience 5 days a week doing what.

I do 20 years ago. I laughed at you cuz all. I wanted to do was do martial arts pick up women and be cool. God had other plans and.

God always does. But the secret a lot of people ask me. I need to find out what my mission in life is what's my mission depends on how you feel that day depends on how you feel that day the fastest way to find your mission is. Follow.

Your. Passion follow the things that feed your spirit you'll discover your mission right. Before you leave this planet or right. After you leave this planet and you say ah.

I did it right. God gave us the best. GPS we could ever have it's called our neurology it's called our system of feelings the universe works in a language of feelings and pictures and. Holograms all of this information is in fact holographic okay.

Um let me see if. I can. I'm going to try to do this in a very um. I'm going to diagram it as best.

I can and hopefully. I can explain the trauma induction process in a way that we can now. NLP comes at this hologram from a very different place when the the neurology creates a a trauma container kind of every time. I think of a trauma container.

I think of you ever see. Ghostbusters that little container they had that held the ghost in it that's what. I think about right. This little container with all this floating around inside of it.

But think about it this way this is the line of your me memory and awareness right. And it fluctuates from state to state to state now the interesting thing happens is that let's say that this is. Baseline right. We find moments of trauma let me move this up a little bit.

David how do you spell br. B. Au m b m now a trauma looks like this it's a spike an emotional spike in our system all right. There's a certain level of neurological arousal now what's happening is this is zero hour this is terminal event t0 right.

This would be the moment of. Maximum emotional trauma and death okay. An interesting thing happens is our. Consciousness is pretty consistent our ego states are pretty consistent as the trauma increases there's a mechanism within our system that monitors till it gets to what we call.

T minus one. T minus one is that moment just before the critical terminal event and. Then the neurology does something amazingly cool it turns it off it literally. Zips that file and all the trauma in it into a container that it stores somewhere in your nervous system when.

I had you point to where you feel it you found the sematic address when. I had you notice the color you started to bring out attributes of the container. Follow. Me.

Now within this universe that moment that ego state that. Consciousness that event is. Frozen in time and it's happening over and over and over again. But it's quarantined within the neurology it's quarantined within the body and over time the way your neurologic iCal sorting system begins to do things is it sorts things by similarities it sorts things by things that have in common that's why many times when you start to do these processes you wind up somewhere completely different because it's not linear it's not logical does that make sense okay.

That ego state is a fragment of your. Consciousness holographic in nature which means it's got everything that you knew and everything that you had and everything that you understood up to that moment in time. But for all intents and purposes it's a separate organism and we know it's not it's a container when we either at through the process of hypnotic regression through some form of neurolinguistic programming or like. Brent uses a holographic memory resolution process from the.

Present. Moment by the way once we hit trauma a. T minus one that gets frozen in time now one of two things either happens here at t0 you're either dead or you survived if you survive the. Consciousness keeps going from that point forward this is why you have blank spots in your memory from time to time those those blank spots indicate containers that have been taken out offline until such a time as you have the resources you have the resources to deal with it or if you don't handle this it's going to overload the system do that make sense okay.

So how do we do this well um. I don't want to. I don't want to get too long. So.

I'm. G um just do some. I. I never know what.

I'm getting when. I open up this can of worms um. So here's what. I want to do let's do this as a group exercise can we do this as a group exercise.

I want you to think of something no. It's not going to work either because. I got to manage each of these. So here's what we're going to do we point to where we feel it we notice there's a color connected to that feeling right.

We we've gotten that far right. We're going to take a little bit of. Brent's approach now in that once we find the color once we find the sematic address now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. And. I want you to trace the periphery of that event or of that feeling notice the shape of it as you notice the shape of it tell me about the shape or describe that shape what's it like right.

Julia what's yours like tell me jaged. Jagged can you come up here for a. Second bring your chair yes. When you said noticing is that still like where you're pointing to we start with where we pointed.

I'm. I'm giving you my approach this this is not specifically. Brent's. CU this is a little bit more convoluted it's still within that well watch closely as uh.

Julia close your eyes. Point to where you feel it not what's the color green excellent and he said what's the shape of it again it's kind of square rectangle and square rectangle and. Jagged. So it's.

Square rectangle tell me about that shape what's it like um like like this except the edges are okay. Like a ripped very cool. So let me ask you a question is it in your body outside of your body part or partially in and partially out outside okay. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to look. Deep into that green energy into that green. Jagged.

Square thing. I want you to follow it to its very. Cent to the very source of it and when you get there just notd your head to let me know and. I want you to follow it even further now back to the the root cause the very.

First seen situation or event that is the source of that cut that. Jagged green energy and when you get there not your head and let me know. I'm going to ask you a series of questions are you inside or outside. First impression inside are you alone or with people with people is it daytime or night time night time look.

Around look. At your hands in that pict are they big girl hands or little girl hands little that's right. About how old are you when you're looking at your hands 10 10 that's right. So as you look.

Around what's going on tell me what's happening there's just people around talking there's people around talking that's right. And as people are just around talking what happens. Next. I do something that makes them look.

At me you do something that makes them look. At you and. Then what happens it was bad it was bad yeah okay. And if it was bad what happens.

Next. I feel bad you feel bad and when you feel bad what happens. Then nothing really okay. So let me ask you a question if you could go back in time and give that little girl the best advice that would make everything all better what would you tell her it doesn't matter okay.

It's okay. That's okay. Cool. I want you to step into that scene as the you of today complete with all your knowledge all of your life experience all your wisdom.

I want you to give her a big ass hug let her know that no. Matter where she goes no. Matter what she does you're always going to be there you're always going to be with her that you love her you're going to take care of her and let her know especially and you're from the year 2016 and life gets pretty cool right. Okay.

And tell her everything she's going to need to know everything she's going to need to understand to be okay. To feel great inside when you know she's got that just nod your head to let me know excellent now as you look. At her is she happy yes. Now.

I got a quick question for you what would make her the happiest little camper on the face of the planet right. Now. I don't know okay. Well if you could imagine what would she like to have what would you like to experience the go ahead.

I guess the um approval of the people around. I want you to make a movie in your mind that has the highest approval rating ever. I want you to make it full color. High deaf make it the best approval movie ever she's a rock star.

I want you to play that movie over and over again and when it's perfect in every way. I want you to you and take her by the hand. I want her to step into that movie and live it over and oh that's right. You can feel good that's right.

Feel it over and over and over again and now. I want you to notice as you feel those good feelings that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts point to where you feel it the same that's right. I want you notice there's a color connected to that good feeling what's that color fuchsia fuchsia perfect now. I want you to imagine that movie is now playing out in front of you bigger than an.

IMAX movie theater screen. I it's huge right. And. I want you to make it as you look.

At the movie is it really really clear or is it kind of fuzzy kind of fuzzy. I want you to play with all the different controls until that movie becomes crystal clear in every way when you know you got it nod your head to let me know okay. Excellent is it. Crystal.

Clear yes. High defa yes. All right. Now now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to imagine that fuchsia energy projecting out and forming a big frame around that movie and. I want you to take a snapshot of it and as you do. I want you to reach out with both of your hands and grab the edges of that frame and the picture inside of it physically.

Reach. Out grab it lift it up over your head. I want you to pull it down through your entire being over and over and over again and notice what happens to that green. Jagged shape in your tummy.

I don't see it oh just keep going till it's completely gone and it's impossible to feel it ever again and let whatever feelings come up as a result let it just come up it's okay. This is the time this is the place take it to every your body notice how different you feel what you noce well if. I was noticing that green it was like in my chest oh it moved huh uhhuh all right. Notice there's a color it's not there anymore it's not there anymore no.

Cuz that's when you were talking about it down here. I was like oh that's funny. I feel like somebody stepping on my chest and now it's gone yeah mhm. So grab your picture again okay.

Do about 10 or 20 more passes and notice what happens and double the size of the picture as you do it and. Then double it again keep doubling the size of the image as you draw it through your body that's right. That's what. I'm talking about right.

There baby till it's impossible to feel any other way notice what happens take to every your body notice. I here what you notice sweating you're sweating yeah try to bring those old feelings back notice what happens instead nothing at stays. F open your eyes. Notice how good you feel a big round of applause [Applause] welcome whether the trauma is you know something from a war zone or something that happened on the playground something that happened in the living room the mechanics are the same you don't need with this process you don't need to redge up the trauma and things like that those those techniques are there if we need to use them.

But it's important to remember that every memory that we have is a hologram and it's a container at the same time for the emotional energy that was present at the time the scene was recorded and it's that energy that is expressed holographically that is connected to every other part of the body holographically uh and you guys you guys all know how a hologram actually works right. A hologram is literally um where they take a beam of light and they split it and they send one beam to an object and the other beam to. I think it's a mirror or something like that and to a a photographic plate and. Then because of the angles and the way the beams are split what is imprinted on that photographic plate is a threedimensional representation of the image and.

But the actual three-dimensionality of the image doesn't emerge until you shine a light through it and all of a sudden you have a three-dimensional image the interesting thing about. Holograms is that if you took. That that image and you cut it in half all of the information from both sides of the. Hologram would be present in both of the pictures and you could keep dividing it and it would be the same the same the same no.

Matter how many times you divided it down the whole would be contained in the part acupuncture. Oriental medical theory has actually embraced this idea for a very long time. But now we're discovering that the very nature of our universe is holographic our memories and the way our neurology works is holographic. NLP which has been around since the70s has approached the.

Hologram through its component parts the brick and mortar that we use to construct it the visuals the auditories the kinesthetics the old factories what. Brent's approach was is very different his took. On a more metaphorical approach in that when people describe their problem or they describe their pain they describe it using a metaphor mostly a shape sometimes it's an actual object that was in the environment. But no.

Matter what they use to describe it that metaphor is the container it's the container that keeps all of that stuff circulating and stored and you can use a metaphor to change a metaphor you can use one hologram to change another hologram and. So the antidote for a lot of these things a you inject into the. Container a new awareness a new consciousness of somebody who survived because remember terminal event hasn't happened yet still think they're in danger they don't know that they survive they don't know that they survive the just the act of injecting another. Consciousness that inserts new information of survival changes things.

Then you give that particular ego. State they like to call it. But it's really a a hologram of your. Consciousness at that moment you inject new information into that sealed environment and everything starts to change and.

Then you figure out what states or feelings resolve what's remaining and you use that frame that hologram to connect and contact all the other fragments of that holographic representation all happen point to where you feel it notice the color go inside right. That alone would in in in our regular approaches to most forms of hypnotherapy would have been a 20-minute process that there. But just getting to that point where you can actually begin that kind of work and. Then actually jettison or venting the stored emotion would be.

However long it took. Right. This whole process took. Minutes right.

It's this the irony is we're still doing a lot of the same things we would do in conventional hypnotherapy we're just using different metaphors and tools to do it and. LP did it one of the one of its big um uh. C or big claims to fame was the the the revelation of a personal timeline a holographic sorting system that your nervous system uses to separate present from past from future right. And they could do really cool things with timeline problem a lot of times with timeline though was if you couldn't jettison the emotional charge you couldn't get them the change to stick and because.

NLP tends to specialize in what we call light transstates um a lot of the old hypnotherapeutic approaches tended to work better because they involve deeper levels of. Trance okay. But that's how trauma that's one of the ways that we can resolve trauma another way we can do it is we can point to where we feel it take it out spin it the other way put it back in still works faster than this. But sometimes we need to take a structural approach in other words how is that particular container built the visuals the auditor the kinesthetics the all factories is it too close to the body right.

That's one way we can affect it we can affect it through the story of what happened and we go in and we we ask what happened what happened what happened. I try to when. I work. I try to work with as little information as.

I can. But sometimes. I need to know a little bit of the story. So.

I can direct and navigate um and we change the story because you're allowed to change the story it's just that happened and since you're in charge of the video you're in charge of the editing deck and you're the only one that's ever going to know or care for that matter you have the right. And the authority to change it to whatever you want. So that when you remember the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better remember we aren't the way we are because of the things that happen that's a copout even though we don't know it's a copout we are the way we are because of the way we think about the things that happen about the way we choose to remember them and it is a choice we didn't know we had a choice. But it's still a choice right.

As. I like to say ignorance of the law is no. Excuse right. This is how our system works and i'.

I've done this now with uh emotional eating. I've done it with. I did a 45 minute uh smoke sensation this where. I literally took.

The guy back to the very. First reason his very. First motivation to start to start smoking and. I asked the little.

I asked him to tell it to give that little boy uh you know everything he would need to know to not smoke anymore and the problem we had was he wanted to smoke because he wanted to be like his dad now what do you do about that right. So. I said what would have to happen for him to decide he didn't want to smoke anymore well we have to experience the the disgust the. First time you know the.

First time you smoke a cigarette it's never. Pleasant right. And. So he literally made uh the worst movie ever of of going through that.

First puff and he literally pulled it through him over and over and over again until a little boy just decided. I don't want to do that anymore start to finish it took. 45 minutes by the end of the session. I couldn't even get him to touch the cigarettes in his pocket okay.

Here's the one thing to remember the most important reasons for people to do the things they say they want to do are their own what the neurology generates the neurology accepts whatever metaphor your neurology uses to express something if. I tell you to go to a gray room a dome shaped room with blly gray walls and you find yourself in an oblong room with pink with a pink ceiling and a fuzzy you know rug that's how your nervous system does it it's not wrong we tend to make ourselves wrong if our internal experience doesn't match the guidance we're receiving you as therapists need to be have the the behavioral flexibility to work with whatever metaphors of trauma or resolution that your client generates does that make sense yes. Just a question. David on um with what you did with.

Julia uh book. I read said you know what to do what to say when you talk to yourself could you do that in a conversation with yourself on those questions would that still yeah as long as you can uh enter the appropriate. State and do the work yes. Yeah all of these things can be done as self or autohypnosis or self-generated resolution the problem is is that there's a part of us uh the big problem we have with any of these processes whether it's uh doing it for ourselves or doing with other people is the problem of compliance and absorption you see there's this thing this this process that rears its ugly head is called smart person syndrome or hypnotist disease depending on how much training you've had okay.

Smart person syndrome is that part of us at a doesn't think it wants to prove it doesn't work happens every now and. Then we don't usually get those kind of. But more often than not it's people who want to kind of be in the experience observe the experience and analyze and judge the experience while having it well if there's a part of you that's trying to do the process another part of you that's trying to evaluate what's going on and learn another part of you that's evaluating whether it's working or not how absorbed are you in that process the answer is you're not to the degree that you lack absorption in the process is the degree it will take you longer to get this the minute you start engaging the. Soma the body body a lot of that starts to go away because you can't get the body involved without becoming progressively more absorbed.

I have stories for that um the other part is. Focus right. Um because a lot of times we tend to exist at the same level as our. Trauma from a logical level's perspective it's very hard for us many times to rise above it and change it right.

So we can use that metaphorical approach that uh neurolinguistic holographic grid approach that we talked about to create an interface an imaginative construct which actually has actual physiological. Origins your proi reception and your mirror neurons play a massive role in the facilitation of this and from that construct using metaphor and structure we can change what the neurolog is doing we can revisit any moment in time as long as we understand the dynamic of unconscious response it always feels like you're making it up it's the. First answer you get regardless of how illogical or nonlinear it may seem you're always going to have a urge to edit it right. And it's always quiet it's always in the background right.

There's an old saying that the the conscious mind yells the unconscious mind. Whispers. But remember at the end of the day if you can feel it and point to it you can change it okay. So um we are coming up on 10 minutes to three that is almost 50 minutes beyond our end dat you guys are awesome give yourselves a massive.

Round of. Applause one of my parting gifts to you if you didn't get a gift certificate or actually even if you did get a gift certificate you still get this gift um every client. I see my my regular rates are 175 an hour some of you know this painfully. So um uh.

But everybody who came out tonight as my gift to you for coming out sitting through the talks eating our food having a good time uh everybody gets a free 30- minute consultation with me it's my gift. But you do have to schedule it okay. Because. I have a waiting list sometimes 3 weeks long it's been crazy past couple weeks um.

But it's it's good it's a good problem to have. But it's still a problem we have a whole bunch of new stuff uh in the works in terms of programs in terms of opportunities for training and getting your stuff handled and whatever uh. But there are computer stations set up throughout the the clinic you can sign yourself up or talk to. Tracy or candy or.

Alex and they'll be happy to uh get you scheduled uh. I don't promise to fix anybody's problem in the consult because. I don't take everyone. I evaluate every single person who comes to me to find out if what you have is a fit for what we do if it's a fit.

I'll discuss strategies with you for getting your situation handled in the shortest amount of time possible if it's not a fit. I will make recommendations where. I think you might find the help that you need does that make sense is that fair cool thank you all for coming out post good things to the. Meetup or if not post to somebody else's we'll see you.

Next time thank you.
