Title: Mind Control Skills: Instant Hypnosis Induction - Hand Shake  Pattern Interrupt
File Name: -Rpk4vA4c5Q.txt
Video Id: -Rpk4vA4c5Q
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Rpk4vA4c5Q

The the handshake interrupt is that's actually what it's called is based on a concept known as pattern. Interruption it's based on the idea that everything that human beings do is a program it has a sequence if we interrupt the sequence the nervous system has to reboot if we interrupt the sequence the nervous system doesn't know what to do it goes into confusion the handshake is because it's been it's such a part of most cultures is literally if. I if. I put my hand out see what she does look.

You look. At your hand look. At your hand that's right. As you look.

At your hand notice the shifting colors notice how it begins to move in and out of focus. I'm not going to ask that hand to float down on its own any faster than you can go deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of trans that's right. Deeper and deeper with every breath every bead of your heart 1 2 3 ey. High.

Open. Wide. Awake notice how good you feel now. Shake look.

At your hands that's right. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still 1 2 3. Eyes. Open.

Wide. Awake nice to meet you close your eyes. Deeper and deeper all the way down deeper and deeper even as she laughs she's going deeper and deeper it just feels better and better right. One two three eyes.

Open wide awake now why did. I just do that because when you extend your hand look. At up sleep look. At your na all the way down deeper and deeper you can just stay there another thing you do is as he goes to shake his hand you can just kind of look.

At here look. At your hand look. At the shifting colors in your hand is that close your eyes. All the way down deep and deeper and deeper still all the way that's right.

Everybody on the in the westernized culture when you stick their hand out they're going to stick their hand out one two three eyes. Open the whole process starts from the reach to the touch if as. I'm going here this comes out of nowhere. I interrupt that pattern and.

I'm not going to ask. Patrick for that hand to float down anymore than you can go deeper and deeper and deeper into a wonderful state of trans all the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still now if you look. At his eyes. You can see the frivol which is just little eyelid movements and things like that many different ways to do the handshake interrupt it's a little bit more challenging in that there's a timing element is that as he shakes the hand look.

At your hand as you look. At your hand going deeper and deeper and deeper still all the way down that's right. Deeper and deeper. So you can interrupt the process of the handshake and put them even deeper and you just.

G it's just like any other kind of a pattern inter rub during kind of confusion technique the brain doesn't know what to do. So it either has to start from the beginning or follow the instruction that you give it. Then you just go thank you. Bill come on out.

So caner. Cleveland many times um if there was back when he was in his evil days he would go um as as a person as a the client was leaving the office or something like that he would go everything's going to be fine have a great day and down they would go happy is a clan um lots of ways that you can inject that. But the the the handshake and there and what. I want you to do now is is think of the handshake as an example of a hypnotic operator that is socially programmed into us you go to anybody in this room you extend the hand they're going to automatically.

Auto it takes a great deal of willpower to not put your hand back out there the whole idea is that you look. At your hand you shake you come here see and there it is there's the look. At her and she's still and you point at the hand and you look. At the hand and you say notice the shifting colors notice the changing focus and now what you don't what you don't feel or what you don't see is as.

I'm doing doing this is. I'm slowly that's right. I'm not going to. Last that hand to float down anymore and you can go even deeper and deeper now.

Fran as you go deeper and deeper into trans and your unconscious mind begins to pay more and more attention that's right. I'm not sure which of your hands is going to begin to float up with honest unconscious movements maybe it'll be your right. Hand floating up higher and higher or your left hand floating up and. I'm not going to ask that hand to float up any faster than you can go deeper and deeper into trans maybe he starts with a thumb that's right.

Letting one of those hands just begin to float that's right. Maybe it's this hand or maybe it's this hand maybe begins with a thumb movement begins to. FL flow up higher and higher and higher still higher and higher with every breath every beat of your heart just floats up higher higher. Guided by.

Honest unconscious movements higher and higher that's right. Noticing how good you feel that's right. Lifting jerking. Rising moving up all way up higher and higher still now friend and as you continue to let that hand flip higher and higher.

I have a special gift for you and. I'm only going to ask that hand to rise only at the rate and speed that you really want it only at the rate and speed that you know it's going to be good only at the rate and speed that's right. Oh she really wants that now doesn't she that's called motivation now. Fran because you've been such a good subject andan we've played with hypnosis in all the right.

Ways lifting jerking. Rising stronger and stronger from this moment on every time actually there was a time in your life when you felt the most wonderful naughty pleasure ever that's right. Now. I'm not going to ask you what it was or where it was or who it was with.

But it was fun that's right. And. So because it's in the privacy of your own mind and body you can make it as big and bright. And juicy as you want to make it.

I want you to you don't have to point to it. But. I want you to know that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts and there's a color connected to that feeling and. I want you to notice that color is spinning in a certain direction.

I want you to notice what happens when that color doubles in speed doubles in force that's right. Doubles in magnitude size and strength and maybe notice feelings getting stronger. I don't know that's right. Now here's the best part.

From. This. Moment forward every time you engage in a hypnotic process whether as the subject or as the hypnotist that. Rush of pleasure is going to come flooding into your mind and body each and every time you complete a process getting stronger and stronger bigger and bigger deeper and deeper and what'll happen is as that pleasure as that joy as that wonderful.

Sensations get stronger and stronger your body will start to secrete a very special substance known as oxytocin and when oxytocin hits your system from that. Rush of pleasure that's right. Your body becomes very very teachable it begins to learn really learn faster and faster and faster new neurological connections new associations new ways of perceiving and believing old ways of behaving evolving and erasing dissolving becoming something better something more useful and that's going to happen for you each and every time you hypnotize somebody each and every time you get hypnotized. Rush of pleasure more learning better skills life just gets better and better and better and.

I'm not going to ask you to let that hand begin to drift down to your lap only at the rate and speed that every part of your body and mind accepts implements and puts those new suggestions and ideas and processes into permanent operation only at the rate and speed that every night while you sleep and while you dream your brain makes all those processes a thousand times stronger or maybe even just doubling and tripling the size strength and intensity of those feelings with every breath. With. Every. Beat of your heart just let that hand float down only at the rate and speed at every level of your body and mind is energized synergized harmonized maximized in the direction of your highest.

Joys and pleasures and becoming more powerful more confident more effective more filled with self-confidence and self-esteem at every level of your body and mind your unconscious mind in full agreement ready eager and willing to implement all of these new learnings at the rate and speed that's most natural most efficient for you when your hand touches that lap you'll emerge from this state completely transformed at every level of your body and mind eyes. Open head clear mind clear thinking and acting that's right. Calm self assurance noticing how good you feel thank you you're very welcome terrible that all righty. So the handshake interrupt is is is a fun it's good for parties takes a little bit of confidence cuz you got to hey how you doing look.

At your hand notice how good that begins to move notice the shifting and turning close the eyes. All the way down deeply and deeper and deeper still that's right. Now. Chris everything you just heard me say to.

Fran it's 100 times truer for you now now in a moment. I'm not going to ask you to open your eyes. And come back to the room only at the rate and speed that well you know you've got it that your unconscious mind really wants and desires and it's going to put all those suggestions in operation noticing how good you feel in every level of your body and mind she go yeah that's it let those changes integrate accelerate rocketing through your mind and body and all that's good there you go woohoo and just allow your eyes. To open when you know you've got it there you go woohoo there's another.

CI happer.
