Title: FREE LECTURE: Secrets of Personal Self Defense - Yin/Yang Polarity Structural Disintegration Theory
File Name: -umyE47SQNs.txt
Video Id: -umyE47SQNs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-umyE47SQNs

Find it in uh. Systema and. I'm also a certified instructor in justel fire this is where. I actually.

First learned it and. Then. I found it in every other art. I studied which was really cool it's the deadliest move in the martial arts.

Stephen come on on here brush trap strike the. First move we talked about deals with attacks approaching me as the strike is coming in. I'm moving and. I'm entering right.

Again most of us that's not actually what's going especially for you ladies you're probably not going to see it coming make sense the. Next move works from what we call the clinch position or the hands up position the secret to this movement movement literally looks like this okay. There's a lot there man's grabbing me. First thing.

I want to do is. I want to play uh like he's got coties in other words. I want to move my hip and my shoulder. But.

I don't want him to feel it two that was part of the move the tighter somebody grabs you the more of the connection they give you which by the way since we're on the pressure point segment we'll start with something really cool about pressure points he's choking me every he knows what and yang is right. This means yes. This means no. Get what yin and yangang yin and yang yin and yang yeah this mean by the way this means yes.

This means no. This means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh.

I hope he doesn't do that to me right. So from this position okay. First thing that happens a minute we feel hands around our neck we go help me help me help me and we die because we don't take his hand right. Most of us don't realize that the minute somebody grabs you with their hands just broken in the eyes.

But most most of the time when. I show that move the. First thing. I hear is e if you're going ew now you probably won't do it out there either you won't practice it.

So. But when in doubt jab them in the eye there's another one that you can learn. I learned from. Grandmaster.

Wally. J my brown. Belton small circle. Jiu-Jitsu find the nipple line dead center of the sternum take that knuckle.

I don't know for some reason. I just want to dig on you the hand the hands go up here that hurts worse makes you want to let go right. So dig into that still. St from the.

Last time you did that's why. But those are distractors those are things that are going to take his mind off of off of the little hits right. But the movement we want to work is this that's just one variation the movement is drop your knees dip your shoulder brush your hair be dty and. Then just turn your hips other side.

So here drop your hips brush your hair okay. Or we can go back to that whole yinong thing. I was telling you about. Yin meridians are on the inside of the arm.

Yang meridians are on the outside of the arm. Yang meridians entice the body they draw the body in see this yidan open and repel the body. So he grabs me tight strong leg ball strong leg ball can you can. I borrow you he chokes me big strong guy choke give him a real choke even if he's got me against the wallance come here.

David one chance get it man's choking me that all you got and that's me just moving the secret is it's because the. I don't know if the. Chinese figured out some weird energetic thing. But for some strange reason anytime you have an outward movement on the outside of the arm the spine does this and it opens you up.

So what. First thing before we get into the hairbrush side of things just work from a choke find the triceps just give them a little tap tap along the bone just that be sitting on top of you sitting on oh that's different we'll get to that. Later. But actually if you're sitting on top of you you can still do a lot of this you just have to work with gravity instead of against it you notice most of the things.

I do we we have what we call the 25% rule if we're using more than 25% of our strength to accomplish anything we're working too hard we keep that other 75 for emergencies. But again start with this find the young. Meridian uh anybody else want me to do it to him before we break up come on he loves this. I don't know why this is one of my students.

Alex. But he just he just loves to give. So go ahead. So again.

Alex is big and strong right. He's he's he's passionate right. Even if he's forcing me back right. Even if he's like he's he's really driving right.

See. But most of us don't do that soon as we feel this we try to dig in we try to fight right. Just tap him make sense play with it go find new partners introduce yourself and beat them up.
