Title: SPYCRAFT! Psychological Secrets for Controlling Minds and Influencing Behavior!
File Name: 01uB0nr76wI.txt
Video Id: 01uB0nr76wI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=01uB0nr76wI

David. Snider and. I have put together what. I think is the most incredible course on human behavior communication persuasion and influence we've spent the.

Last 4 days uncovering and unearthing some of the most. Advanced. Techniques. I've ever seen in my life and.

I've been doing this for 23 years for the. US government. I think one of the most important things about coming to. Live.

Events is that you actually get to roll up your sleeves and do the drills and get the skills you see it's not just about what you learn anybody can open a book. Anybody can watch a video. But at the end of the day if you don't have somebody guiding you through processes looking over your shoulder giving you feedback and you don't get to work with a lot of different people all you have is borrowed knowledge. Live.

Events are the fastest most effective most bulletproof way to make sure you get that level of immersion that allows you to actually go out into the world and get the results you came to learning to get. I think. David's teaching style is amazing it it gives you an opportunity to really interact one in one uh with the instructor instructor uh he continues to keep you engaged throughout 8 n hours a day 4 days in a row we are completely engaged the whole time. Chase's teaching style is very different than.

David's it's more direct. But it's almost like he's handcrafted every word to be impactful. So you're constantly paying attention because you don't want to miss anything and it's it's just extremely interesting you can't get the same type of learning from a book. But by coming to an event like this.

I was able to actually practice it on the spot and the biggest thing more than anything else is getting the feedback. So. I was able to see am. I doing this correctly what do.

I need work on and there's no. Way. I could get that at home in a book. In a course it just wouldn't happen.

I didn't read the sales page to come to this event. I just knew. David and. Chase were going to be here and it was just such a yes.

For me and it completely exceeded my expectations. I've only known. David for a couple years. But.

I've been reading his stuff. I've been watching his videos for almost a decade and this is an honor for me to partner with. David because. I'm meeting someone who's literally in my bibliography and who.

I've been quoting for the. Last several years and bringing two of us together. I think our viewpoints are. So different on a lot of this persuasion and influence stuff.

But. I think it's really fascinating how we almost arrive at the same conclusion on everything and have such different perspectives and techniques and tactics to get results from other human beings to be honest a lot of my me bringing this uh this partners sh together which was actually. Chase's idea was. So.

I could learn from him and. So he can learn from me. So not only are we constantly taking notes from each other we're seeing how these systems work together and how we can integrate them in a way that our students can get the most in the shortest amount of time possible. I've never been to an event like this.

I've been to plenty of trainings corporate trainings and. I would say they were all pointless in comparison to this. I've been to a lot of trainings and conferences. But.

I've never been to an event like this one we've been working on persuasion and influence skills and this is some of the highest level stuff. I've ever learned. I've been through probably thousands of hours of different training through books through courses and this is the quickest most effective strategies that. I've found for using influence and persuasion and.

I think it's probably one of the most badass trainings. I've ever been to.
