Title: Super Surprise Saturday AMA YAY!!!
File Name: 0KZyGoRjeXU.txt
Video Id: 0KZyGoRjeXU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KZyGoRjeXU

Hello hello hello everyone this is dr david coming to you from the white studio in the uh nlp powerhouse and uh this is kind of my. First time doing this uh from this room without a premiere or something like that. So we'll just see if anybody kind of shows up to say hi let me check in on here oh we got i got 10 people chats are available say hi tell us where you're checking in from tell us your name and where you're checking in from there's that there's alana and lindsey and pedro and charles brick t how you be lindsay's connect lindsay's from connecticut and pedro's from portugal barbados very good very cool. So listen hey i have a saturday afternoon and some free time and uh i was just in the mood to mingle.

So um oh wow lots of people checking in very cool. So listen for the. Next i don't know 30 16 90 minutes or. So you got me what do you want to know about what questions do you have uh let me see if i can make the uh chat section a little bit bigger.

So like your chat sections are now says the [ __ ] doctor ah almost wishing i did john o'brien checking in from scotland welcome sun peach 321 hello we're. First webinar coming from western new york charles from denver martine says hey hey vlad from dc sunil is from toronto uh let's see did i miss anybody i don't know power incarnate is checking in from mexico right. On and martinez from the south of france man lots of international folks i'm. So excited cynthia's checking in from tacoma robin hey master schneider right.

On all right. So british says can you not use technical terms like saying people are earth metal brick you're gonna have to give me a little bit more background on that i'm not exactly sure what the context is it sounds like a face reading or chinese medical question uh manuel hey man this is the perfect time well thank you man well i do my best laura hey laura cynthia was just listening to another video of mine strange the google works in mysterious ways and i put on my cool shade. So it'll burn out my retinas. So what do you think this is this is what my studio looks like when i don't have a virtual background up what do you think david what's the most important tip in attracting women the most important the important thing a is that you both have fun you know one of the things that it's a great question because i every time i run an attraction workshop and i only do by the way for those of you who are interested in attraction it is a big part of planet david that whole concept.

But we don't do like classes for guys in classes for girls when we do an attraction class it's co-ed in other words you have men right. Next to women and you get to practice and interact and really learn to understand how the undergender operates because if you really really want to uh understand things you've got to be you've got to experience things and real world feedback from the other person's perspective. But one of the things and i'm just prefacing that a little bit because the question is is that whenever you whenever you meet somebody we talk a lot about soulmates and criteria and values and emotional bonding checklists and things like that if there is no. Fun when you're together especially after the.

First one or two times you're never going to get to any of the other stuff like when you look. At a person's dating profile and we use a male female dynamic just because it's conventional right. And you look. At their profile and it says i want a partner who is uh brave loyal thrifty brave you know reverend must love dogs and drink red wine all those things are important.

But not nearly as important as the one thing that doesn't that that makes it all matter and that's fun none of that stuff matters none of the commonalities and things that you have or that you have you bring to the table male or female really. But really since females that tend to make the majority of the coupling decisions on a date um we need to kind of understand this none of that stuff matters on their dating profile until this person is actually having fun with you and. So if you can't bring the fun um good luck getting any place else. So the most important factor especially at the beginning of a relationship is going to be fun if you can get that nailed.

Then you will have a. Second date and a. Third date and by. Then all those other things that you bring to the table as a partner will start to matter if that makes any kind of sense.

So i hope that that makes sense by the way for those of you who are interested we actually uh stephanie and i sent down uh yesterday for about an hour and a half and went through and mapped out our training schedule for uh 2023 and february 2023 we are actually doing our. Next four day attraction mastery class. So you get you guys and gals you want to actually get the physical skills to go along with the mental skills like in. So many secrets we teach you all the inner game stuff how to figure out who you want what you want what's the right.

Kind of partner for you you know where to find these people that kind of stuff um and. Then attraction mastery would give you the actual technical skills to go out and attract those people right. Because a lot of times people know what they want they don't know about getting it. So we kind of balance that out uh let's see here um see what else i have to scroll back up by the way and by the way i'm not doing this i'm not live streaming this to zoom this is purely for our youtube audience right.

Now uh. So a lot of times the the chat stuff is flying back it's playing faster than i i can get to it. So i'll do my best to answer um let's see here was just listening to another video of yours and yes. It works how about that uh.

So david asked jay was asking what's the most important tip in attracting women and i'm going to tell you i'm going to go. So far as to say it doesn't really matter if you're a man trying to attract a woman a woman trying to attract a man a woman trying to attract a woman or a man trying to attract a man if you're not bringing the fun um it's over it's over before it gets started. So pardon me about my phone rings that's amazon letting me know my food has been delivered. But.

Anyway uh let's see here um did the information help from costa rica we're still working that out laura um stephanie's that's kind of stephanie's baby right. Now. So uh i don't have a lot of i don't have a lot of follow-up on that uh let's see here your life your own way says jason k from the uk how you doing david my good friend mentor and inspiration well thank you. So much jason good to see you again brother um joe from phoenix checking in.

So brooke t says yes. David that's exactly it. But it's these types of terms in general people like me are uninitiated. So the most people outside your circle won't understand nlp terms okay.

So metal is not an nlp term mental metal is more a chinese medicine term more of a chinese mystical term. But yeah one of the things that you really want to stay away from when you're interacting with the i hate to use this in a derogatory sense. But the muggles. So to speak those who aren't kind of in the know with what we're doing uh stay away from stay away from jargon as much as possible it only separates you from the people you're trying to connect with.

So um it's always better to describe people in terms of the attributes rather than the labels. So if you say somebody's you know if you see somebody who's very fiery for example um fiery people tend to be very small they have very pointy features they tend to be a little bit elf-like they tend to always be moving uh oftentimes they have lots of freckles tend to be very creative very spontaneous love new stuff right. The. Last thing you want to say is you're a fire person and they go huh you wanna you wanna actually phrase what you what you observe from that person in the form of a positive statement you seem like someone who's really loves to try new things love to experiment yeah you know and and describing things in terms of those positive attributes will get people to buy into the the reading that you're giving them or the assessment that you're giving them in a much more positive way saying oh you're a fire person well.

Then you got to explain what fire means and now in that process of explaining what fire means you could lose you could actually lose report with them. So um let's see here pedro is saying how to make other persons speak about themselves and create connection ooh i just did uh. Last tuesday i did my weekly coaching session with my uh my platinum and my uh my mega platinum members and uh one of the things we talked about was the concept of echo technique which is always going to be your go-to you've heard me talk about it a gazillion times and it hasn't changed. But there is a parallel uh type of quest a statement that you can make that will prime people who want to talk about themselves more and that's called an empathic statement an empathic statement is an observation delivered in the form of a cold read right.

It's not a cold reading that we're pretending to be psychic it's that we're looking at the person's state their body language the context in which we're interacting and we're making a statement about what we see we're putting a label on it. So if someone comes into my into my my room or my facility and their faces beat red they're breathing really fast um maybe they got a little bit of sweat on i might look. At them say wow something's got you really excited i wonder what's going on there right. Now red face sweat breathing fast could be any number of things.

But i i take what's there i create a statement and and i and i use a a sensory-based word. So i say it looks like you're really excited about something what's got you uh what's got you. So uh. So excited right.

And one of two things is gonna happen they're either gonna agree and they're gonna elaborate on what's got them. So excited or they're gonna they're gonna fall victim to human nature and if you if what you said was wrong they will actually correct you and tell you what's really going on with them which also gets them to open up and from there you can echo technique through magic questions reference you know um resistance removal formula whatever direction you want to take the conversation you can do that very very easily with what we call an empathic statement or i like in my world i call them pacing statements uh jack schaefer the guy who really kind of originated um that particular uh concept in his book. The like switch um called it an empathic statement okay. Uh you may hear chris voss talk about tactical empathy which is kind of a combination of echo technique and empathic statements uh let's see here um yeah.

So that helps hopefully that helps you there pedro um yes. Manuel schmoller you're right. I have the same problem like how can i not wait for the potential aggressor reacts just okay. I must have missed this one let me scroll back up um.

So linda's asking i was watching other videos you've done i'm always impressed i'm learning. But want to get better people seem to be afraid of trying anything they think is woo or fun what can i do join our linda join our mastermind um for those of you who don't know we actually have uh paid levels available on the channel i don't promote it that much i want you know after after we initially launched it i just kind of let it kind of kind of do its own thing. But we actually have paid levels here on the youtube channel the. First level is what we call the gold level it's like 10 bucks a month like 99.99 and it gives you access to all of our mastermind content that we that we create that we create um every month uh as well as shout outs and things like that it's it's and it's it's got lots and lots about probably three or four hundred videos between everything um that you can access at least 300 hours of video that you can access from there.

Then we have the platinum level the platinum level is you get all the same content as the gold level. But you also get two ask me anything sessions private ask me editing sessions um a month from the. First tuesday and the. Third tuesday of the month or month sorry not tuesday mondays of the month uh i log on usually four somewhere between four and five and for a couple of hours all i do is you can ask me anything you want right.

And those are recorded and they're kept in the members only community section here on the youtube channel and. Then we have the platinum level on our youtube formula which is um this is where you actually get to come to my lot my virtual mastermind and actually in a zoom format with me you get to actually come in with and ask me what you want to learn about i write everything up on the board on my board i look. At where they all kind of connect i create a lesson plan for the entire group on the spot and. Then i for the.

Next four hours i personally drill you on on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. Uh and. So the people who come in at the platinum level they actually get to participate in actual workshops with me once a month and. Then they get access to all of our mastermind video they get access to all of our amas and they get access to all of the content that is is available to google.

So you get all this other plus you get discounts on trainings and things like that. So for those of you who want a deeper level of access to me on a consistent basis you might want to take a look. At that give it a shot for a couple months see if it's something that works with you if it is hang out stay and stay as long as you like as long as you're getting value if not you know what you got some cool [ __ ] for a while and you get to meet a lot of cool people and a lot of people have made some really really powerful and deep friendships uh they've gotten a lot of their issues that they've come in with resolved because the people in the group are actually actively training and learning how to do these things and help people starting with themselves and i always think you should when it comes to helping people you should always start with you i really really believe that and it's always going to and again that may fly in the face of what you know some some new age help help gurus or real spiritual advisors might recommend. But um most powerful things i've seen have come from people who are self-empowered and.

So i want you to be that kind of a person self-empowered people rarely become victims okay. Um for whatever reason. But just easier targets out there and i want to take you off the menu for the predators of the world uh let's see here. So i hope that helps i don't i kind of went off on a tangent there.

But that's how you get better you've got to reach out and if you're not willing to come in and join playing the planet david community. Then by all means create one go to meetup.com create a meetup group get together with cool people like you who like to do cool stuff have a fun exciting educational event where people have a shared interest and can actually roll up their sleeves and do the drills and get the skills most of the videos you guys have been watching for. However long you've been in planet david start it as a free event somewhere and if i had if i had the time i would be still doing them because i really really enjoyed that time just reaching out and hanging out and meeting people some of my greatest discoveries about how humans work came from the clinic and they came from those live events and they still do right. Uh let's see here um how can you practically prove non-contact striking in system israel why isn't this talked about more if it is a because what you're dealing with is okay.

This is again i have my own theories on this. First of all let me say this non-contact striking is a phenomena it's just not a very consistent one and i and i my firm belief is is that what you're dealing with is a is a is a mirror neuron facilitated phenomena one of the things your mirror neurons do is they they intercept intention okay. And. So if you can generate an intention and flag it or signal it in such a way that the nervous system picks it up if you do it at the right.

Time the nervous system will actually see see the the formation of the punch and it will actually predict what's going to happen in other words as i go to punch somebody your brain and this is neuroscience by the way okay. Back when i was really playing with this stuff i i had this theory. But the neuroscience wasn't there now i can explain it based on neuroscience and this is why sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't when the opponent's nervous system perceives the punch coming in several things are happening remember that your nervous system doesn't exist in real time it doesn't exist in real time and if you watch these non-contact systemic practitioners they always telegraph the punch it's a it's a little thing. But it's just a it's it's just.

But they usually do it before the person's in range okay. Now what happens is and as the person's moving there's a certain process there's a lot of things that there's a lot of moving parts to this. But let me just explain what i believe is going on i believe that the person's nervous system is picking up the intention of the attack of the strike and it's playing it's actually predicting what's going to happen and because you tend to have this monkey mind in a fight-or-flight context the more fight-or-flight the person has the more this tends to work they actually feel their nervous system actually generates the feeling of the punch before the punch actually lands and and that's what you're seeing i think it's i think it's a mirror neuron facilitated phenomena right. And this isn't by the way the the no.

Touch the no. Contact punching um in systemic isn't the only place where this happens it's also very very common in a lot of sword work again a lot of times in sword work um there's this this this move in the sword they fade back and. Then they cut what happens a lot of times is when that the person is drawing back their blade to cut their neurology their their intention is actually going inside and making the movie about what it's about to do and. Then when it's about to launch the strike the awareness of the person comes back out.

So that that that fluctuation of awareness is when the person is inside making a picture of what's going to happen and. Then as they go to make a move they put their awareness back outside that moment is almost always correlated with the chambering movement of a sword strike or a punch. So if you catch them right. As they're transitioning from internal awareness to external awareness you deal with menopause we call a pattern interrupt and because the nervous system is is processing unexpected phenomena it stops what it's doing and follows whatever stimulus comes with it this happens in sword work because if someone's going to strike with the sword they'll they'll pretend to they'll they'll mimic the motion of a parry or a block without actually physically touching the blade and the person's blade will follow the trajectory of the of the defender's sword and leave the person open for a cut and.

So it's a very similar phenomena. So your your brain a lot of times in your nervous system i should say is always trying to predict what's going to happen. Next and it's always correcting for error now um for those of you who want to see the the found the pieces of what i'm talking about um mirroring others by a researcher named jacoboni i will tell you about mirror neurons um the enteroceptive or predictive nervous system you can learn about uh in the book. How emotions are made by lisa feldman barrett okay.

And also pick up a book. By cleve baxter it's an older book. It's called primary perception okay. If you put these the information in these three books together you come up with a neurologically based model for how no.

Contact striking works and why sometimes it doesn't work. So hopefully that helps i was a little bit more convoluted than i wanted to to talk about. But cool question good questions deserve good answers let's see here. So manuel says i'm struggling with my own inability to pull the trigger when it comes to standing up for myself and it especially bothers me when i have to protect someone from violence i just couldn't move.

So my. First question manuel for you is are you actively training in any form of physical self-defense or martial arts if the answer is no. Then that's the. First step you need to put yourself in an environment where you get to practice the physical movements connected to the to the emotional triggers if you it doesn't matter how strong i mean let me be very clear how it is the will to fight is always more important than the ability to fight.

But not by much okay. Someone who's willing to fight who's willing to stand up for themself is going to take themselves off the menu a lot faster than somebody who has the skills. But is unwilling to do it okay. One of my more controversial mentors used to say if you consistently walk around looking like a bologna sandwich don't be surprised if somebody tries to take a bite out of you right.

So in my cl in my school my students in terms of you know i i teach all my students an integrated art from the marshall to the mental and. So and the magical we actually do practice martial arts um most of the people that that train with me are not professional full-time martial artists they have no. Desire to get in an mma ring. But there are certain benefits that martial training will do for you besides the ability to protect yourself it's a great way to train your willpower it's a great way to train your state control uh and amplify your awareness which is something that never ever ever goes out of style and is always useful right.

So situational awareness is something we always need to be aware of. But you need to have the will you need to have the ability and the willingness to protect okay. You don't have to like it. But you have to be willing to do it and those are the two things that need to happen from my perspective just the beginning okay.

And. Then you need ways to progressively train that at higher and higher levels of um uh challenge we call it pressure testing and combat system let's see here see um. So lindsay says brick tea can you explain more that was for him for brick middle eastern illuminati do you see any of the newer musicians using language patterns i know certain older bands i think everybody who has any familiarity with any form of linguistic communication is using language patterns one thing you have to understand is that some of the most powerful language patterns out there are also some of the most powerful filters to human experience that we have. So it's impossible not to use them the question is is somebody using them with an understanding of what's going on or are they using them intuitively which means their communication is largely at random by default or extremely context dependent.

So i think a lot of our newer i think a lot of newer musicians are also using language patterns i don't think you cannot use them right. Rich from scottsdale catching up thanks uh food's here webinar over right. On uh having fun is the best way to start a habit too i absolutely believe that um well again when to have a friend hypnosis says lacherette and his hundo stuff that tend to teach no. Contact hitting i prefer this mirror neuron stuff i do too.

But you understand something when i when i was developing this stuff um there was i mean mirror neurons were still largely not known this was back in the god this was early 90s that that you know i got into this aspect of it you know and i was you know i was kind of the renegade in in in the in the fields that um that were actually studying this a lot of the controversial fields um. But i you know the more i embraced this mirror neuron concept and the more i got into the dynamics of primary perception mirror neuron and really. Finally the the interoceptive predictive aspect of the nervous system the more these phenomena started to make sense okay. And that doesn't necessarily and and the thing about that is is that it doesn't negate in any way this idea of of chi projection because chi project g is like energy well energy can be anything it can be it can be kinetic energy it can be heat energy it can be life force there's.

So many different cheese out there right. What what what kind of what kind of energy is intention right. In chinese it would be called yichi intentional qi right. The chia again.

So. So when we say chi projection yeah that doesn't you know it just doesn't mean we're doing this dragon ball z kind of [ __ ] right. What we are doing is sending information that is being picked up by that other nervous system and it's responding to that communication right. Martial arts is just another form of communication whether you realize it or not right.

And everything that we do whether it's martial metaphysical neuro-linguistic dating and attraction they all meet at the human nervous system. So once we understand how that nervous system creates takes in information and creates the reality functionally not in terms of the neurochemicals and all that [ __ ] that's that's really not useful believe it or not um. But how does it actually work and what are the tools that we use to make it work and more often than not it comes to the things that have been that have stood the test of time for centuries visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory data right. Vibrational information transmitted through these five channels right.

Uh and. So i my metaphysics becomes greatly enhanced once i study the dynamics of practical physics right. And i've seen it i've seen it work over and over and over again that way whereas before other ways um the results aren't nearly as consistent and that's what we need right. You know how consistent can you produce a phenomena if you can't consistently produce a phenomenon it's not worth doing as far as i'm concerned right.

That's why i don't that's why i kind of i love nlp a little bit more than a lot of people have have a lot of baggage where their nlp is concerned they call it a pseudoscience well fine it's a pseudoscience. But the question becomes does that pseudoscience produce a consistent result and in most cases believe it or not it does there are places where nlps kind of missed the boat a little bit. But there's a lot of places where they got it right. Maybe not for the reasons they thought.

But they still got it right. Functional and. So that's what we look. At as a neuro-linguistic programmer or something anybody working from a neuro-linguistic based phenomenon or martial arts for that matter the.

First question we have to ask is does it work and does it work consistently and if it works consistently everything else is academic because now we have something we can rely on right. I'll let the rest up to the researchers. So let me see here um [Music]. So check chef mcswagger has asked his tantric sex similar to vibrational healing or any of the nlp stuff that you have for sale yes.

And no. Uh tantric work of any kind is largely the the asian version of kabbalistic uh in fact if you read uh friends of barton's book. Initiation into her medics i believe it's either initiation in her medics or his. Third book.

Uh keys to the true kabbalah he actually talks about the comparison of tantric versus kabbalistic uh processes and he basically says they're the same thing um and actually kabbalah actually has a sexual uh tradition. So i never had a chance to learn that stuff in the kabbalah center i was learning. But um. But i know they talked about it a lot i think all of these things are related i do um.

But i think each of them is a piece of a much larger puzzle and i think how they work and how well they work on a consistent basis is dependent on how you can how you combine them certainly nlp can allow us to explore the mechanics and the structure of tantric and or vibrational work and and observe it from a from a process standpoint and i think that's what's really true not the the metaphors we use to describe it. So much as the process implicit in the metaphor let's see here. So i hope that answers your question um what do you think about the finger flicker against most boxers i don't know what a finger flicker is. So no.

Contact it is yes. Uh in a very in a very real sense no. A no. Contact attack is our counter is actually very much a hypnotic induction that one of the things you might try sometimes.

Next time you're sparring with somebody as soon as you hit them you'll sleep and see what happens i'm betting they go out yes. I am i'm actually very well trained i did enough combat sports and martial arts to outdo most people in the world. But i like the predator okay. So the best thing to do.

Then is find someone who's skilled in some uh some nlp and hypnosis work and start removing the reservations that you have start building in specific um that's the best source i know for this right. Now is kevin succor uh who's my my teacher in combat systema and what he has is he has a video on his website called the predator prey switch and it's all about how to go from pacifist to predator like by the clip in a switch. So i would get that work. First.

Next i would actually practice it hypnotically turning it on turning it off and. Then what i would do is i would i would have levels of escalation in other words like uh like if you if you remember a guy i don't know if you guys are into handgunning at all. But there was a guy with jeff cooper um many many years ago he came out with a series of stages from you know conditioned green all the way up to conditioned black or whatever it was where you have these different levels of preparedness and the the appropriate level of response to that what helps a lot of us is to before any of this [ __ ] ever actually happens is to establish what are the levels of escalation and what are the benchmarks for each of those levels right. And stick to that another great um another great source that can help you on the other side of that is called um left of bang it's another book.

In my reading list and it's all about how to speed read people's intentions and things of that nature uh. So if you have these color codes of combat from jeff cooper you have the predator prey switch from kevin secure you have your own martial arts skills and you you've pre-thought out the level of responses for each of those color codes in the combat system now all you need to do is have a way to scan your your environment and know what condition you're at at any given moment and. So the two places i would look. For that is left of bang and.

Then my good friend chase hughes has a little mini course he put out for law enforcement on how to spot aggressive potential aggression before it happens i would take those and integrate them as as your way of kind of having more situational awareness. So that's kind of how i would look. At it from a from a professional perspective okay. You have your your your color code of combat which tells you what level of force to respond with you have your predator prey switch that you can practice flipping on and off at will and you have your situational awareness training.

So you know at any given moment what color code you're at. So i hope that helps uh alessandra says hi david i have a question about feelings of lack of deserviness i always end up approaching people that are less attractive because i don't feel like i deserve better how can i work on this uh any of the anything in the identity by design silo will significantly help you do get through that and. Then what you want to do is you want to take the the techniques that we teach in attraction mastery and layer those over top of what we teach you an identity by design or self mastery supercharger and what you'll find out very very quickly is you'll not only develop the inner game to realize that you actually are worthy and deserving because by definition a person who spends time learning how to be a great partner is more deserving of a great partner than somebody who who doesn't invest in that. So by the very definition of you asking the question shows that you're somebody who wants to be a better person which means you're more deserving already right.

But generally speaking the interesting thing is the people who are actually deserving of good partners are usually the ones who don't think they are and. So they ask for help which proves that they're the right. Kind of people the people who think they're already god's gift to the man or woman you know whatever um they're not the ones who show up for class if they're gonna get a sense. So the more you educate yourself on how to be a great partner the more deserving you become right.

The question becomes how do you move through the world exuding a sense of presence that that flags you as somebody worthy to get to know that's where the outer techniques that we teach in attraction mastery or secrets of speed attraction or soulmate secrets can really help. So i hope that helps you also secret orgasm tips which is again a whole other a whole other level of training. So let's see anthony caruso most popular musicians aren't the ones writing their material okay. Brook.

T. So famous boxing good said fear is a tool that can be used for aggression and for an assassin structure said not to be aggressive as its different side of fear conflicting yes. And no. One of the things that that a good systemic practitioner is teaching you how to do is remove the fear from your body as much as possible because what happens is the more fear we have the the more limited our response is to aggression the idea isn't again to to if you go through classical systemic training or even like with kevin who's i really really i think kevin is probably kevin's probably the best uh systema instructor i've run across because he's always about pressure testing and the idea behind system is you start off with at levels that are minimally provocative until your your set point your baseline for a neurological arousal recalibrates and.

Then you step it up again and. Then you step it up again and. Then you step it up again while at the same time the soft work the internal work is designed to teach you how to become aware of the fear in your body and how to systematically remove it and recover when [ __ ] goes south and the idea behind that is is that the more fairy activity you remove from your system the more behavioral flexibility and combat flexibility you you regain and. So when you're when you're operating from fear your your your scope of of response is very limited when you're operating from this other other place that system is trying to get you to you're operating from a very different level of body awareness it's amazing the intelligence that's locked into your body.

But in order to get to it to allow to express itself you have to actually remove the pent-up built up fear and the trigger that puts you into fight or flight and how to get out of it once uh once you get pushed into it and that's where a lot of a lot of systemic internal work is really focused right. You know soft work is great i love software. But if you don't ever step up the intensity all you're doing is play fighting and you're not dealing with that that your system likes to always have when you're training they always want to have you right. On that edge of being overwhelmed that that's where they want you to be because it's by it's by staying right.

On that edge of overwhelm where you're here you're you're performing at optimal you're slightly out of your league and learning how to slowly raise that's what that's what a lot of the soft work and the breath work and all these weird things you see him doing is about and at the end of the day i don't really care which martial arts system you practice if you incorporate that kind of work into what art you're doing you're going to be better because fear no. Longer controls you right. But there's a lot of systems that they they say basically hey fight or flight's gonna happen we can't control it we can't predict it let's just use it right. And.

So there are systems like i think crab is probably one of the better ones that really uh talks about this this is what's gonna happen this is worst case scenario let's harness it and use it right. At the end of the day it doesn't really matter does it work for you right. And what is it you really want to do with your art if to be honest with you if all i have if all my martial arts gave me was the ability to fight i'd have been out of it years ago i really would have. But something about certain martial arts disciplines triggered something in me that made me start asking a lot of questions and over time i got other arts not necessarily marshall.

But other types of arts triggered that same kind of questioning response in me and i kept digging and i kept digging and i kept digging and these are the answers i found and if they work for you and they and you can you can apply them great if not find something that does you know not not everything works for everybody right. But i hope that that kind of answers the question a really tough questions today i like this um let's see. But fear is absolutely fear is absolutely an energy that can be used and many arts do use it martin says i had no. Idea you were filming this evening david i've really been focused on pattern interruption work these past few months because i've been helping men and women with severe relationship jealousy issues okay.

Cool uh see braley says i love cheese a little wine i've used that joke a few times uh let's see here uh martin is saying lack of reliable advice and support for the psychological aspects and habits caused by it is astounding they get more judgment than sport i would believe that's true um david xavier is saying i read a book. By helene hadsell from the 70s claiming that she won most of the lottery contest she entered using manifestation techniques does it work that way or was he just selling your book. David i don't know i i honestly don't know um i don't i'm not familiar with the author i'm not familiar with the book. Um all i can say is take your techniques apply them if they work for you.

Then she's telling the truth if they don't work you're either missing something or she's full of [ __ ] and it's on a book. Right. Test everything even my stuff right. That's why we call we do real world hypnosis anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason we'll put up or shut up uh let's see smart eyes.

Tv is saying david is not only the best he has a monopoly on higher standards i wanna say i'm gonna click this little blue button you may it may jump i may have to look. For the rest of this again okay. Uh david is not only the best he has a monopoly on higher standards we are lucky to have you okay. Smart eyes.

Thank you. So much that's very kind i'm blushing now god um let's see here um smart life says welcome to became a gold member very cool uh let's see well there's a lot of questions um. So brick t says what new groundbreaking truth or new techniques have you discovered because you do. So much research like a super secret most people won't even think of you know the more i learn the less i know.

But one of the things that i keep that keeps happening over and over and over again the more i look. At the cutting edge neuroscience um and the processes behind it the more i keep finding truth in what the old mystic systems are teaching us. So here's something i'm gonna give you and and you can you can believe it or you cannot believe it. But we talk about image cycling and we talk about color breathing these two methodologies which come from two very different sources are actually part of a much more comprehensive system and once you understand that um you can use it to feel just about any transformation that you want to make and.

So that image cycling for us hasn't been has been around for three or four years in terms of what we do with it at planet david um. But what we can do with it and what it's allowing us to do is nothing short of miraculous in many cases and i still don't think we've scratched the surface of it. So um you know i'm i'm studying a lot of different things at a lot of different at the same time. So i'm spending everything from advanced interrogation techniques advanced communication and bonding trust personality profiling uh advanced oreo medical practices shamanics uh a lot of taoist uh esoteric and microesoteric practices that we're gonna be teaching in costa rica uh in a couple of months um.

But what's happening a lot is i'm getting deeper and deeper and deeper understanding and teachings on things i've been doing for years and that's creating even higher levels of connections in our world and a lot of it is still experimental i don't put stuff out there that i haven't field tested and that doesn't produce a consistent result um. So i've got a lot of stuff that i'm working on. But i'm working on it for me. First because if i can't do it and i can't consistently demonstrate or produce a phenomena um on demand.

Then it's not ready to it's not right. If we talk to you guys yet that makes it i mean because a lot of times we confuse ourselves with the joy of learning and taking in new information with the um the exultation of actually being able to do something they're not the same and you need a lot more repetition and practice to get from learning to facilitating right. And. So that's kind of where we're at and that's why a lot of our systems a lot of the systems that we teach start have the same stuff they're just taught in a slightly different order because it's the same building blocks it's the same truths it's the same nervous system doing it and when you understand that you get a million different different things you can do using the same sets of tools and to me that's what true power is the ability to be effective to make something happen right.

Uh and. So i'm learning stuff um i've got. So many things that are in the queue um. But i have to unfortunately i can't download it like matrix like into my own brain much less yours.

So i have to take the slow path i have to have to test i have to practice and. Then apply and. Then i i you know bits and pieces make it into my my core trainings where they're relevant like yesterday uh. Last week i was teaching uh a module on storytelling and using stories to connect and i brought in some some tidbits from uh counterintelligence which was we talked about the empathic statements and how they fit into stories used for connection and getting people to open up and talk to you again it's the synthesis of these pieces that on the surface don't seem like they're even remotely relatable to each other.

But at the end of the day they're like like a lego right. I have a lego here and a lego here and i can put together like this and i can put it together like this i put together this and i can create new things and. So there will you know whatever at whatever level you are on planet david right. You have some powerful powerful modular lego-like building blocks that you can create if you can conceive of it you can create it using the tools that we have and a lot of times my students come up with [ __ ] i never thought of you know and and that's what's cool.

So you know tell me what you're doing with it in the field and and you know who knows your stuff might make it into one of our books or our products with your name connected to it you know um. So yeah that's kind of my long dissertation on a whole lot of nothing um middle eastern alumni says yeah i listened to a few of the up and coming rappers and this one extension stuck at me because he had a pendulum on his face okay. Not sure where that's coming from uh hello friend hypnosis nlp has some good stuff. But if some of it doesn't line up with neuroscience like yeah again anytime somebody's gonna gonna bash on nlp that's always about the i accessing cues look.

I accessing queues for just enough one person's observation they're okay. 51 of the time most of the time. But i don't i don't rely on it i don't even teach it i mean i teach about it you know. But.

But again you can't take one piece of information and use it to invalidate an entire practice or an entire set of disciplines right. Because by and large everything else other than the i accessing queues has worked something that's a little clunky because it was it was designed back in the 70s which is the problem you know back in the 70s we had to type lines of code just to log on to our computer right. You guys remember this [ __ ] happened before graphic user interfaces. So it's no.

Surprise that a lot of old school nlp reads a lot like 1970s computer code right. Um middle eastern loss is a bit too precise not to be calculated i think it's the labels they signed to a lot of them okay. I'm not sure where that's coming from renee says hi david can you explain love primacy and how to use it yeah. So the law of primacy is something we teach in hidden laws of mental dynamics and basically the law of primacy is when you come into this world you are you are basically a big blank hard drive you have no.

Prior experience you have no. Baselines to compare or contrast anything against and. So any data that is a. First time arriving at the hard drive that is your mind becomes the baseline it becomes the standard by which all things are measured.

So when you come into this world the. First time you you experience anything parental right. Whether it's them arguing or they're loving on you that's locked into your mind as a primary experience and it becomes the standard by which everything else after that is based on right. The law of primacy works hand in hand with the law with the principle we call the law of familiarity which states that the longer an idea has been held by the subconscious mind the harder it is to remove and what does that mean in terms of how primacy and familiarity work together what that means is your brain is always sorting for what's familiar what's been done the most often and been there the longest which is almost always your primary experiences and the things that you do on a consistent basis that's how your neurology orients itself to what's desirable in your world versus what isn't and its primary job is to make your external reality match up with your internal reality right.

That's what it's been doing from the time you were conceived right. So the information that gets there. First has the most power the information that's done most often is the it becomes the base the baseline that your neurology or the the equilibrium point that your neurology is always trying to get back to right. So i hope that helps element at heart says got any help for a person with depression lots color breathing spinning magic frame 20 minutes of walking every day help other people you do those five things it can be impossible for you to be depressed for any length of time that change your posture change your breathing.

So that's seven things um happy thoughts i gotta find someone to hit oh okay. Any volunteers oops hold on a. Second i just almost killed my computer oh there we go okay. Let's see uh david how do you feel about dhea as a vitamin booster and for energy and can it cause too much of a change in females i don't know enough about it to tell you one way or the other the actual person to probably talk to about that would actually be my wife dawn she probably she's got to be she's got the phd in biochemistry nutrition and the whole nine yards.

So i would i would defer to her on that i don't know enough about the aga um to to really comment one or the other see bradley says it is when you use your hands to face them with your hand and move it in a wavy motion around their eyes. Okay. So that's explaining it to somebody else used extensively in systema um maggie says i used to be able to tickle my daughter without i can do i can do all kinds of weird [ __ ] without touching i've actually demonstrated it in my hypnosis classes uh the problem the problem with it is not that it's not that it's not it's not a real phenomena the problem is is that there's too many variables for it to be something you should base your entire system of self-defense around and that's the problem that's actually why i stopped teaching a lot of no. Touch work um actually in the 90s i used to i was like you know fun thing about teaching nine-year-olds how to do no.

Touch stuff is they they don't have a they don't have a belief system that says you can't. So it's easier for them to do it the problem was once people started seeing that they didn't want to punch and kick anymore they didn't want to practice takedowns they want to practice joint locks they want to practice break falls they just want to do jedi [ __ ] and wave their [ __ ] hands well that [ __ ] doesn't work unless you've got the other stuff you need that other stuff. First to build up the energy source the intentional detention delivery mechanism and the willingness and the ability to hit to hit and to take a hit if those things aren't in place only about a. Third of the population is going to be susceptible to you why because they're natural stimulus okay.

I believe there's a lot of neurological sensitivity to this and a lot of it also goes to how well trained you are right. How much state control you have okay. There's a lot of variables to it that only good solid martial arts training will give you no. Amount of qigong no.

Amount of um you know mantras is going to do it alone you need the you need all of the allen elements and if you don't have all the elements you're [ __ ] pardon my french all right. I know a lot of good black girls who didn't understand this and pooh-poohed me when i tried to teach them about it and they wanted to get broken ribs busted noses because they thought their jedi [ __ ] deflections were something other than what they are now again don't get me wrong it's a real phenomena. But we need to study what's actually going on. So we can make that phenomenon more consistent know when it's applicable and when it isn't and most people aren't willing to do that they just aren't okay.

Mostly because their teachers don't know it either and teachers are parroting what uh what their teachers told them which is almost always legend and stuff like that. So you gotta test and test and test everything right. But i really believe you know i know i know for a fact this phenomenon is real i just think there's a different mechanism at work which doesn't invalidate the phenomena. But it does give us some tools at least that maybe we can start to find ways to raise the success rate of it right.

But i think it all be you still have to be willing and able to fight i really believe that if you want to be able to tap into that. So um they usually freeze and follow her yep i once i shouldn't say this this is just me this is back in my dar snyder days and i didn't really know the ramifications of what i was doing there was one kid in my class one time who was just a just a brat unfortunately for him he was also highly suggestible. So one day he was just bratting off and i'd like he'd say that one more time i'm gonna give your bladder the biggest squeeze it's ever had he's like oh yeah right. I went and he went and you could see him trying to hold it and.

Then about two minutes. Later he ran to the bathroom mirror neurons are a wonderful thing if your state is right. Okay. Um let's see here.

So red burn my holster says david i'm a student and i usually sleep around 10 hours. But i have an exam coming up. So i need more time during the day. So please suggest something to reduce sleep and sustain productivity you can use hypnosis to compress 10 hours of sleep and do a few hours of sleep it's very it's a very common practice.

So you might want to just google um you know sleep um constant i forget what i don't i forget what the actual word is that they use. But you can use hypnosis to buffer that and create a 10 hour a 10 hour day and a couple hours of sleep i i did that with one of my students zach one time crishid body says does dancing work uh don't know what that means. But that's all right. Ask a better question i'll give you a better answer uh power of incarnation sorry i'm new to this.

But what is manifestation i've heard some saying it's suggestion like auto hypnosis others say something else like actually affecting stuff outside of your own behavior manifestation is another way of saying magic it's the ability to make to bring something into into your reality whether you do it through hard work or whether you do it through sending a message to the universe and the universe serendipitously meant it brings that thing into your life it's it's basically creating reality in conformance to the will and the imagination notice i say will and imagination because imagination is actually stronger than well 99 of the time okay. In the untrained person imagination rules um baram ha says hey grace good to see you uh talking about vibrational influence course once you've mentioned that you can get rapport with elementals or elements in the universe what can you do with that what did you mean exactly well to understand what you can do with it you have to understand what it is rapport is a a phenomenon of connection it's a bridge of sameness between you and something else usually it's you in another nervous system it's the same mechanism whether you're doing it interpersonally or trans personally and what happens is when that bridge is built vibrational data vibrational information from one source to another is transmitted back and forth and the longer that connection is in place the more alike the two ends of that of that bridge become and as they become more and more alike they start taking on the attributes of the other end and. So if you want this using an elemental example if i wanted to learn to get rapport with the fire element i would meditate and concentrate and become as much like fire on a physical mental and emotional level as humanly possible over time that would create a bridge a resonant bridge between me and that frequency of phenomena and after a while information would start to flow back and forth that would change me. But it would also influence the fire this is what happens when human beings get a report like for example you connect with someone else and you start finishing each other's sentences why because your brains entrain and they begin to think in the same way right.

It's the same process that happens when you're watching a movie and you know exactly what the actor is going to say. Next even though you've never seen the show before your brain hasn't trained and it's actually started to predict what's coming and very often it's right. Same thing again rapport is the same no. Matter what direction you aim it at the question is how long do you maintain that connection for the other things to manifest and a lot of your chi stuff your ikey stuff your taiji stuff is actually a phenomenon of an application of advanced report maybe not report with that person.

But report with something higher or transpersonal to it. But that's what that's what really is doing and. So once you once you have that experience once you have that manifestation in your body you and the fire element or you and the other person are basically one unit if you've ever seen me on video where i i basically hold on something i just give somebody a little hug on their arm and. Then i just gently touch their arm and i i bend my knees and they bend their knees too and right.

Where i bend over and they bend over i take a step and they follow me i'm not pulling them i'm not manhandling them in any way i'm the boundaries the permeability between their neurology and mind. So that we're no. Longer david and this other person we're now one entity and one intention is controlling that common center and if i keep that. Then i'm not trying to move the other person i'm actually just moving myself.

Then their neurology their mirror neurons will pick up that intention and mirror what i do in advanced ikea a lot of what you're doing is actually that same phenomenon except as you move as you move the integration between you and the opponent which is basically one person their part of that movement puts them in a position where they can no. Longer maintain their stability and their structure and they fall in a hole actually a lot of what a lot of ikey outside of the rapport connection and the work connect report connection and conductivity is actually trickery it's tricking somebody into moving to a certain position that they can't escape from and. Then using the forces of nature right. Like gravity inertia centrifugal and centripetal force.

But anytime you find yourself pulling or pushing on somebody in an ikey type of a format you're actually doing it wrong. So just putting that out there again a lot of martial arts questions today. So it's kind of interesting i think the universe is trying to tell me something what do you think uh let's see here cronopia 097 says hi david any specific process you'd recommend to help a 14 year old on the autism spectrum dealing with pulling her own hair while you've got a one-two combination there a lot of it would depend on how far into the spectrum they are and how able they are to follow instructions the. First thing i would say to you is learn color breathing learn energy spinning and learn the magic frame technique the transformational triad make them as much of a game as humanly possible do them on things that aren't as severe as the trichotillomania.

So that they get used to playing and having a result and. Then focus on um the trichotillomania's source trichotillomania is a phobia it's a fear uh and. So most of that those repetitive obsessive behaviors are always fear-based. So there's something that they're trying to control and it's usually a fear or an obsession or something like that.

So you have to go back to some other again if you're not if you're not familiar with like our identity by design process or regression technologies you should probably at the very least watch some of those videos if not come to the class because. Then you can really help the person uh. But most of our technology the degree to which we can help somebody is largely based on their willingness to follow our instructions if they can follow our instructions i don't care what level the autism spectrum they're on if they can follow the instructions we can help them okay. Um.

But if they can't are unwilling to follow our instructions. Then what we have is limited at least at this point unless you're gonna go metaphysical and. Then i would i would resort back to uh image cycling and maybe some um like chronic healing has some really good uh there's a there's a book. Out there put out by the chronic healing organization called super brain yoga which has proven really really well for kids with learning disabilities and on the autism spectrum that well i don't think it'll necessarily fix the trichotillomania.

But it may impact the autism enough that they can they can they can follow along more effectively. So that's kind of where i would start for that psych k timmy says identity by design style is life-changing best training ever thank you timmy i miss you i miss you i still want to go back to europe uh. Anyway uh let's see see bradley says i really appreciate you feeling my question my pleasure man that's what i'm here for right. You guys are the reason i do what i do right.

Um and again if you like content please like share tell people about what we do learn the techniques do them with other people tell them where you got it and just keep spreading the words just pay it forward right. There's a whole world out there that needs you i can't do it all myself right. Fix yourself get your [ __ ] right. Go out and help other people get their [ __ ] right.

And help to pay it forward that's what it's all about right. Get smart quick says hey david nice room thank you uh let's see here. So brick he says how can you go into such a violent trance or state that you fight despite extreme pain from any injury from the past or recent attacker when you get hit and naturally have it and actually have an unconscious okay. I think you're asking me two different questions here brick uh many people when they uh they lose control of their state they lapse into a fight or flight berserk kind of a rage and in that moment their pain tolerance goes way up.

But. Then again they're just as likely to attack friends as well as bad guys um you can also hypnotically train train this and system actually trains you to stay in your stay in your control of your mind while your body is free-flowing as well. So i'm there's a there's a few i think there's a few different questions that you're trying to ask me there. So i think if you can clarify the questions i can give you a better answer simon not a question just to say i've discovered your videos in the.

Last week and loving them many thanks from the uk many thanks how do you do that hard thing i'll go figure that is that right. Did i do the heart right. Love my uk folks get smart says nice vest thank you you can actually get this one on amazon just type in uh license our lost girls dyson vest diy sln you'll see it come up and you can get some of them support them they do a great they do great work uh let's see here echo valuable station. So blueprint fitness channel david thank you for everything how do you make someone think something is their idea this could be done this could be for doing things for you showing up for a cert for you in a certain way going out of their way three ways you can do it uh i'll give you i'll give you there's two ways really um before you start getting uh all darth vader-ish.

First and foremost criterion values listation emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist that's going to be the fastest way if they have resistance to doing what you want them to do. Then what you want to do is you want to hit them with the resistance removal protocol. First and. Then do a criteria an emotional bonding checklist on the reason they generate for doing what you wanted them to do okay.

We call that when you combine those two processes that way we call that a criteria lock because it literally locks in the emotional payoff that they get for doing the thing that they just said they didn't want to do okay. So again emotional bonding checklist resistance removal formula or integrate them into one thing and you'll be able to do that um and actually we did that not too long ago i think we did it on one of our mastermind. So if you go back through the mastermind archive or some of the amas uh you may actually find where we've actually talked that uh see here. So quite a question is vladimir vazilia lineage of systema good most of the teachers i've worked with came from that lineage initially and.

Then went their own ways. So yeah i think vladimir. First time my wife saw vladimir she was like she was drooling because his mechanics were. So good uh i think vladimir is an exceptional uh an exceptional systema practitioner and most of the good teachers i've worked with come from his lineage.

So you know the apple doesn't fall far from the tree the question is you know what direction are you taking what you have you know um he's gotten a little bit more controversial over the years mostly because of the the no. Touch stuff. But for people who don't understand systema um it's very easy to get the wrong impression and and a lot of times um they've emphasized certain things for commercial reasons over other things which don't have the same in my opinion again this is strictly my opinion that may not have the same level of martial value as i do commercial value. So.

But there's also a lot of other non-vasilia or riyapko lineage instructors out there um kagashnikov systema is another version that's not systemic or not uh not the vasilia lineage per se um there's also some cossack-based or some old folk systems of systema that are very very good um what's his name if you google systema homo homoludens systema s-y-s-t-e-m-a homo h-o-m-o ludens uh there's another practitioner who's originally from the visit of the lineage. But he went and created what he called the playing man system which is what homologues means playing and he has some really really good stuff i i got the chance to train with him and kevin succor uh at the same time many many years ago in montreal and he was absolutely brilliant he looks like his big deal brenner dude um and normally i know his name like like i know my own and it's just not coming to me right. Now and i really hate that because i really like the guy um. But yeah there's there's there's some good there's some good people out there right.

Uh fight flight is freeze yeah he dope uh let's see here what is the best state to be in for manifestation playful anything playful is going to have a higher probability of manifestation than anything else and non-attachment create it let it go grace says i love the way david dresses well thank you i'm a little casual today um let's see here ladies say guys i didn't i think i didn't explain my issue right. I'm not trying to change a miniplane. But looking for a way to communicate better with him again the fastest way to ethically communicate and get people on your side is the emotional motivation checklist the emotional bonding checklist and the resistance rule formula that's going to get get you there faster than anything and i've tested it okay. Let's see here my biggest problem is that i have all this great information on how to get over my anxiety just don't know where to start start with the perk for the.

First thing that pops into your head let me give you guys a really quick and dirty primer on how to start changing your own mind and body the. First thing you have to do is you have to establish a community a bridge for communication between your conscious mind and your reptile brain notice i pointed to two different areas up here is the neocortex right. In the middle is the mammalian brain and at the center at the base is the reptilian brain the neocortex is the youngest part of you it's the part of you that thinks in language that comes up with rationalizations and things like and and creates expectations the problem is is that when we try to dialogue with our own nervous system we we process it through the filter of the conscious mind and the dynamics of unconscious responses are not the same as the dynamics of a conscious response. So get a pencil get a paper i'm going to give you six things to remember to always keep in mind whenever you're doing self-work okay.

This is true when you're dealing with other people because you all have the same nervous system you just use them a bit differently. But you all have the same dynamics the unconscious mind will always answer you. First guaranteed we'll always answer. First many times non-verbally.

So you have to be very aware of multi-level communication number two it's always going to tell you the truth it always answers honestly okay. Always answers. First always answers honestly b or c always feels like you're making it up because the part of me that controls all these different subjective aspects of you is also the part that makes things up and. So when the unconscious mind answers you it has the same feeling to it that's the same qualities.

But you can't let that fool you the fact that you think you're making it up is actually a sign that it's the right. Information. But if you buy into the dialogue from your neocortex. First thing that's going to happen is something's going to come up this little voice says oh that can't be right.

Well the minute you find yourself going oh that can't be right. You know it's right. Because it's coming from a different part of you. So unconscious mind always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up and d you always have an urge to edit what just came up the moment something comes up little voice in your head says oh that can't be right. And you start to change it this is what it actually is the moment you find yourself going that can't be right. This is what it actually is or what i actually meant to say or think that's that's that's d anytime those characteristics come up you know you're dealing with the right. Information the answer you got.

First was the honest answer and it's the one you need to work do your work off of it's never gonna be loud okay. Many times in the in from the off there's an old saying that the conscious mind shouts the unconscious mind whispers right. The true information that you need is almost always going to feel like it's in the background like it's quiet or off in the distance and the reason it has that quality isn't because it's weak it's because it's deep metaphorically speaking it's deep in the neurology and that's where that information is coming up from and. So it has a very weak distant quality to it.

But it doesn't mean it's weak it means it's deep. So again trust the information right. For those of you that watched our. Last uh hidden laws of attraction women are i talked about the difference when you do affirmations between that big positive feeling you get when you state the affirmation and that little icky niggy naggy feeling in the background that little icky naggy feeling is actually the stronger feeling because it's the older one and it's the deeper one remember primacy and familiarity guess what's been there the longest and the strongest guess what's going to win.

So you got when those freaky naggy feelings in the background come up you've got to chase them down and you got to nuke them if you want your affirmations to work if you haven't watched the. Last webinar i gave a mother load of information and a great package for you to take your skills to the. Next level if you do nothing else at least binge watch the webinar and do the drills and prove this stuff to yourself if you want to up if you want to level up in life and you want to you know grab you know when the webinar packages you might have to call stephanie and negotiate with her to get one. But maybe that's what you need maybe it isn't um grace says isn't it wrong to interfere with someone else's free will it's almost impossible to interfere with someone else's free will that's a very provocative statement it really is because the end of the day any information you provide to a nervous system that isn't a under the effects of drugs at gunpoint or some other form of coercion that person can choose to accept it or not accept it the question becomes are they engaging in the level of critical analysis and critical thinking necessary to realize they have a choice and act upon it most people simply aren't most people simply aren't you know one of my other more colorful mentors used to say i wouldn't and i didn't he said this not me he said i wouldn't worry about going around um compromising other people's free will because most people have none and unfortunately um it's true enough to be true it's true enough to be true right.

Um let's see here uh see yeah um david is always fully vested yes. I am uh average american here anxiety i used to be incredibly anxious you're hilarious okay. Let's see um christian flora says thank you. So much for this life you're very welcome you're very welcome um let's see here when you say archives do you mean through your you through youtube or website uh to both really there's a good chunk of our early early uh masterminds on our website on in behind the page section uh there's a a mid-range set of archives on our private mastermind facebook.

Group and. Then everything since about 20 2020 maybe is archived also on the platinum level and the gold level and the diamond level of the um of the youtube channel. So yeah lioness of gaia that was great i learned a lot in the. Last webinar thank you good good good lindsey how do you gain your own free will you gain your own free will by becoming progressively more self-aware this is something i teach all my persuasion and influence students and it's something that is is part and parcel of my job as a teacher my job as a teacher is to empower you to give you the skills and the abilities to go and create the life that you want and the most the.

First most fundamental phenomena that has to manifest to make that happen is i must. First make you more aware more aware of yourself more wherever the world you live in more of the world more aware of the world of social and cognitive dynamics more of the where of the people around you and the reason for that is is because without awareness there is no. Choice understand that without awareness you have no. Choice anything that is outside of your awareness is outside of your control and just because you're unaware of it does not mean it's not affecting you.

So my job is to shock you provoke you give you experiences that pull the scales from your eyes. And allow you to experience an aspect of reality that you didn't even know was there or you you suspected was your head. But had no. Way to touch or tap into and once you have those those experiential moments the awareness kicks in and it becomes very very hard to go back to being asleep and there can there's always going to be another level of awareness to go to.

But if you want free will you must become more aware because choice is the essence of free will without awareness there is no. Choice without awareness there is no. Free will and that's about all i have to say about that right. Uh how many times a day and the best time for magic frame and spinning techniques well hold on a.

Second i skipped a few let me i'll i'll answer that question i promise um what techniques can help me work with anxiety during the day spinning magic frame and color breathing your thought on using image psych and to manifest reconciliation with a strange loved one's not sure how to approach this as hands-on healing. So you do not include other people okay. First of all um image cycling does not have the same limitations as what other teachers impose on hands on healing. Second of all um here's what i would do i would use image cycling to change yourself.

So that you become the person that they want to reconcile with there is absolutely no. Prescription or prohibition or wrongness with becoming with creating change that way if you try to impose change on somebody who doesn't want it it may stick or it may take. But. Then according to bill a lot of times the change doesn't stick they'll change and.

Then they'll find a way to screw it up. But there's no. Rule in the universe that says you can't change your personal reality to one where they actually come in as part of your reality they come in and do a reconciliation you are literally the center of your own universe and you have absolutely right. Privilege and authority to make any change in your universe that you want.

So that's another way to facilitate reconciliations by becoming somebody who is actually lives in reality where reconciliation is not only possible. But inevitable right. That's i actually learned that in kabbalah of all places believe it or not um sandro fubler says healing work question i have found that integrated manual feeling with breath work is important what mom's mom's state do you encourage for clients i don't know what a mom state is if you can explain what a mom state is i might be able to help you that benny b how to handle social anxiety spinning magic frame color breathing identity by design cello. So tyrus welcome my friend hey dave and my friend what's up quick question what's your opinion on kids nowadays just playing forever on their tablets and stuff rather than the more old school outdoor activities what would you recommend well that hits both close to home because i have kids that do nothing all day.

But play on their computer and i hate it. But until you can create an environment that is more seductive and more exciting and more enticing than the virtual one is something you're gonna have to deal with you know um anything you gotta remember that a lot of the software especially the games the youtubes everything online is designed to trigger a dopamine oxytocin response which creates addiction and. So people become very very addicted to their computers if you can keep them if you can keep them away from the computer for a long enough period of time for them to dry out and create environments that are exciting in real life. Then i don't think you have the same kind of problem.

But you know right. Now especially you know kova did a number on all of us because covet forced even people who were like outgoing and outdoorsy and active it forced. So many people to become laptop potatoes you know um and it's gonna be a while it's gonna take a while for us to recover that non that offline side of our lives you know and a lot of the problem is because the virtual world actually made things a lot easier for us in a lot of ways. So i think virtual learning is here to stay um.

But again do i you know i don't think it's good i think you need to ration how much time kids spend on their laptops on their cell phones on any kind of device. But. Then you have to be willing to. But.

Then you see because kids are sneaky because i got them right. They will find ways to get access to that stuff right. So you've got to really you know if you're going to set up a set of rules or set of boundaries you've really got to monitor it because they will find ways to get more. So bell91 says what is the most effective way to hypnotize yourself pretend you're hypnotized already it's actually the best way to do it um egr nhl how many times a day and the best times for magic frame and spinning techniques arguably the best times for spinning in magic frame are when you're waking up in the morning and when you're going to sleep at night and the reason for that is is because as you go to sleep your brain processes what you're thinking about as you as you pass through those phases of sleep and.

So you get more brain focus on that stuff right. At bedtime and right. When you're getting up. Then at any time now that being said you can do spinning magic frame or um color breathing anytime you need to and that's honestly what i would do whenever i feel the need to do it i do it you know.

But in terms of our daily allotment as you go to bed when you wake up in the morning i get a lot of juice when i when i'm in that twilight state as i'm waking up in the morning i actually get a lot more access to my internal neurology and resources functioning in that theta alpha state um than at any other time. So those are the times i would recommend in terms of your diurnal cycles or circadian rhythms um see here liam what are you asking me here buddy david what are you currently working on tech i already answered that question you should go back and watch the earlier the earlier um segment of today i'm working on a lot of dallas techniques a lot of different magical forms from shadow magic to thunder magic i'm working on deepening my understanding of the kuji inn and the hand seals that are used in taoism i'm also studying um what they call sigil making from the dallas perspective and i'm learning. So much about that it's insane uh also i'm doing is i'm looking at uh weather magic feng shui from a dallas sorcery perspective dallas magical perspective now from the oh let's make our house more uh more more predifying right. Although that's an aspect of it there's a lot more to feng shui than that.

But it doesn't that's never made it outside of certain circles. So i'm doing a lot of generic research into these different areas finding the little radioactive nuggets that i can bring out and integrate with the systems that we already have. So that we create a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and it's really been it's been a really interesting journey. But right.

Now there's no. Really new techniques per se. But we are getting deeper more clear ways to to facilitate and implement our current body of technique which i think is absolutely cool um let's see here berker says create awareness lindsay says yes. I really need this pedro says doctor do you make events teaching on dating and erratic hypnosis and how to get women i think you mean orgasms the short answer is yes.

I do um the class is always taught in las vegas um. So one class and all my classes just. So you know pedro all of my classes are co-ed. So i teach women how to do this stuff to men usually much more powerful than i teach men to do to women right.

Because i want to empower both genders. But the short answer to your question is yes. I do um bell 90 is it 9l or 9i follow up when you or a client has abandonment programmed in what is the. First thing you would recommend as a patent interrupt as a patent interrupt i don't i don't think that i would use a pattern in a round um i would actually regress the cause.

But i would start. But i would probably start to prime the pump and prime their neurology by using uh spinning magic frame and color breathing and. Then use that uh maybe a modified safe place induction affect bridge to the initial sensitizing event and reprocess the experience there that would be that would be my approach of choice. Then he's asking about social anxiety what specifically benny spinning magic frame color breathing canoe also posture and breathing control i have your webinar package they go overall go over how to be more aware yes.

It's built into the training you can't not go through the training and not become more self-aware right. Starts with a point to where you feel it all just gets deeper from there sandra says i meant to say mind state okay. Um any alpha theta state is going to be good. But any time you start doing manual work the body is going to dip into an alpha theta state.

Anyway they're going to start they're going to start uh dumping oxytocin and maybe some dopamine. So they're going to be in a profoundly altered state as a byproduct of the manual work um. So you can just layer in suggestions or when they start if they start to add reactions you're working on a specific area that has a strong emotional charge locked in the tissues um. Then you can start to do like um what we call a decision tree which is basically are you alone with people inside or outside daytime or night time and their.

First their. First responses will give you what's actually locked in those tissues. But i wouldn't be attempting anything like that unless you're already trained in regression and or identity by design techniques okay. We're coming up on the 90 minute mark um i'm gonna have to jump off pretty soon.

But i've kind of like three or four more questions hello jedi master where are you learning dallas practices from uh several sources right. Now i'd rather not say which ones they are until i um kind of locked it into myself the military uses video games for training military's video games interesting life is like a big video game and what's up yes. They actually use it for uh trauma rehabilitation actually or not no. Snap surprise ama set the time by device at the internet around okay.

You can do that color breathing is different from spinning yes. Do you have a book. Out no. I do not i have unless you count the manuals i've written for my courses those are technically books um how do i become more likable in under a week read the book.

The like switch by dr jack safer and get um and get killer influence secrets of covert hypnotic influence to get those two books you're going to be an amazingly cool person to hang out with liam very interested in where to start looking into dallas magic you're speaking of is it similar to vibrational healing techniques yes. And no. The daoist stuff is infinitely more complex and not nearly as fast i'll tell you that right. Up the one thing i'm discovering right.

Now is with a lot of these taoist techniques they're actually really slow what we do is 100 times faster right. Which is why i think the universe is making me study the dallas stuff now because i think we needed to have the actual engines of transformation that the dallas are tapping into in order to understand the other stuff they're doing that's that's how i'm thinking about it right. Now um danke is asking how to be congruent advertising healing on one knee when one needs their own healing too well there's a belief that because you have [ __ ] you got to work on that you're not qualified to work on other people's [ __ ] it's just not true right. That's like saying uh you can't be a great football coach if you've never been good at football well there's been some great football coaches who are average players at best you know remember if there's something you're drawn to fix and that person is drawn to you to fix it there's a spiritual reason behind it.

So just remember you've got nothing to lose by help by by doing your best to help them and you'll often times you'll wind up helping yourself by helping that other person nadine anna says my ex has the same character as my mom and he treats me the same way they both make me feel neglected how can i heal that one regress the cause regress the cause re-parent the experience repairing your life create an alternate reality movie breathe it through your body to decorate the system and change your genetic memory and the charge is connected to it and you'll be on your way also you're gonna have to because you're dealing with again old patterns you're gonna have to actually spend some time at the primacy level and the familiarity level rebuilding formative experiences hold on a. Second okay. And let's see here coming into the home stretch [Music] liam says i'm okay. With slow consistent work i like the challenge how to lose weight by hypnosis lots of different ways to do that um hypnotic weight loss is actually not my specialty i think i may be in my entire 15-year career i've actually had a hypnotic weight loss client company specifically for hypnotic weight loss maybe three and they were relatively successful.

But that's not my my specialty my specialty is actually pretty much true any form of chronic illness or trauma based pathologies in terms of clinical work um. But again i would i would start with regress to cause i would remove any reasons they had for gaining the weight i would reprogram their appetite. So that they they're twice as satisfied with a quarter of half of the food i would do mental rehearsal i would give them post-hypnotic suggestions and. Then i would monitor their behavioral change over the course of several weeks to see that they're moving towards that okay.

And. Then and. Then based on how rapidly or consistent they are with with their progress. Then i would make changes or make additional recommendations as far as other things to add into their regimen should i get divorced i can't answer that i i will not answer that question right.

Um help others in self work teach the more you teach the better the stuff you're going to get where can we learn more about the proprioceptive grid best place to learn about the proprioceptive grid is identity by design whether in person or um by class and you know get the course. But identity by design is where we go you know no. Pun intended balls deep into uh into the proprioceptive grid and. Then we build on that in vibrational healing vibrational influence hidden laws of attraction and regression.

But you you get your your real primer on it your real full indoctrination and training on the proprioceptive grid in identity by design um kita is ptsd curable hundred percent one thousand percent curable kryptori was updated good to see you i have a high sex drive how do i transfer that energy to other parts of my life focus on the feeling turn it into a color decide what aspect of your life you want that energy to be allocated to ask your higher mind if my higher mind could send me a feeling of frequency of color or vibration that would transform this sexual energy into the energy of x y z what color would it send me imagine a brilliant ball that energy floating above your head fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through you into that ball of sexual energy and watch it transmute and transform and. Then bring it up to the energy center that is relevant to the area you want to play with and spread it out into the world and just let it flow and. Then follow your instincts that's uh you know basic way to do it liam says ibd was the most transformational centered class i've ever ever had the pleasure to attend yes. And you were amazing you all that was identity by design in general is really amazing.

But the. Last time we did it was just the the people in that class were just. So on fire i was really having a proud papa moment you guys did awesome uh cynthia holly says keita as someone who has ptsd david's work has been a huge blessing for me and that it is not healed. But greatly lessened in that it is not only healed.

But it's greatly lessened and still working on what pops up. So um sun page 321 your suggested kabbalah resources ideas for images associated with embodying states for image cycling i would go with whatever and this is important whatever metaphorically epitomizes the transformation to you on a personal level that's what you use if you can merge that with something that has an archetypal symbol symbolism together i think you're going to have the best of both worlds. But if i have to choose i start with my own personal symbology for everything within what your nervous system creates your nervous system accepts okay. And and i haven't found a human being on the planet where that hasn't been true.

So i hope that helps chuck summer says i was in a hockey slump and started spending an hour meditating and visualizing for the game i spent time seeing myself on the ice making amazing plays i turned my game around fast yes. Classic mental programming classic mental programming uh amy guys says in music shopper location as a way of being aware of the different spiritual awareness is using chakra location as a way of being aware of the different spiritual awareness within the sections of the body actually effective it can be uh my particular practice and series of practices is not reliant on the chakra system it probably activates and stimulates them. But it's not centered on activating a particular chakra i believe if you if you engage in the application that you that that needs that chakra to be effect to be active for it to work you'll automatically um by osmosis or osmotically activate that shock rather than specifically activate the chakra if that makes any kind of sense i would rather develop the chakra through application than i would by just doing chakra work. But they're not mutually exclusive let's see here what program would you recommend for ptsd for you the question becomes do you want to do this yourself or do you want other people's help to do it what work of yours is best for healing trauma identity by design and real world trauma resolution or regression what's my opinion of ross jefferies in speed seduction i've made that opinion several times um and uh i don't think i really need to revisit it here um i think ross ross is kind of a mixed bag you know he's done a lot of good things uh and some not.

So great things and you know i think he's definitely earned his place in history. So side flake opal resources for hermetics that are easier to understand than the originals good question um there's a book. That my students like called the backdoor into hermetics i haven't fully read it. But they said it was really good molson410 what teaching skills should be developed to help others with trauma and healing what teaching skill um i would say the art of demonstration the ability to get up in front of a group of people and demonstrate a technique in such a way that it simultaneously installs it in them.

But at the same time teaches them how to do it. So that they feel confident they feel comfortable more comfortable going forward in doing it um 10 thank you for clarifying hello friend hypnosis dr robin and mitch thanks bringing it through the microcosm orbit and it's been boom bam amazing yes. Because micropositivor is actually an image cycling system is actually an image cycling micro technique uh i'm going to move another [ __ ] to another country and leave my comfort zone. But i feel terrified and my fears are very strong how to manage this to feel secure control your posture control your breathing point to where you feel it reach out and touch it frame it spin it color breathe it with what you want instead you'll be done dr david i am that's not grant don't be sorry every i get that question quite often you know it's and again it might my feelings on it are no.

Secret. But some people like to get litigious. So i have to be very careful sometimes as much as i like to think of this as a place where anybody can say what they want there are people who abuse that. So i reserve the right.

To lower the proverbial boom and play wac control on you if that's the case. But your question was not a problem uh ed wong three says dr david i'm certain you're familiar with eft which was developed by engineer gary craig from your perspective do you believe that the skills that you teach is more i said it before and i'll say it again i have great respect for what gary craig brought to the world. But spinning beats frame spinning spinning beats tapping 10 out of 10 times if you don't believe me put an eft person and a spinning person side by side have them work on the same person or two people with the same problem and see what happens which changes faster right. Uh i will say this eft has more clinical studies validating it than spinning does.

So we know it works um. But which is more effective i have my opinion. But i'm biased. So test them both and see which one works for you maybe you may be you may be the.

Next eft guru and you can do things with eft that i never even dreamed of. But from my experience and the experiences of my students uh spinning bees tapping multiple people doing manifestation for the same goal make it more powerful it depends on how you do it um it depends on how you do it you can actually you can have multiple people trying to manifest the same goal. But because of how they're going about it they actually cancel each other out. So you have to be careful with that strikeflex opal back door thanks moose guys okay.

Spinning rules all right. Uh your opinion about placebo you are about the book. [ __ ] i haven't read it i should put that on my list yeah um again i i think yeah not a problem graham it's cool uh hello friend hypnosis can spinning be used more generatively versus oh god yes. You got something you want more of spin it the way that makes it stronger put it back in and you're gonna you're gonna have an explosion in your nervous system a good one yeah there is no.

There is a full you can you can fix [ __ ] or you can make [ __ ] better this is why i say there is. So much more to spinning than what you think right. But anything you want more of you can spin it to make it stronger and better absolutely ptsd for you. Then i would start with self-mastery supercharger or secrets of personality transformation and.

Then i would go into identity by design and. Then real world regression what techniques are best for removing fears and phobias spinning color breathing magic frame regress to cause um i agree with that appraisal dr david what study course or silo trains the student to use the spinning result i start with identity by design 100 if you want to if you want to do therapy work whether it's on yourself and or others i recommend identity by design if you don't have any clinical aspirations at all you never want to work on another human being you can take secrets of personality transformation and have all the tools that you need to fix yourself in a very profound way the guy who wrote sleight of hand had an interesting study he mentioned about placebo i think you're talking about sleight of mouth live the seven uh where is this hey david tomorrow i'm going on market where people don't know what they're selling and you can get cool stuff for low price it's all about negotiating there any advice read chris voss has never split the difference focus on tactical echo or tactical empathy and echo technique criterion value solicitation and i think you'll be you'll be pleasantly surprised what you can get away with uh what's your opinion on creating a control in a client or your own mind to get rid of i think that's perfectly acceptable anytime you call that constructive metaphor anytime you can create a metaphor that a person can interact with to exert control and give instructions to the nervous system i think you're 100 doing what bandler was was implying with design human engineering and what we're doing which is anything the nervous system creates the nervous system will accept brick t can you explain the paradox of opposites attracting and having to be similar today yes. I can um and it's because unfortunately i'm out of time. But if you grab a copy of soulmate secrets or actually.

So many secrets is the only place that i explain that or if you're a member of the mastermind group i actually taught that there are four personality types two of those types are attract like attracts like two of those personality types are complements or opposites attract and a lot of it has to do with the dominance of certain hormonal pathways in your brain. So you have people who are dopaminergic and adrenal adrenergic this is a training church i think i might be getting that. Second run. But they're doping driven and.

Then you have people who are serotonin driven these people are attracted to sameness like attracts like you have people who are estrogeneric estrogenic or um oxytocin not oxytocin um don't mean oxytocin no. Don't mean estrogen testosterone testosterone driven testosterone people are driven for difference estrogen people are driven towards difference. So serotonin and dopamine are sameness testosterone and estrogen-driven people are [Music] like attractive tend to do better with their opposites or compliments okay. If you want to read more about that you can look.

At the book. Why him why her by dr [Music] uh what's her name just type it go to amazon type in ymy her and her book. Will come up uh grant i don't actually know who christopher duncan is. So i can't i can't really uh answer that what do you think of the sedona method to release unwanted feelings i am not really really familiar with the stoner method i know a couple of people who've used it who liked it um i don't know much more than that does knowing hypnosis in nlp make your manifesting more proud it can for sure laura thompson says i think you demonstrate the increased power of spinning in the two-part video that you did with master ed lake it's quite possible that i did i i blew ed's mind at uh i was teaching a killer influence class and.

Then i was teaching a um unlimited lover class and that was at both classes and i showed him stuff with spinning this was back like 10 years almost 10 years ago blew him blew his [ __ ] mind he was he was insane it was insane um any trick to using wave energy masterfully in systema yeah actually um. But i can't i can't talk about it on here because it i need a partner and you need to feel it um yeah i there there's a lot of cool things you could i could teach you about wave energy um. But i can't do it on this format not effectively what work of yours uh real world regression. So what works of yours is best for sexual trauma real world regression uh starting with identity by design uh thank you benjamin uh why him why her was written by dr helen fisher brilliant woman brilliant woman jelena hansen why him i heard very good as a follow-up question on the control room do you have any good resources or courses for that start with identity by design we have a lot of that also if you get a copy of richard bandler's design human engineering a lot of what he does in dhe is about creating um creating control systems in a person's subconscious [Music] do you explain this in a youtube video don't mean it i think i do i don't think i do it on any i don't think i do it on any public youtube videos.

But i've done it several times in in my amas i've done it several times in some of my mastermind groups which mean on the. Third saturday of every month and i've definitely done it in soulmates in all the soulmates classes that i've done it's a relatively new discovery um for me because that's actually there's actually a lot more to it um from a metaphysics perspective. But we start with the physical body and those are the four hormonal pathways that tend to create your personality and. Therefore directly influence your compatibility with other people um what is my opinion about jose silva i think jose silva managed to keep self-hypnosis alive when it was in danger of going the way of the dodo.

So i have tremendous respect for what jose silva taught it's definitely old technology compared to what we have today. But it still works. So brick is asking can you use that wave and systema for sex or digital stimulation techniques the answer is yes. The answer is yes.

You can let's see here kryptori can someone conversation get into ties like how can someone oh that's easy take cpi or killer influence you learn exactly how to do it you'll learn exactly how to do it gentigashi how can i make someone fall in love with me remotely please start with image cycling um yes. Image cycling is probably going to be the best place. But focus on changing yourself to become the person that someone like the person you want to attract can actually fall in love with that would be the to me the fastest way to create that kind of a result for yourself what is my ama my amas are um bi-weekly ask me editing sessions for my platinum and diamond level subscribers on youtube we get together around 4 or 5 p.m on the. First monday and the.

Third monday of every month and for a couple of hours you can ask me anything you want talk to you about anything you want um and i'll do my best to answer you it's done almost exclusively through zoom uh and. Then we upload the content to our youtube channel. But if you want to interact with it it's your chance to actually interact with me in a conversation uh rather than just typing things in a chat like we hear which is the only option we have on youtube here um if we if i could find a way for us to do like we do on zoom to have actual conversations um. Then it would be you know be cool we do here.

But that's what we got um i did it on a podcast too liam says okay. That's probably true nice one this is actually a bulova i got it at macy's uh and it's actually one of the best watches i've owned um considering it wasn't the most expensive watch um seth tells you something chuck some uh there's a question here you did it on the podcast chuck summer says it could be you mess with your power when you shave your goatee like samson and his hair just saying i must have missed something else chuck said earlier. But. Anyway um if they took.

All of your attraction courses bought them what does soulmate secrets go to the other classes don't you know what it goes over more than anything else who who you are what you really want and what really will make you happy in a relationship and how to go about making those changes. So that you know what to look. For you know what to scan for and you have the greatest potential to get in a long-term healthy and happy relationship that's what solely secrets is going to do for you it helps you profile yourself and. Then profile your your potential ideal partners fernando covarruvius what do you think about the book.

How to be three percent i don't i've never read it fernando i can't really comment on it what's your best for public performer uh we have a course called cpi4 charisma and con and conversion and it's hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers probably the best course you can take uh for being an actor uh as well as anybody design you take those two courses identity. But it doesn't actually let me let me rephrase that if you're going to do for the profession of acting you have inner and outer game that you have to deal with. So for inner game i would do self mastery supercharger or identity by design for outer game i would do hypnotic presentation skills uh and for charisma enhancement i'll do killer influence or cpi one that would be that would be my approach which class teaches spinning identity by design real world regression real world trauma resolution hidden laws of attraction uh vibrational influence and vibrational healing they all teach spin do you know about vanessa van impe i love vanessa's work i think her work is great spikebert sedona method is fantastic for releasing old emotions and patterns. But in my honest opinion it sucks for achieving goals okay.

Well okay. I can't comment because i've never used it john says do you know how the minimum amount of time you need to meditate to gain maximum benefits of mindfulness and presence. So i can focus like david snyder in the least no. No.

I don't um for the simple fact is that i've never bothered to time meditation and everybody's neurology is different the way you use it how you use it your neurological predispositions the amount of noise in your neurology the amount of [ __ ] you have to clear that's all very very unique to each person. So one person could probably look. At the technique and in 30 minutes have the secrets of the universe at their fingertips another person may take 30 years and still not get to. First base you can't predict that's why it's important when you do this to take the time limit off because the one thing i do know is the fastest way to slow yourself down is to try to put a time limit on or make it happen faster the more you just engage fully in the process and become completely absorbed in it the more rapidly you're going to see results when you start looking for results you tend to slow yourself down uh we're coming into the home stretch.

So i'm going to have to i'm going to bail in a minute here. But if someone is happy and working towards something. But they don't have purpose lines what does that mean generally that they haven't found the real thing that they there's a reason they're doing what they're doing that's probably going to lead to something else that's a big thing with me a lot of the things i set out to do i thought i was learning them for one reason and in retrospect i learned them for a very different reason i couldn't figure it out any other way. So that's usually what that happens can regress to cause be self-administered to a certain degree yes.

But the best way to get good at self-administered address to cause is to regress a lot of hundreds of other people to cause. First to know the ins and outs and the dynamics of it um can you transform yourself to be somewhere that yes. You can. But you got to work really hard to do it that's why identity by design is.

So important soulmate secret sounds a lot like attraction mastery change sounds like it sounds a lot like attraction mastery changed my life in marriage good perfect uh brent renber says if someone is happy and working towards not okay. I've ever answered that how would someone use spinning to mitigations of breath take it out notice what direction it's spinning find the direction that gives you easier breathing spin it that direction faster and faster and faster until it reaches a point where it's impossible to go back to the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back in and within a few minutes your breathing should completely change um face reading does the length of the line dictate the connectivity significance of how the lesson certain no. When you see a line the longer and deeper it is the older and more more amplitude it has period when did you apply this knowledge in your life when did you apply this knowledge in your life i've been applying it practically from the day i could understand it. So from from the time i was a teenager i've been putting asp you know what i've learned into operations certainly at 18 years old i didn't know half the [ __ ].

Then that i did i do now. But what i did know i was applying always is no. There's no. Book.

I've written about my darts my darts nighter days if not i think it would be an awesome book. Like the game maybe or i get arrested one of the two. Anyway we're shocked because of the people i mentioned in the book. Anyway um thanks.

So much thank you everyone ask the good questions thank you david you're the best and he plans to make your products more mobile friendly they should all be mobile friendly at least our website should be and if they're on if you can get them through the website you should be able to watch them on the website. So. But if you have questions specifically about mobile-friendly content reach out to our support channel and and let them know your request and we'll see what we can do don't give a cloud you make the world a better place thank you that's my goal that's my goal um john says what books are sources do you recommend for those who want to learn all the neurological brain differences between the two start with why him why her that's a good place to start you know how food tastes better when certain people just like the same recipe what do you think i think people's energy actually goes absolutely goes into the food they prepare and the state they're in impregnates the food with that that that vibrational signature in in hermetic terms it's called it's called it's actually called eucharistic healing or eucharistic uh magic abdurah mandaria says dr david do you have recommendations on influence books on influence many many many books it really depends on where you want to go claudia grant have you heard of the body code dr nelson what do you thought i haven't heard of the body code i've heard the emotion code uh i've heard of well this is another book. By dr sarno.

Can't remember. Anyway how accurate is face reading for those of you who are face readers please respond to lindsay's question how accurate is face reading pmac daddy have you had any success helping a multiple personality client with hypnosis yes. Yes. 100.

So far with my one client without mobile personality my experience is at least one personality is demon that's fine i've had satan in my chair a couple of times um. So. Then basically robots can never make better foods than chefs i think that's probably true i think a lot of it also depends on how sensitive the person eating the food is right. John says is it true that in your vibrational influence training you lecture and show people that they were sent here to learn specific lessons now that's golden path that's our golden path training thank you carl uh dr sarno.

The divided money you should make just make a video just explaining what books to read and why that would be a very very long video um. But i'd probably make bank with amazon. But if i had if i actually had an affiliate code for those things and my wife is calling me. So at that point i have to take this and uh head home listen for those of you who did not get your questions answered my apologies i hope you had a good time if you like the ama please like and like this share it ask your questions and i gotta go i love you all good night god bless take care.
