Title: WEBINAR:  Secrets of Human Influence - Psychological Secrets For Getting Anything You Want Faster
File Name: 0lQNJNWI5fs.txt
Video Id: 0lQNJNWI5fs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0lQNJNWI5fs

Probably [Music] configured recording path could not be open please check your recording path under settings output slash recording all right. I should probably share my screen for this because let's see what the [ __ ] going on all right. So. I need to go to.

Output stream is it going through it says stop streaming okay. I guess we should start well should we start recording yeah. I don't do the recording um we'll just call the is it coming through on. YouTube yeah okay.

So we'll just pull it off well. Then. I will get out of this and share we will share something more useful. So what does it look.

Like on. YouTube can you see the secrets of human influence foreign. I don't see my chat the proverbial chat window that came up. Last time.

So. So. I do see it on. YouTube and yeah let's go and you've got a couple of people staying on it.

So okay. Yeah the chat's not coming up for me this time. So you're gonna have to say hi for me you're gonna have to be me dude yeah see if it's just hidden somewhere because it probably has. I like the.

Madden um see if there's like a hidden window there uh don't see it here. I could probably. I can do it this way if. I can if.

I really need to. But. I don't. I don't know if.

I'm going to be able to see that. I'm gonna be able to see most of the chats if. I do it the way. I need to do it for this interface you know what.

I mean if you go down to where it is you right. Click on it and see if if there's another window there right. No. I don't know what you mean hover over the.

OBS on okay. Let's no. It says. OBS.

Studio it says put in a taskbar and close window it's all right. I can get to the chat through the. YouTube interface it's just it's just not as clean. YouTube is not receiving enough video to maintain smooth streaming as such viewers will experience buffering okay.

I don't know exactly what that means. But you know what. I'm gonna have to use. I'm gonna have to use a uh.

I can pop that out that just ignore the error that's you do something sometimes. So if. I close this streaming window will that close everything no. I wouldn't do that though like just keep the chat open.

Chad. So fine yeah this is. I'm gonna have a very crowded screen. I'm just telling you yeah it's much better maybe quite good to get like my straw matters it's not mirrored he's got a lot more spring rolls than one.

Shadow or something all right. Then. I. I yeah.

But as long as the chat's not viable. Then. I can. I might be distracting.

But we'll see what happens all right. So when should. I start actually streaming um that's when everyone started. So.

I just said go live and that's it okay. All right. I might do my little. I might.

I might jump on a little bit early did you go over stuff with. Stephanie do you want me to keep this line open just in case or is we just going to work through text and chat actually you'll be in the you'll be in the in the uh in the in the interface. So. I guess you know.

I don't know yeah or something okay. Sounds like a plan all right. I'll talk. I'll see you a little bit time to tell.

Daddy snake cowboy. I'm still inside. I'm not going to do it foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign foreign [Music] foreign foreign foreign all right. Six string on foreign foreign foreign foreign all right.

Unmute hey everyone this is. Dr. David. Snyder if you can hear me out in.

YouTube land please type in the chat yes. I can hear you oh wait there's a little bit of a lag. So um we're testing a whole new platform today. So there might be a few glitches here and there and.

I just want to make sure that everybody can in fact hear me foreign oh that's weird. I have no. Idea why that's and needs to go away all right. Just considerable delay here okay.

Great. Amelia thank you all right. So like. I said we are streaming from like uh through a new platform today my good friends at jet webinar uh have we.

Finally exceeded our capacity on. Zoom. So we decided that we were going to switch over to uh our old standby jet webinar and uh there is a significant delay between when um when. I speak and when this this information shows up uh in your chat.

So. So you should probably factor in maybe a. I know it's a 90. Second to a two minute delay between what's going on in the chat versus what goes on in the uh natural thing your chats look.

Like they're in real time and. But. I have to type in a different keyboard. So if.

I look. Like. I'm juggling weird stuff while. I'm teaching the webinar today that's why.

But. I do want to say. I'm really excited. I hope everybody had a great.

Thanksgiving or whatever holiday you celebrate at this time of year today's class is all about influence it's about how to move through the. World building what. I believe is in fact the ultimate social survival skill we'll talk a little bit more about my beliefs on that and how it works. But the bottom line is is my intention for you is to come away from this webinar with three to four hardcore solid tools that you can use anywhere anytime under any circumstances to get more of what you want and hear.

I know here know a whole lot less all without lying cheating stealing or negatively manipulating another human being. So that's my intention for those of you who are brand new to. Planet. David.

I just this is kind of our pre-game warm-up and. I just wanted to get on and kind of uh if you're new and you're used to like the 19th and the 60. Minute to the 90 minute one hour buy my stuff pitch-a-thon that's really not how our webinars work we use a formula called a free form webinar what that means is we have the webinar has three basic phases your. First phase is foundation phase this is where we come on we make sure that you're in the right.

Place we teach you the exact hardcore basic techniques and principles that you need to be able to use to go out into the world immediately it's hardcore real world proven solid actionable stuff that you can take out into the world tonight and start testing it you don't have to believe anything we're going to teach you on this webinar all you got to do is have a fun playful attitude and apply the skills and you'll be amazed at how rapidly people respond to you in a much more powerful positive and useful way the. Second thing is in phase two of that webinar we're going to talk about special opportunities we put together for you to take your training further right. That's part of that's. Beth phase two phase three we're gonna we're gonna.

Circle back we call this the advanced learning and training stage this is where we take the foundations that we taught you in phase one and we build on that we give you even more techniques more extensions more progressions more things that you can do with the material that you've learned in part one. But we also take that material and we customize it for the exact applications that you as a group as a cohort of people interested in learning how to solve the problems in your life and hear yes. A whole lot more have now obviously we can never talk we can't cover every single person's uh desires. But what we will do is we'll go with the majority and.

Then based on what. I see that most of you want and need that becomes the content for part three of that webinar that's where we customize the webinar to exactly the applications that you want to know most about that yeah the problem points that you want to solve. So you can go out into the world and actually get what you want okay. So that's what our our three-phase freeform webinar is about it's all about hardcore solid actionable content circling back like.

I said this is not going to be a 90 minute webinar this is more like a two or three hour webinar okay. We're heavy on content heavy on interaction and participation and if you because my goal here is to give you an experience if. I give you the experience it's going to change your life whether you do anything else in this program. But follow my instructions if you take this stuff out into the world it's going to change your life.

So a couple of things hey you're obviously going to have questions. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to teach you three ways to get your questions answered when we log on to the webinar um you're going to want lots of things to write with you're going to want to be very interactive you're going to want to make sure you have um uh something to write on and lots of caffeinated dopamine and oxytocin uh facilitating substances because once again um the more neuroplastic you become the more rapidly you learn. So my job is to give you a solid hardcore set of experiences that you can take out into the world right.

Away. I. I will ask for your forgiveness a little bit because. I am learning a new platform it's not exactly um.

I'm. So used to the old one. I may make a few mistakes here and there. I may stumble a few bits.

So with your permission and your your forgiveness um. I will do the best. I can to give you an amazing experience and show you where to go to take your skills to the. Next level does that sound like a uh something that uh you can you can you can get behind let me see who's in my webinar nobody yet.

But that's all right. All right. So that being said. I'm going to go ahead and uh do some final prep and at that point um we will officially begin the webinar uh for you guys who are not joining us through the zoom channel.

So uh we'll see you in about oh four minutes talk to you soon foreign foreign it's a little. Twitchy foreign foreign okay. Hey. Siri call.

Brandon. Burr foreign. So well folks the uh one. Second oh hey folks this is.

Dr. David. So the uh the. First technical glitch has uh reared its ugly head.

So it looks like the only people who are going to be able to see us right. Now are actually uh the folks let me see oh no. We've got lots of people um real quick can you guys see me really quick type in the chat if you can see me go ahead and type that in for me please. I'm not whoa we're bouncing back and forth here between uh screen share let's go ahead and unshare this just for a while.

So can you guys see me okay. Yes. Or yes. Okay.

Um well the. First the. First platform. Gremlin has reared its ugly head hold on a.

Second. I gotta uh. I'm. I'm trying to get to you.

I've got to answer a phone call hold on a. Second because we have. Tech hey. Brandon you're good.

I'm good because um when. I says like when it says go live uh it's asking me for no. Oh. I'm already live okay.

Oh okay. Um. So. I don't have to worry about that at all.

Then all right. Then let's get this show on the road all right. So let me go back to sharing hey guys welcome to secrets of human influence how the psychological secrets for getting anything you want in the shortest amount of time humanly possible. I'm your host.

Dr. David. Snyder apologize for a little bit of the technical glitches that we had. I'm getting a lot of false flags from the software saying.

I need things that. I don't need. So. So that being said if you're brand new to.

Planet. David go ahead and in the chat type your name. First time and where you're checking in from if you're a planet. David veteran go ahead and type your name how long you've been in.

Planet. David and where you're checking in from as well and the reason for that is uh when we start to do things here in. Planet. David everybody helps each other that's one of the things.

I love about our community is that everybody comes in with a a serious desire to do the drills and get the skills and everybody rolls up their sleeves to help each other we don't care if you have 20 minutes in the influence world or 20 years all we care about is you have a sincere desire to do the drills and get the skills today's training is all about the secrets of psychological um motivation and influence how to actually talk to people in such a way that they feel absolutely connected to you they like love and trust you and will actually follow your lead and do the things you want want them to do and be grateful to you for giving them the opportunity to do that. So just. So. I understand you better let me go to my default view here and see if.

I can read some of the some of the messages in the chat we are streaming through the. OBS software interface. So those of you joining us from. YouTube uh there is going to be some lag it's it's a very it's a it's a very different interface than the one we've been doing through zoom we're working out the bugs.

But we've gotten to the point where our our lists are. So big that we have to make a shift. So. I hope you'll.

I beg your. Indulgence as we go through this material. I'm not seeing our chat function isn't working. So hot in the in the in the actual jet webinar room.

But that's okay. I do see you guys in our. YouTube channel. So.

I will do my best to uh interact with you as best. I can this is a very interactive webinar my job here is to give you some hardcore solid uh transformational skills that you can take out into the world immediately and start putting to work. So um that being said let's make sure that we're all in the right. Place before.

I get into that let me ask you a couple of questions. First and foremost um how many of you um well let me do this let me just read this to you. I'm going to give you a couple of things. I want to talk about and if you can answer yes.

To any of these questions you're in the right. Place my just my my regular disclaimer is if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing with the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time my intention is never to offend anyone.

But my job is to sometimes provoke people to get you to think and feel things that maybe you didn't want to think and feel about because that's the fastest way to getting that stuff resolved in the shortest amount of time possible. So a if you are in fact um if you are in fact a. First timer. First thing you're going to want to do is make sure you have lots of things to write with and to write on now.

I prefer that you actually have some kind of a pad not necessarily. A a keyboard thing because some of the power in the exercise comes from the fact that you're actually using your kinesthetics to wire this in. So are you in the right. Place well let's see how many of you buy a show of hands would like to be super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe make you find them or make them find you charming irresistible and fascinating would that be some a useful skill to have how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life maybe move through the world feeling and radiating more comfort and confidence if that's something you'd like to have more of go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like the skills and the abilities to make more money from your job from your business to book.

More clients our. Trends or convert them more into from prospects to clients long term if you like to overcome arguments and win and overcome objections this is something a course that you're really going to want to pay a lot of attention to if you would like to be able to a spot potential bad purse people manipulators narcissists sociopaths people of that ill crew are what. I call influenced. Predators people who use the skills of influence uh and persuasion in a negative way to to take things from people and leave them worse off than they found them this is a webinar you're really going to want to pay attention to there's some tremendous solid gold nuggets in this um this webinar that if you understand the scope of what you can do with them you can literally start to write your ticket in this life they've certainly paved my way to success without ever having to lie cheat steal misrepresent or any of the things that we think of or that we're afraid of becoming when we hear about the the.

Art and. Science of human influence if you'd like to program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things that you want and. Then some this is a great place for you to be for the.

Next two or three hours we're going to show you how to literally in an ethical and honest. Way open up the. Vault to a person's heart and desires extract from that exactly what they want and. Link it to what you want them to do now that's a tremendous power to have and it's actually quite easy to do and.

So. I have to before. I go any further with what else we're going to talk about or why what this can do for you. I want to stress that if you tap into this power you absolutely have the ability to get people to do things they even said they didn't want to do that may not be in their own best interest.

But. I'm here to tell you that if you adopt the right. Mindset you'll never have to do that you'll absolutely be able to decide very very quickly if you can provide what that person needs the way they need it and you can show them in a very clear very direct path how to get everything they want by doing what you want now. I mentioned at the beginning of when.

I was doing my little pregame warm-up that to me the ability to influence and persuade to generate. Trust and compliance and connection in another human being to me is the ultimate social survival skill you know back in the old days when when we were hunters and we were you know kind of loners in the woods it didn't really matter if people liked us or not if we were strong and we were fast and we were agile we were good. Hunters we could just go out take what we wanted nobody could do anything about it. But as people started to come together as they started to work together in one another and as people realize that some people had an abundance of one thing.

But a shortage of another and they started to rely on other people to do things the ability to get people on your side the ability to connect with people and get them to want to work with you or collaborate with you became progressively and is still becoming progressively more and more important and to me now just like being strong and fast and a good. Hunter was important back in the days when we were just out there slaying mastodons the ability to get people to want to do what you want them to do and feel good about it both within yourself with integrity and in the other person to me is the fastest way to get from where you are to where you want to be unfortunately most trainings most school systems don't teach us the actual art of human persuasion what they teach us is rhetorical persuasion that's where you bludgeoned people over the head with facts and figures and hoped out that you can convince them to do what you want them to do that is the absolute worst way to try to convince a human being of anything there is a place for that kind of influence. But it's always at the end almost always at the end it's like the cherry on the. Sunday or it's how you connect those facts to the feelings that they need to have we're going to teach you the most direct most powerful simple techniques today to reach into a person's neurology find out what they most want link it to what you want them to do and have them literally hanging on your everywhere in many cases practically begging you to do it does that sound like something you guys might be interested in learning yes.

Or yes. Go ahead and type that in the chat okay. My chat function isn't working. So good.

So. I'm just gonna have to take your words for it. Anyway um. So let's go ahead and.

I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen because. I want to go through some of my. PowerPoint for you. I don't like.

PowerPoint as a rule. I'm a firm believer in avoiding depth by. PowerPoint. But.

I do want to kind of cover some basics for especially for those of you who don't know who the hell this guy is uh in the vest talking to you. So um before. I get into that though. I want to talk about my commitments to you and that is this if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the.

Art and. Science of human persuasion human influence we've got time for this. So my commitment to you as your teacher especially this is your. First time with me and by and.

I apologize again for the the technical glitches and the things that. I promise you they'll get smoother as time goes on if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we've got time for this. So my commitment over the. Next two to three hours is to take you as far down that rabbit hole as.

I can to show you step by step the easiest most powerful most irresistible ways to influence a human being and. Then. I will show you how to make it even more powerful how to take it even further is that sound like a plan does that sound fair if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat form good all right. So let's go back to my.

PowerPoint uh really quick my presentation and we'll get into this. So a question that people often ask is who the heck is. Dr. David.

Snyder and why should. I care well. First and foremost. I am in fact an actual doctor of acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine right. Uh. I've been have. I have a practice in.

Solana. Beach. California where um. I've been teaching and treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion for the.

Last 15 years and that has given me the ability and the opportunity to really uh delve into the hearts and minds of people out there and figure out how they work and how human beings can actually use and reprogram their subconscious mind for enhanced. Health um wellness and all kinds of stuff. I apologize because for some reason um my. PowerPoint keeps popping out.

But. Anyway that's a copy of my actual doctorate the techniques that we're going to be showing you over the. Next couple hours are derived from um hold on a. Second there we go are derived from uh my course killer influence.

So what you're seeing here is uh an ad from globalgurus.org it says um where. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the year for 2020. I've been in the top two slots in that position with globalgurus.org uh since about for the.

Last three or four or five years. So it's been an exciting ride this is the letter. I got from. Global gurus and it says it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming if you click that little link it takes you to this page and what you'll see here is killer influence which is where the techniques you're going to be learning are can be found is the number one slot and.

I didn't even know that. I was there was a competition for this uh this says 2020. But. I also have one for 2022 for uh my defense against the dark arts program which is an extension of the killer influence.

So for the. Last three or four years our program on. Covert influence has been the number one ranked. NLP training program in the year which.

I think is cool for the for the simple fact that. I never promoted killer influence as an. NLP course. So it's really interesting to see how that has allowed us to actually become the number one.

NLP course in the world. So. I also have a 10th degree black belt in the martial arts. I have a 4-3 black belt in.

Shaolin. Town. Second degree black belt in kosho. Kenpo and a.

First degree black belted fonkuru. Jiu. Jitsu in addition to that. I am a certified instructor and combat system.

Cinco monoscrima and modernis and as you can see from the bottom here. I have uh. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers and.

I'm even adding more to the list now what's interesting is when you look. At all this stuff that the. Oriental medicine and the the human influence which is obvious. But the martial arts and the energy work and all this stuff people often ask what the heck does all you know what do these things have in common and that's pattern recognition.

But what all these interactions have to do with the. Art and. Science of human influence and the truth is pretty much everything you see everything human beings do let me go to this everything oops everything human beings do has a structure to it everything human beings do has a pattern there's a structure to how we perceive the world there is a structure to how we create our thoughts about the world there is a structure to everything we do and when you can start to perceive those patterns. Then you have the ability to actually influence those patterns human behavior starts to become extremely predictable extremely reliable and you it becomes very very useful.

So when. I ask what does this have what all these things have to do with the. Art and. Science of human influence it's basically a la basically it comes down to everything it comes down to everything because we have a structure in.

The. Way. We. Walk that's weird in the way we think believe it or not.

I'm going to teach you okay. There's a lot of weird stuff going on here. I apologize um can you guys hear me okay. Yes.

Or yes. I'm getting. I'm getting the notes that my my platform is muted we've okay. Where are we going with this guys come on let me go back to gallery view.

I see lots of people all right. Can you guys still hear me okay. Because for some reason my. PowerPoint my.

PowerPoint keeps flipping back and forth on its own. I have no. Idea what's going on with that. So.

I'm just gonna. I'm. I'm just gonna have to go ahead and unshare. I'm just gonna talk to you like that is that okay.

If that's okay. Talk to me all right. I'm just gonna have to read from my. PowerPoint and.

Then we'll have to uh take it from there all right. So let's get into this and talk about um what we're gonna what we're going to learn today. So if you put up with all of my technical glitches and you hang out till the end of today's webinar here's my personal promise to you. I will teach you in very very clear very very succinct way the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like love trust and.

Obey you. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them literally salivating to do what you want them to do how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence and. Finally on top of all that. I'm going to teach you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time does that sound like a good a good set of skills to.

Come. Away with what if. I told you it was ridiculously simple how are we going to do that well like. I said if you stay till the end of the webinar this is what's going to happen the.

First thing we're going to talk about is the secret back door to the human nervous system this is a method. I learned many many years ago and. I knew it was powerful. But.

I really really did not understand just how simple and powerful and unbeatable this one skill is it's literally the secret back door to the human nervous system if you use this technique and. I teach it all the time because it's just it needs to be our natural way of moving through the world if you adopt this this one thing as your your way of relating to people everywhere you go you'll become the most fascinating conversationalist anybody's ever met it eliminates the fear of small talk because 80 of what's being said is going to come out of the other person's mouth and they're going to come away from it thinking that you are the greatest most intelligent person they've ever met they can't here's here's the the ninja part of this when you use it properly they literally can't not pay attention to you and when we're dealing with relationships like my uh my one my colleague. Chase. Hughes likes to say focus is the currency of influence and that's true attention and focus when you use this it will cause people to focus in specifically on the things you are saying and on you and that gives you massive massive amounts of.

Leverage in their world we're going to talk about the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction. So you see everything human beings do has a structure we have a we there's a way that you can talk to people that piggybacks on the back door to the human nervous system that if you understand how to ask a couple simple basic questions and reflect that information back to them in a certain way human beings will literally ask you to do the things that you want them to do for you uh in fact it's one of the most powerful ways to make people love you and trust you in a very short amount of time it's also when you flip the script on that one of the most powerful ways to get people out of your life in the shortest amount of time possible we're gonna we're gonna teach you that we're going to talk a little bit about a concept we teach in killer influence known as the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and how that those things work together to create a very powerful suggestible mindset a type of mindset in a human being where they're more likely to take in the information that you're sharing with them and actually respond to it in a way that that makes them more compliant to you okay. There's four of them any one of them by themselves will work powerfully when you combine them now you have a very broad way of influencing people we're not going to spend a lot of time on that because we cover that really really in depth uh in the killer influence program. But we will teach you what those four pillars are and.

So you can begin to harness them. Finally we're going to show you very very quickly and again which ones we emphasize are going to depend very very in a great degree on what you tell me you want to focus on in phase three of tonight's webinar we're going to talk about resistance removal we're going to talk about how do we actually get people to want to do things that they just told us in no. Uncertain terms they didn't want to do like um maybe somebody you care about is a little overweight or you want them to quit smoking and they say no. I don't want to quit or maybe they've got a drug problem and they don't want to quit well here's a secret the fastest way to get somebody to do something they just told you they didn't want to do is to have them generate their very own reasons for doing it and there's a special process a special conversational framework that we we emphasize and kill influence and uh in of our.

Advanced influence techniques and if you guys want to go through that if we have time. I'm happy to teach that to you. So in in essence ladies and gentlemen tonight we're going to talk about how to take control how to get the life you want the way you want it mastering yourself inside and out starting today. So.

I'm going to try to share my screen with you really really quickly just. So. I can start to lay the foundation. But before.

I do that let me ask you a question how many of you buy a show of hands would like to be 20 25 30 or more better at everything you do how many of you would like to experience that go ahead and type in the chat me if that's you right. And. Then hold on a. Second my my now my software is messing with me here got to get to my autofocus that.

I can fix there we go. Okay. So lots of people yes. All right.

So here's the secret uh. I'm in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to show you a diagram and as.

I show you that diagram it's going to teach you in a visual format a process we call the universal persuasion protocol there's only six stages to it right. And if you understand it and you master it you're going to find yourself able to exert influence any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason. But. I need to kind of preface that a little bit in the time we have in this webinar.

I don't have time to teach you every single. Nuance of that. So. I'm going to drill down on a few basic ideas when you if when you step up your training right.

In phase two. I'll show you how to do that you'll get access to the entire six stages and all the techniques in the flow process that goes with that. But the. First thing.

I want to talk about is this. Universal persuasion protocol and one of the very. First. Rings you're going to see there's two rings.

I want you to focus on hey know your outcome a you should never as an as a professional influencer right. And whether you believe you're a professional influencer or not um it's impossible for you not to exert influence in any situation or circumstance the diff the question is are you doing it consciously and intentionally or are you actually doing it random by default right. As young said um people who know who don't make their what goes on in their subconscious mind conscious are doomed to have a lot of. Life ruled by.

Fate. I'm mangling that quote horribly. But it's true enough to be true the techniques. I'm going to share with you are all about having more.

Choice having being able to use these things with. Precision with ethics with the liberation. I just want you to be on the side of the good. Jedi okay.

And also how to prepare yourself for recognizing people are using these things unethically. So. First thing know your outcome know what it was now what maybe it's to have that person give me their phone number maybe it's that person to hire me for the. Next hire me for the job.

I'm applying for or promote me to the. Next level or maybe it's to win a negotiation that. I'm involved in get out of a parking ticket doesn't really matter. But know what your outcome is and how you're getting it the.

Next thing is you've got to control your state and this is where being up to 30 better at everything comes in there were studies done by the. Federal. Bureau of. Investigation and what they discovered was that if the hostage negotiator went into that now we all know hostage negotiation is such a fun playful um easy going profession right.

Nothing at stake there at all what could possibly go wrong in a hostage negotiation when the hostage negotiator entered into those uh interactions with the hostage taker the bad guy right. Uh and he was or she was relaxed casual easy going playful they were up to 31 more perceptive would anybody here like to be more perceptive 31 percent more adaptable 31 more resourceful in other words they were more intelligent more clever were able to solve problems much more quickly anybody here like to be able to do that yes. Or yes. Right.

But not only that which. I that you know that that in and of itself is a great thing. But here's the other thing they also found out that when the hostage negotiator was wrapped in this fun playful easy going energy their counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31 more compliant now think about that for a moment by changing how your beaut your state in other words the body feelings that you have the the frame that you have in terms of how you perceive the data going on in the environment by taking in that fun playful easy going energy you are able to influence the state of the bad guy and be far more likely to get them to make a decision that wasn't actually in their best interest which is releasing the hostages or turning themselves in would that be useful would it be useful to have up to a 30 31 percent bump in your ability to persuade an influence yes. Or yes.

As tihar record would say right. I thought that was pretty uh pretty important statistic. I got that from. Chris.

Voss by the way who. I think. I tremendously respect in the. Art and.

Science of. Hostage negotiation and things of that nature. So here's what here's the takeaway from this. I want us to begin to explore these topics in a fun playful explorational way and if you do that.

Then you will discover that not only do these techniques come easier for you when you go and apply them out in the world you'll have a lot more fun doing it you'll be able to people it'll just slide under people's radar people will just start to give you the things that you want now. I'm going to give you a very specific process for doing that okay. So if you are driving don't do this exercise okay. If you are uh you know safely tucked at home there's nothing that you have to pay attention to.

Then feel free to to do this exercise if you want to do this exercise and you are operating equipment or. Machinery or engaged in any activity that requires your full and undivided attention. Then you might want to stop that activity turn it off put it off to the side and really focus in on what. I'm about to do.

So. First and foremost. I want all of us to go ahead and stand up right. As we stand up.

I want you to go ahead and close your eyes. And. I want you to remember a time in your life when you are having fun you know just playful having a good time uh learning cool stuff right. I want you to just.

Stop close your eyes. And remember that moment and as you do that. I'm wondering as you do that when you're in that place what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell what might taste because when you do that you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of just beautiful it's a great feeling of exploration let's go see what do cool stuff and see what happens and. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow or they spread from take a moment point to where you feel as you do that look.

Inside with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color colors might that be for you. First impression now whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire route from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket with playfulness exploration let's try this and see what happens kind of energy a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all downers all depressions are disappointments real or imaginable at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding you know limited.

Supply and when you know you've got that go ahead and breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills out the test tube like hot air healing and fills up a balloon anger idiot. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe you turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead as you do that when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat for me what did you experience both when you were going through that process.

But also when you tried to turn it off what did you experience go ahead and type in the chat holding oh wait and. I'm going to try and expand this picture let's do this. I'm gonna go to full screen here guys just to see if that makes no. That doesn't help me hopefully someone in our and our staff can actually uh type in some of the chats.

So. I can see them all right. How about our. YouTubers you guys have uh any interesting things happen okay.

Cool all right. This may be a little bit problematic. Later when we try to actually get questions. But.

I'll do what. I can okay. So most of you felt pretty freaking good now here's a simple idea here's the technique that. I want you to have for us okay.

Whenever you want to have a state. I remember we devote almost an entire day in. CPI and killer influence to. State control and uh in our world.

State. Control means the ability to enter or exit any psycho-emotional state at will in any situation or circumstance in any order or sequence the byproduct of that training is that no. One will ever be able to push your emotional buttons against your will for very long ever again even when you get taken by surprise things come out of nowhere you'll be instantly able to step into a resourceful. State and deal with whatever's right.

In front of you it's just it's literally the one superpower that just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger you go through the training. But it's the most it's the most critical one missing from most people's approaches to human influence see most people will talk about rapport right. They'll talk about got to get the poor well. Rapport is a state.

But the problem is if you can't control that. Rapport. Then that report controls you. So.

Central. Florida system is saying it's hard to shut off the door saying feeling orgasmic all right. Well it looks like we're heading in the right. Direction doesn't it.

So let me let me just go through the the universal persuasion protocol for you. I'm just going to go through the stages of it uh. But. I wanted to give you a little bit of a sample platter of the things that we teach you right.

We divide. State. Control by the way into two types physiological. State control and volitional or cognitive.

State control. So the. First and foremost is what do you do with your body when you breathe in your posture. Second is what do you do with your mind and most people say well the.

Mind controls the body well only if you're really trained most humans are not trained well enough for that to be a functional aspect of their their their life we're all taught that the. Mind controls the body. But in application unless you're a special forces. Soldier a.

Taoist monk or a. Buddhist monk or some kind of elite athlete or or. Special. Forces.

Soldier the opposite is usually true and what that means is whatever's going on in your physiology dominates your psychology now just. So. I. I uh.

I have a better understanding how many people here have ever heard of something called the reticular activating system if you've heard of it just type. I've heard of that if you have not typed that into the chat as well because the more. I know about what you know the faster. I can move through the materials and make sure that you have the foundations that you need to be effective let's go ahead and type that okay.

Good all right. So let me just do this really quickly there's a book. Out there called emotions revealed by. Dr.

Paul. Ackman in that book. He talks about a phenomena known as the emotional refractory period what he's referring to by another term is known as the reticular activating system or the. RADS now the reticular activating system is a part of your brain that decides what's important in your environment in other words it decides for you what you're going to pay attention to and it does that based on the feelings that you have in your body.

So if. I am feeling really good and. I walk into a room where bad stuff happened. So you know eight out of ten things in that room are bad right.

And two are good if. I go into that room and. I'm in a good mood my brain my neurology is going to orient me on the good points the good data points in that room if. I go in there in a bad mood the.

First thing my neurology is going to do is it's going to orient my mind to the bad stuff in the room why because the reticular activating system is the part of your neurology that tries to make what's going on in your external environment match what's going on in your internal environment it's your neurology's attempt to stay the same this is why in law of attraction and things like that people are always talking about um affirmations and doing vision boards and things like that because the more we see it the more sensitized we get to it and it afflicts it affects not flicks it affects our reticular activating systems. So that we start to do things and see things that um we wouldn't have been able to see any other way how many of you consider yourself to be lucky just by show of hands or type me in the chat okay. Cool all right. So here's the thing there was a study done many many years ago.

I read about it in. Psychology today and what happened was peop the researchers wanted to know is there such a thing as luck and if there is such a thing as luck is it something metaphysical or karmic or is it something that the neurology is doing something the mind is doing that creates luck. So what they did was they spread a really wide net they bring around hundreds and thousands of people and what they did was they rented a restaurant and what they did with the restaurant was they they hired actors to go in and play patrons and they set the the test subjects up into three basic groups people who classified themselves as average people who classify themselves as naturally lucky and people who classified themselves as unlucky and they sent each group in individually what the the people who they were sending in didn't know was on the floor was a 20-pound note this was done this. I think the study was done in.

England and what they wanted what researchers want to know is how fast or not did the people coming in spot the 20 pound note and. So the average people went in. First and as you can probably into it about 50 of the time they saw it about 50 of time give or take they missed it okay. Then they sent in all the lucky people pretty much a hundred percent of the people who walked into the restaurant in seconds saw the 20 pound note picked it up and had a great time as far as.

We. Know. The. Unlucky people are still looking for the restaurant.

Okay. So this idea of what we hold in our minds of our self-concept and and from that from the study okay. We're talking we're talking about this study in context of the reticular activating system and why it's. So important.

But the reticular activating system is primarily focused on making your internal reality and your external reality the same. So if. I can change your internal reality. Then.

I can change your perception your consciousness of external reality guys see how that might be useful if we could actually change a person's perceptions. So that everything that they perceive is in alignment with what we're presenting what we want them to do 80 of our persuasion or influence could be done before we've even opened our mouth right. That's what our state control training is designed to do you see the fastest way to change another person's body feelings which is what goes right. To the reticular activating system change yours.

First once you can do that man if you can enter a state and emanate it out there are mirror neurons pick it up it goes right. To their their reticular their proprioceptive system and their interceptive nervous system reflects the data generates a similar body feeling it goes to the reticular activating system their perceptual filters shift boom all of a sudden they are primed and predisposed to doing the thing you want them to do for their own reasons right. That's where you start in the. CPI killer influence system right.

But we're not even done. But that's just preliminary stuff now we're going to add things to that. But do you see how this might be useful and why. I'm teaching it to you or teaching you about it.

I can't go. I can't teach you every single exercise. But. I wanted to give you that feeling of playfulness because if you wrap everything.

I'm going to teach you in that these techniques will work over and over and over again for you is that useful type it in chat if you think it's useful okay. Perfect all right. Let me see where. I'm going now okay.

Let me go ahead and share my screen oops. I'm going to close in the. PowerPoint. I have to do this again okay.

So what we're showing you here is known as the universal persuasion protocol and what we're going to look. At. First is again. I said you've got to know your outcome you got to know what you want and how you're getting.

Then you got to control your state. Then you've got to get rapport use your language manage your state jump into their process and link to their. Criterion values hold on a. Second.

I'm getting an emergency phone call here hello hey what's up switch to gallery view gonna stop someone okay. Uh we'll try that all right. So let's see if this works for us there we go all right. So all right.

So you guys can see that okay. Right. Okay. So if you write this down if you had if you haven't notebook.

Paper this would be the exact protocol you want to use whenever you want to influence a human being in any situation or circumstance the universal persuasion protocol is designed to give you a road map to follow whether you're in the classroom the seminar room the treatment room the boardroom the bedroom does not matter if human neurology and human communication and language is involved this is the process you follow know your outcome control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process link to their. Criterion values now the. Criterion values in our system we call the emotional bonding or the emotional motivation checklist in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I am going to give you a profound experience of the emotional motivation checklist and if you understand this you can motivate yourself to do anything you want and if you use it with your potential spouses. Partners clients customers students they will become highly highly motivated and desirous of doing the things you want them to do it's extraordinarily powerful and it's really really simple to do as long as you don't overthink it and you can stay on track. But this is something.

I want this is the kind of the big picture stuff that. I wanted uh to share with you. So that being said let's talk about the secret passcode to the human nervous system and that secret passcode we call the echo technique. So let me share this with you really quick in fact um.

I'm going to actually turn off. I don't know if. I can turn my camera off well just share it we'll see what happens all right. Okay.

So this. Next piece is where you want to start taking some notes what if you had the ability to literally force people to pay attention to exactly what you say uh to the to the ignorant ignoring ignoring everything else would that be useful here's how it starts the most powerful words any human being can hear. Bar. None even on top of their name the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay.

And. So when. I back when. I started my karate school um in the early 90s in.

Coral. Springs. Florida this technique helped me put eight to ten eight to nine out of ten people who came to my for my uh enrollment or for my introductory classes into uh into my class this is the one. I spend the most time teaching and as you go deeper and deeper into the subjects and the techniques that planet.

David this technique becomes progressively more important and progressively more powerful because it allows you to do everything else better this is why. I teach it. First because literally if you've had nothing no. Other language skills.

But this people would automatically find you charming and irresistible it's a very bizarre thing. But and you don't have to believe it you just got to do it that's what. I love. So much about the techniques is we you don't need a person to believe in it you don't need to believe in it for it to work you just got to do it we've distilled these things down to mechanics things that you can just start doing that create the biggest bang for your buck.

So what happens when you use the echo technique. First and foremost it's the most powerful way for one human being to communicate with another human being period. And. I.

I challenge anybody out there to come up with a a single technique that has the same amount of gravity and power over the nervous system as this maybe maybe the emotional bonding checklist. But ninety percent of the emotional bonding checklist are the words that just came out of their mouth which is exactly the echo technique this technique literally forces a person to person's neurology to pay attention to you okay. Um to the exclusion of everything else now how many of you by show of hands have ever been at a party maybe it's really loud. Lots going on you're across the room and you hear your name mentioned from somebody all the way on the other side of the room anybody ever have that experience right.

Why why does that happen it's because your neurology is selfish your neurology is literally moving through the world searching for anything that is a key to lock fit to the the map of the universe that you've created okay. Um. I'll tell you the story now all right. I was uh about 2012.

I was hired by a company in. Israel to go and do some personal intercommunication training um within their company. I was hired to work with the. VIPs.

I was hired to work with the um the marketing department and. I was hired to work with the r d people it turns out that there was a massive massive level of miscommunication and lack of. Rapport between the marketing. Division and the customer service people and the r d people to the r d people they were the customer service people the marketing people would call up the r d people and ask them hey we have this problem customers know how to do this they're and the r.

D's version of customer service was reads the manual right. Massive massive level of of low report and. So one of the things that. I wanted to teach them was this.

Echo technique right. And the reason. I wanted to teach them tested technique and let me go through these bullets really quick. So you understand is because a it eliminates the problem of making small talk and boring conversations.

But not only that it sends powerful powerful messages of sameness understanding and validation to the person you're echoing in other words when you. Echo a person's words back congruently and sincerely and. I'll get to that part in a minute because every now and. Then.

I get somebody who says well it sounds weird to do that it feels weird to do it because it's not your normal way of communicating right. And if you look. At. Echo technique as a trick to play on somebody it'll still work a lot of times.

But you'll feel icky doing it and that icky feeling can be reflected in the other person's mirror neurons and they'll start to feel icky and. Then they'll start to analyze what you're saying more closely we'll cover that we'll cover how to how to bulletproof that in just a minute. But this is the important piece when you. Echo somebody's words back to them from a sincere desire to understand and communicate better one of the things that happens is everything in that person's nervous system orients on you because everything that just came out of your mouth is a perfect key to lock fit to every thought they're having every filter every neurological filter from their most.

Primal basic white versus you know color versus audio filters all the way up to the words that come out of their mouth matches perfectly and because of that they automatically feel. First of all the oriented focus on you which is perfect. Then they feel heard and understood and believe it or not validated by what you said in other words the moment you give somebody their very own words back they feel a connection to you that nobody else has been able to give them in in seconds and and it it grabs them like glue okay. So this was something that.

I wanted to really really share uh with the r d people and with the with all these different divisions of this company now why did. I want to do that it's because they needed to be on the same page they needed to want to help each other right. And one of the things that happens is when you bond with somebody like that their biggest fear is losing the connection they're feeling with you and here's and and. So what.

I'm saying is this causes them to become progressively more connected and attracted and positively disposed towards you the longer you do it the deeper they go and they've never felt that like that that quickly and they want to hold on to it okay. So. I'm there and. I'm explaining this to the r d people and there's this one guy in the front row and as.

I'm talking and. I'm talking about this. Echo technique he's just there like this and you know you know sometimes you're sitting in a room and somebody farts really badly and you you know you're trying to you're trying to ignore it. But you know your your face is kind of cranking up like you smell something bad right.

That was this guy and. I'm talking about the echo technique and. I'm telling him a lot of the things. I'm teaching you right.

Now and and. Finally he just can't take it anymore he looks at me he stands up he goes. I don't believe it. I looked at him and.

I was like in my head. I'm going. Moment of. Truth.

David this should either works or it doesn't and. I'm like okay. So. I said well you don't believe it he goes no.

I don't believe well no. Why why specifically don't you believe it and he starts going off on all the reasons why he doesn't believe it and all. I did for the. Next five or six minutes was.

Echo his words back to them back to him and he's talking and he's going on and on because that's one of the side effects of do the echo technique they keep talking and the best part is you don't have to the longer they talk the more connected to you they're becoming. So let them talk when they want to talk after and and what's going on is his friends beside him are looking at him like don't you hear what's happening and he's like and. I let him talk. I let him talk and let him talk for about five or six minutes and.

Then in the in the humblest most um sincere way. I could. I looked at him and. I said sir are you realizing that for the past five six seven minutes all.

I've been doing is giving you back your very own words and he looked at me like. I was crazy and he looked to his friend to his right. And his friend goes he looked at his friend through his left and his friend goes and he looked at me and. I don't know if you've ever seen the old.

Yosemite. Sam cartoons where the guy eats too much hot sauce or his temper just goes through the roof and you see the. Red. Rising like a thermometer and it reaches like his face and also boom steam comes out his ears that was this guy right.

He gets. Pete red he wants to say something and. Then he just he just gets this defeated look. On his face and he goes are we really.

So stupid and. I looked at him. I said sir you're not stupid you're selfish and that's every human being on the planet whether you think they're narcissistic or not narcissistic what do you think they're humble or arrogant every nervous system on the planet is moving through the world searching for itself and when you. Echo and reflect back the aspects of that person that they're projecting out into the world they pay attention to you over everything else and that is power and the longer they talk the deeper into connection they go okay.

So this makes your listener feel heard understood accepted and validated and that raises your social status in their world it causes them to really feel like if they lost that connection with you they would they would be diminished in some way it's super powerful and it's super easy. So when. I when. I was teaching uh when.

I was running my martial arts school in. Coral. Springs. Florida.

I would often tell people uh. I'll just role play it for you. So he says. So this side will be the customer this side will be me.

So ring ring good afternoon. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you oh hi. David my name's. Bernice and uh. I'm looking.

I'm interested in maybe getting uh karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey. Bernice didn't hear from you. So you're interested in maybe getting karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh yeah yeah yeah well tell me a little bit more about. Josh. Bernice what is it what's important to you about uh karate lessons for your 10 year old sunshine well you know. Josh is a great kid.

I love him to death and um he's really really smart uh for his age he's. So smart in fact that his teachers have moved him up a grade and he's a little small for his age and. So. I'm worried a little bit that he's going to be surrounded by all these older kids and um that they might pick on him and.

I wanted to kind of be able to defend himself. But. I also heard that martial arts was a great way to develop confidence and focus and concentration and. I thought it might be good for him overall to just to just be able to to develop that in himself oh.

I see. Bernice. So. Joshua you said is a great kid he's really smart in fact he's.

So smart that his teachers moved him up a grade and you're worried because you know he's going to be around bigger kids and you heard that you're afraid the kids might pick on him a little bit and heard that martial arts was a great way to develop focus and concentration and you'd like him to develop those within himself is that right. Yeah absolutely. Dan do you think you could help me absolutely. I absolutely think we can help you you see from for for decades and centuries in fact martial arts has been one of the absolute best ways for small children like.

Josh to defend themselves against bullies to develop the confidence and the focus that allows them to be successful in life and to really feel good and have the ability to protect themselves and going forward. So. I think you have absolutely made a perfect decision about where you want to go and take. Josh to get those skills.

So just. So. I understand you better um how soon did you want to get started on that well. I like to make a decision as quickly as possible what are my options well.

I'm glad your options are very very simple produce all you need to do is we have two slots available right. Now we have a slot today at 5 30 pm and that includes two group lessons and one private lesson and. Then you'll have a buddy that will you know kind of train beside him and kind of guide him through these processes and comes with a free uniform we also have uh the same thing tomorrow at 6 00. PM which do you think would be better for you you know um.

I think tomorrow at 6 p.m would be best because that way uh he could have his dinner. I can make sure his homework is done and uh his head will be kind of clear and focused and he'll probably want something to some kind of physical activity okay. So you want to do it tomorrow at 6 p.m because his you know his stuff will be done and his homework will be done and. I'll have a clear head and have a little bit more physical activity perfect.

I'm going to pencil you guys in for tomorrow at 6 p.m and. I will see you and. Josh tomorrow with bells on you have a great day thanks. Dave talk to you soon click eight nine out of ten of them would show up for that lesson now as you listen to what.

I said how much of what. I as the uh business person was saying was original versus what came out of. Bernice's mouth what did you notice about that okay. Yeah are we.

Jay. Sanchez is saying. I love it are we really that stupid no. We're not stupid and that's the thing we're just selfish and and the sooner and when.

I say we're selfish. I don't mean that in a negative way it's just how we are remember you have three brains you have a payload cortex your reptile brain. Then you have your limbic system which is your your mammal brain think of it like a daughter a golden retriever brain right. And.

Then you have your neocortex literally the new layer we call that your rational lying brain the the neocortex is the part that thinks and facts and figures. But it's the weakest part of you and its job isn't actually to pay attention to the facts in terms of. Truth its job is to pay attention to the facts to create a a narrative a rationalization if you will to justify you acting on the body feelings that you have that's what we like to call it the rational lying brain because it doesn't really tell you the truth it tells you a story and the story it tells is largely created based on the body feelings that you have and if you have those body feelings properly primed. Then the narrative they create in their mind will be very conducive to what you want them to do and the way to begin that process is to control your state use your get report use your language the technique that links all the different levels of the universal persuasion protocol is the echo technique it allows you to transition seamlessly through every single layer of the universal persuasion protocol are you with me.

So far yes. Or yes. If you've got to go ahead and type that in the chat for me good okay. All right.

You guys ready for more is this useful let me go back to um. I want to note all right. So match this matches every term feeling. So if if we were going to train you on this we would teach you something we call the master.

Echo sequence now this is a bonus. I'm going to give you guys okay. This is the formula that you follow when you're out in the real world and you want to utilize the echo technique for advanced applications you. First ask a question you pay attention to their responses you validate the response you.

Echo their words you ask again. So what does that sound like let's say for example that. I'm um let's go back to our our example with. Bernice right.

So. Bernice is saying uh. I want to. I want to karate lessons for my 10 year old son.

Josh oh. So you you want 10 you want to. So. I think that's great that you want you want to get karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh. But just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son.

Josh well you know. David. I think that um. I think martial arts is a good way for him to develop confidence and uh the ability to protect himself and to really focus and do well in school oh.

I see. So you feel that that martial arts would be a great way for. Josh to develop the ability to focus protect himself um and and do well for himself in school is that right. Yes.

So all. I did there with this you know as close as. I can is. I asked the question what's important.

I listened. I paid attention to what. Bernice said. I validated her response what does that actually mean it means.

I signal that. I uh understand. I have heard and. I accept what she said if it's something.

I can wholeheartedly agree with. I signal that oh. I think that's great and. Then.

I. Echo their words and. I ask another question and. I could just cycle through that that formula through the entire conversation and they will think.

I am the most fascinating person since sliced bread they will feel like a deep deep neurological emotional connection to me that will allow me to guide them where. I need them to go okay. Now thinking about it like that people often say well isn't that manipulative or why um why would we do something like that let me flip the script on you a little bit let's say for a moment that you had a secret a secret tool a secret method let's say you were given a secret of that that you had in your in your back pocket the one thing that would allow any human being that you meet to feel instantly heard understood connected to having them in their own mind and body all of the feelings they always wanted to have whenever they communicated with another human being and you chose not to use it if you had the ability to do that and you have the skill you knew exactly how to communicate with any human being you wanted and make them feel that way and you didn't use it who's the jerk now because that's exactly what you've got right. Here right.

Now when you adopt the echo technique as your default way of moving through the world and interacting with people they will open up like a flower like like a book. Opens to reveal its. Secrets they will confide in you they will trust you they will like you they will. Orient on you they will do all of these things that make everything you want come into your life easier and the best part is they'll feel good doing it right.

But that's where we start what if we could take this a little bit further right. What if we could actually look. Into that heart that's just opened up to us and find out exactly what would make them feel the most fulfilled they've ever been what if we could do that in any context we wanted from buying a house to going out on a date to um selecting a partner to winning a negotiation what if you what if there was a way to absolutely lock in their hearts minds and souls and bond. So that they look.

At whatever you're offering them as the exact way to get everything that they want would that be useful if you think that's useful type that in the chat okay. Now we're going to have another experience together this is called the emotional bonding checklist once we've done this drill. I'm going to show you how to level this up. I'm going to show you how to take all of your training and all of your drills even further okay.

But. I want you to have this experience a for a personal level in other words. I want you to use this process on yourself. So you feel what it's like and realize that when you apply this with another human being this is the level of drive and desire the minimum level of desire and drive that they're going to feel when you do this with them does that make sense okay.

Let's go ahead and let me share my screen again and what we're going to do is we're going to look. At the emotional motivation checklist. So for this drill you're going to need paper and a pencil okay. So the.

First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to actually stop for a moment and again if you're driving don't do this right. If you're operating.

Machinery don't do this. But if you want to actually feel this for yourself and understand it. Then this is where we're at. So.

I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to think about your what you were feeling when you decided to be on this webinar tonight when you decided that you were going to attend this webinar and follow the instructions and obey the commands and do the things. I want you to do there was something that you wanted to get from us there was a um a takeaway something you wanted to be able to do and something that that thing was going to be able to do for you.

I want you to think about for a moment what that you want the techniques in this seminar and beyond that you're learning what do you want that to do for you. I want you to physically write that out on a piece of notebook. Paper in front of you what do. I what what do you want to be able to do as a result of this seminar and below that what's that going to do for you just take a moment write that out type done in the chat when you've done it okay.

And. Then we're going to do is we're going to follow this template that you see um it should be. I think it's to your left. I could be wrong oh that's right.

I still got to get used to this new interface because every time. I think. I'm using my. OneNote.

I'm not okay. Okay. Let me make this a little bit bigger. So people can see it okay.

What's it going to do for you now you notice that under this section it says what do you want what's it going to do for you right. Below that is the question what's important to you about getting it in other words when you get the ability to do this thing what's what's important about it whatever comes up write down your. First your. First impression.

So this might be okay. What do you want to do for. December. I want to have techniques to influence and persuade humans what's that going to do for me it's going to allow me to find the love of my life to make more money in my business to have more fun and security uh with my family and get all the things.

I want excellent if you can get all the things that you wanted in your life you have that security what's important to you about getting that what's important you're going to write that answer to that question okay. Use the exact words okay. This is an extension of your. Echo technique webinars.

Frozen and showing the jet webinar page um okay. Hopefully it's just a glitch okay. Okay. Good all right.

Now once you've done that go ahead and answer the. Next question what's important about that right. So just drill down you've got to be what's important about getting it use the exact words what's important about that and. Then ultimately we'll make this.

D. So it makes more sense. So you should drill down about three layers to this okay. What's important about what's important about what's important about when you have that go ahead and type in the chat that you're done and we'll look.

At what to do. Next still frozen all right. Nathan if you had. David is used a new platform combined with open broadcasting software.

So it's very laggy. But we can still hear him though thank you the door all right. So if you've got all that here's what. I want you to do.

Next. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go through this with you. I want you to take your piece of paper.

I want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle okay. Okay. We're having apparently. OBS is locking up on us.

So. I'm not sure how. I'm going to fix that um. I apologize my yeah my uh my my web people are telling me that uh for having some issues let me see what.

I can do with this can you guys hear me okay. Though is the audio okay. Okay. Very good.

So okay. All right. So for those of you who haven't. So.

I want you to take your your sheets if you can see me great if not we'll we'll do something we'll probably have a. I'll tell you what we'll do we'll do an encore um broadcast to make sure that everybody gets the quality of of the work that we want and stuff like that. So what for whatever reason um if you stay onto the end uh. I'll add a few extra bonuses in there for those of you who stuck it out um we'll probably do a replay on this.

So take your sheet and what. I want you to do now is. I want you to just read the answers to your questions. I want you to read them three to five five times out loud and.

I want you to just like. I will have x y z. I'll be able to do. XYZ.

I just want you to read them out loud three times or five times. I'm sorry read them out loud five times and when you when you've done that type done in the chat. I'm gonna do something a little weird here guys um let me see if. I can pull as long all right.

If you guys can just bear with me for like two minutes. I'm gonna try something uh and if it works. Then it should it should smooth out the. YouTube stuff if not we'll find another way to do this hold on.

I'm not sure if this is gonna work um in fact. I'm pretty sure it's in it's not. I was gonna try and just clear out of. OBS and uh see if.

I could just do the. PowerPoint on full screen. But. I'm not sure how that's gonna how that would work.

I have one other weird well worst that can happen is nothing let's see what happens when. I do this this might overload my system. So if my system suddenly crashes you'll know what happened claim hosts and share screen that's. I don't know if this will work guys.

But. I'm going to give it a shot. I don't think this is going to work. But um.

I think. I'm going to scream hello hey killing it up anything hold on hold on. I gotta be good stuff guys yeah. I don't think this is gonna work all right.

All right. I apologize for oops my tech support guys are calling me. So foreign do a workaround through. Zoom.

But. I don't think that's gonna work not the way. I attended it. So yeah.

I don't think. So all right. Well we're just gonna have to deal with do the best we can that's all yeah all right. So.

Anyway we're back and uh my attempt to fix it did not work. But uh for those of you sticking with us um thank you for for your patience. I guess that every time we do a new platform there's always a break-in period. So you know.

I'm. I've never been a big fan of. OBS. Anyway.

But we exceeded you know we had like 42 000 subscribers for the webinar. So um. Zoom couldn't handle that without pinging us. So let's go back to for those of you who can hear us and want to continue to play.

Then that's fine for those of you who don't um that's okay. So here's where we're going. Next. So one of the things.

I want to talk about is when you read your your um when you read out your your list what's important what did you feel what happened in your mind and your body when you felt when you when you went there those are in. YouTube you can hear me go ahead and type in what you thought my guess is aside from the frustration you're getting from me regarding our. Tech stuff that when you actually read those words out loud there was a profound body feeling a profound set of emotions came up true or not true not true okay. Um don't see what that's about all right.

So let's go ahead and talk about how to level this up if you could do this with everyone you meet what would that do for you right. So with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about a set of programs. I've put together that allow that build on the things that we've just done and allow you to take it to a whole new level okay.

So. I'd like to talk to you about the sequence of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course now this is a course that is designed to teach you the entire.

Universal persuasion protocol and teach you how to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason right. And. So with your information. I'd like to.

I'd like to talk to you about this now the secret to human influence program is is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level. I said at the beginning of our our training today that in a in a social. World a place where human beings have to learn to like love and trust each other to get along to cooperate the ability to get people to want to do what you want them to do is the ultimate survival skill and.

So this program is all about doing exactly that that'll allow you to make more money it'll allow you to close more business deals it'll allow you to get more dates it'll allow you to move through the world with your personal mission helping other people can you think of any place involving helping others that influence is not involved right. If you if you can say yes. You haven't really thought about it too well right. It's about moving through the world with more confidence and the ability to actually make a difference and ultimately to feel more powerful able to win the game of life.

So if you want to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible this is something. I really really encourage you to pay attention to and jump on if the opportunity presents itself to you. So here's what.

I put together for you and this offers good for. November 30th 2022 until 11 59 pm tonight okay. It's consequence of human influence ultimate persuasion protocol home study course this is a course that's going to allow you uh to think like a master of influence and masters of influence have a different cognition they have a different way of moving through the world they're very outcome driven right. We're going to teach you that psychology.

So that you can apply it to yourself and to the specific situations where you need to win right. And you want everybody to come out feeling like a winner sometimes you can't. But most of the times you can't we're going to show you exactly how to make that happen and how and the thought processes that go into that that's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to control your own psycho-emotional. States.

So that you can literally go into or out of any psycho emotional state or any sequence of emotional states at will and the byproduct of this training is that no. One you meet will ever be able to push your buttons for any length of time ever again it doesn't mean that when people won't take you by surprise what it does mean is that you'll be able to exert a profound level of control over your own emotional state your own particular activating system and when people take you off guard or catch you by surprise you'll be able to instantly bounce back take on the exact resourceful. States you need and emanate them into the world and into the room and into the people. So that you can get the outcomes that you need and protect yourself from what.

I would consider negative or deceitful manipulations it's a 297 value we will show you step by step how this works from there we're going to bridge you into what we call power. Rapport skills one of the things that separates the killer influence in. CPI systems from all the other systems out there is that we actually teach. Rapport in three different levels okay.

There is what we call classical. Rapport which is something you learn in an. NLP class. Then we have what we call kinesthetic report which is a function of your cardiac nervous system and your mirror neuron systems if you've ever studied any of the heart math.org materials there's a there's a level of.

Neurology or heartbeat synchronized breathing rate synchronizes and thought processes start to synchronize right. And. Then. Finally we talk about vibing now vibing is kind of like the top secret type of report what this does is for is specifically for people who want to be more effective in becoming attractive to other people one of the things that you need to understand about classical reports is talk to most people is that will get you in the friend zone and and if being a friend or being you know somebody that somebody feels comfortable around is as far as you want to go well that's fine.

But if you have romantic inclinations towards another human being if you want somebody to view as sexually romantically attractive. Then you need to add other things and that's where the vibing. Rapport system comes in there are certain aspects you need to have in addition to classical reporting kinesthetic report that allows you to stimulate attraction in other people nobody else teaches this right. That's part of our power report training we're going to show you step by step how all of these things work and how you can do them very very quickly and very very easily to attract the people you want and repel the people you don't okay.

Anytime anywhere under any circumstances okay. It's a 297 value. But you can probably figure out that it's probably worth a bit more than the value we're stating here. Then we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist if you were to take an.

NLP class they would present you with anywhere between 30 and 60 different language patterns and they would have to give you absolutely no. Clue which ones are the most important ones. But think about this what if you had the amazing ability to literally. Force people's minds to pay specific attention to exactly what you wanted them to pay attention to and ignore everything else what if you could literally take over a person's unconscious processes and actually have their brain doing running certain programs automatically without any conscious interference we have one language pattern the.

First one we're going to teach you that allows you to do exactly that anytime anywhere under any circumstance in fact this language pattern is. So powerful it works even when people know you're doing it they can't resist it it's bizarre. But this again and we'll show you watch we have you test that in the actual trainings and prove it to yourself. But that's one language pattern we're going to teach you seven of the most powerful language patterns that exist you'll know exactly what they do how they do it and how to create them on the.

Fly pattern number two what if you could in fact make anything you wanted seem to cause anything you wanted in the minds of your subject even if those things have absolutely nothing in common what could you do with a superpower like that that's what pattern number two teaches you how to do now pattern number three what if you had the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those two things have nothing in common. So again control a person's awareness make anything you want cause anything you want make anything you want mean anything you want what could you do with that ability because that's what you're getting okay. That's only three patterns though now combine that with the report skills that we're talking about combine that with the state control skills that we're talking about combine that with the echo technique that we're talking about what do you think is possible for yourself right. Imagine it for a moment now take that and now imagine what if you could literally force a person's internal movies the movies they make in their head to be exactly what you describe without with zero percent chance of failure or mistranslation what if you one pattern will let you do that right.

There's seven that we're going to teach you. But this is just the. First four right. That's enough.

I think. I've. I've wedded you whistle enough of that those are and you don't believe. I'm under promoting what.

I'm talking about here these things are crazy powerful you combine that with the echo technique you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts it's a 297 value. Then we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of in other words once you can control your state once you have your. Rapport skills once you have your language down we're going to show you how to use all of that to manage the emotional states of other people and that's where the real superpower is the ability to move people through a series of emotions and facts and data that leads them to conclude what you want them to do from their own perspective and want to do it we'll show you step by step clear simple easy drills that make it very very doable okay. And.

Then we're going to teach you how to literally step into a person's personal. Behavior code what does that actually mean if you think of if anybody here know what spark plugs are right. Okay. Well you know you have spark plugs in your car and depending whether you're a two-cylinder four-cylinder eight cylinder those spark plugs fire in different sequences right.

Well your brain is a lot like that too you have areas of your brain that activate when you think. So in. NLP we would say visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory right. What that really means is that you have a part of your brain that controls your vision part of your company that controls what you hear your or your auditory systems you have a part of your brain that controls your kinesthetics when you have a thought or generating.

Behavior your brain activates in different sequences that comes out in your words it's a literally a behavior code. So if you take what you've learned and fit it into that sequence they automatically do what you want them to do because it matches their internal program. But let's take that even further what if you could take all that and connect it and attach it to the things a person most wants and. Desires in their life using their exact words what if you could do that.

So that the minute you start talking about your product or service they automatically feel like everything they want is right. Here in front of them and they just want to do it because they want to do it not because you want them to that's what the emotional motivation the emotional bonding checklist is for that's why. I taught it to you because if you have a motivation problem for yourself if you tap into your emotional motivation checklist you'll become motivated to do it when you do this process with a client a significant other a partner whatever you'll automatically know exactly how to give them what they most want and need and how they'll recognize it and if you can give it to them. Then boom it's like instant bonding and if you can't you know exactly where to send them to get those needs filled by something else.

So think about what would happen if you're just stacked all of these things together what it could do for you and how it could change your life it's a 297 value we're also going to throw in the killer influence mind control. Manifesto now this is a 200 40 team page manual that covers additional training in addition to the six levels of the universal persuasion protocol you're going to learn about social hypnotic operators these are non-verbal socially programmed uh scripts in each and every person that causes people to behave in a predictable way you'll learn what they sound like what they look. Like how to protect yourself against them and how to tap into them to generate more sales more connection more trust more reciprocity um more liking from the people you associate with okay. I remember everything that we're teaching you has two sides you have the ability to do it and the ability to protect yourself from it and.

I think that's a an important lesson that in order to be able to effectively combat persuasion you also need to be able to use it and it's up to you to decide how far down the rabbit hole of influence you want to go. But it's. I think it's vitally important for all of us to have that ability to protect ourselves from it the only way to do that is to become aware of it remember anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control okay. So that's a 297 or 418.

Value. Plus you're going to get access to a special online community uh members only and we'll talk about that in just a moment. So if you took. All that value you're looking at 2 497.

But we're not going to stop with just that we've added some really powerful supermassive bonuses uh today and if you grab your program today your secrets of human influence course today we're going to include these amazing special bonuses the. First one is going to be called. Weapons of. Mass instruction scientific and seductive storytelling secrets okay.

And this is the ability uh. I. I spent a lot of years hearing that storytelling was the most powerful form of influence that exists. But every time.

I would go to a class on storywork all. I would get was and yet another version of the hero's journey or another course on ericsonian metaphor which never worked in the real world. I'm sorry. I mean you know.

I'm certain there are certain contexts where classical ericssonian stuff works really really well in her stuff and. Then there's everywhere else and after buying yet another course on storywork that just didn't take it deep enough didn't go far enough didn't give me the nuts and bolts. I needed to feel really confident in deploying stories. I realized that if there was going to be a course that did that.

I was going to have to make it and. So. I spent years literally diving into the. Neuroscience behind why stories work how they work why they're.

So powerful and. I created a system that has six modules in it the. First module is all about the. Neuroscience of.

Storytelling and metaphor why it works why it's the most powerful uh influence and persuasion system on the planet and we talk about what we call connecting stories how do stories how do you create small little stories that you could tell online at. Starbucks or at the movie theater that instantly bonds you to other people in a fun amusing playful way we have connecting stories and we have. Alpha stories now if you've ever had people at leadership. Retreats or work.

Retreats teaching telling you stories about people who overcome things or have motivated and inspired these are called. Alpha stories these are stories that literally uh. Inspire motivate and add more persuasion push to whatever message you're trying to send right. These are the kind of stories that we are most familiar with we go to someone like.

Tony. Robbins or uh like a lot of. CEOs have what they call their corporate. Storyteller these guys have all these motivational sales stories things of that nature these are stories that amplify the persuasion push now let me explain the.

Next kind of story there's another category of story called. Alpha stories now. Alpha stories are different um in in that they reduce resistance to persuasion. So let me let me explain the difference let's say for example that.

I have this bill filing cabinet here right. And. I want to move that filing cabinet across the room well. I can get some friends.

I can get behind that fun cabin. I can push it across the room right. That's an alpha story that's just. I have a lot of resistance that.

I got to overcome. I get more energy and. I just keep pushing it until it moves. But an.

Omega story. Works a little bit differently an. Omega story uh let me go ahead and fix this really quick every time. I move my auto focus gets screwed up.

Omega stories work a bit differently if. I have this big old filing cabinet here rather than and it's only me for example if. I take if. I if.

I tip that fine cabin. I put some rollers underneath it. I can now push the filing cabinet much easier if. I take some if.

I don't have rollers. I could take some oil. I can spread oil on the floor and remove the friction between the the filing cabinet and the floor and it's easier for me to move the filing cabinet that's exactly what. Omega stories do.

Omega stories don't add persuasion push they increase influence by removing resistance to the persuasion that you're talking about one of the most important things about these kinds of stories is when they're done effectively they're never perceived as an attempted influence they change opinions and attitudes in the background okay. They they create a process or phenomena in the human nervous system known in the science as transportability it's the ability to have someone fully absorbed and cognitively overloaded by the story they go into a flow. State they don't want to get rid of it they don't want to leave it and it allows you to change even the most fundamental even soften the most fundamentally zealous people because it creates an experience in them that they can't argue with there are six characteristics that make a story neurologically irresistible. I'll teach you exactly what those six characteristics are.

I will teach you the other super powerful element that has to be in every story that you create to maximize absorption and load and. Then. Finally there's what we call ninja stories one of the things aside from all the other powerful methods that story does for us the way it influences you can actually take about 10 to 15 or 20 different. NLP style techniques and embed them within a story that amplifies and magnifies and directs and fine-tunes the kind of behaviors and beliefs that you want the person to engage in.

So story is extraordinarily powerful okay. But in order to really get the most out of it you have to have the universal persuasion protocol down which is why we gave you that. First. But once you're ready for that when you're ready to take your storytelling abilities and by the way it doesn't matter if the story is verbal it doesn't matter if the story is in print uh.

PowerPoint it doesn't matter as long as language is involved these techniques will work for you and they'll make everything you do super powerful. So we that's what we call this the uh. Weapons of. Mass instruction scientific and seductive storytelling.

Secrets we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a 1997 value comes with a manual we're going to skip to you if you're one of the. Next few people to grab the uh you know the uh secrets of human influence home study course total combined value is 4 487 dollars. But that's not all we're going to throw in there we're also going to throw in. Renegade reframing now think about this for a moment what if for every time somebody told you no.

Gave you an objection or a limiting belief you had at least 14 different ways to speak that belief to overcome that objection to win that argument that is exactly what. Renegade reframing is designed to teach you how to do it's designed to allow you to literally reframe any belief any objection any argument in seconds and allow you to install a different believer a different way of thinking in another human being this is based on some very high level. NLP stuff we've made it super fun and easy to learn it even comes with what we call the. Renegade reframing game which is where you can literally set up a little card game that you play with people and you throw a card at them and you say to believe and.

Then they have to use the reframe on the card to beat the beliefs it's a lot of fun it's a really fast powerful way to change any limiting belief or overcome any objection in seconds including your own that's actually one of the reasons that that we included this if you took. A moment and wrote down all of the limiting beliefs that you have and you applied these patterns to it your belief systems would start to change it will become more flexible more um more malleable and you would see possibilities and perceive possibilities for yourself where there weren't any before this is a super powerful tool for changing yourself on top of being able to go anywhere. Anytime. Anyplace and change other people's limiting beliefs and overcome objections in seconds it's a 1997 value it's yours absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to grab the secrets of human influence home study questions by the way. I want to thank you all for sticking with me through all the tech glitches you guys are really awesome. I love you all. So it's a 6484 value.

But we're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in probably one of the most powerful courses. I've ever created um. I've said for many many years that the most one of the most important things that you can do to build your business with with little to no. Budget is what we call public speaking and if you've ever heard guys like.

T harvack or. Tony. Robbins or. Richard bandler.

Lisa sasovich. Robert. Allen um. I don't know who's some of the more popular ones are nowadays they're using there's there's two sets of systems that they use they use their speaking system that they teach other people and.

Then there's the other stuff the stuff they do below the surface of their presentation that hypnotically primes and installs behaviors in people that they don't teach to the people in their other trainings this is a breakdown of all of those things the secrets of human. Charisma and conversion from the stage you'll learn the what we call persuasion architecture which is the ability to design a talk on paper that's subliminally and behaviorally primes people to want to consume your information and take the. Next step with you we're going to talk about how to stand on stage how to hold the microphone what kind of systems you should have in place we're going to talk about um ninja stories which we talked about in uh seductive storytelling secrets and how that applies to your storywork on stage how to create how to do testimonials how to absolutely um build talks that hypnotically. Prime people to want to take the.

Next step with you in a completely ethical and honest way what the other thing that we do in this particular class is we actually deconstruct transcripts of other high-level. A-list presenters and show you all the hidden hypnosis and. NLP stuff in their presentation. So that you can prepare for when you go to those trainings and decide if you want to allow that influence to impact you or not remember without awareness there is no.

Choice. So if it's something if building your business through public speaking and. I. I highly recommend if you're any kind of.

Coach therapist healer whatever that you need to be on front of people giving people maximum value and showing them where to go. Next and making them want to take the. Next step with you this course will show you step by step by step how to do that and. Then how once you've done that how to take the content that you've created and leverage it on places like.

YouTube or. Instagram or things like that. I'll show you my patented. YouTube hacking system that allowed me to circumvent a lot of heavy duty research to get a lot of a lot of eyes.

On my videos without a lot of research involved it's worked pretty well um for a lot of years. I'll show you how to do it and you can decide if it's something you want to build in to your particular channels it's a 1997 value uh we're going to give it to you free because we want you to be successful we want you to have the biggest bang possible and if you follow the system you start with killer influence and you go into. CPI too and. Then the cpi3 and.

Then finish it with. Charisma and conversion you have all the tools in all the. Arenas that you're going to play with or that you're going to function in to exert influence any time. Anyway if you do any kind of presenting whatsoever this can make a profound difference in your ability to get more people to say yes.

So let's just review really quick what's in the package right. It's the secrets of human influence 17 video seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol with all the videos and all the extra manual um killer influence mind control manual there's about seven or eight extra appendices and chapters in. The.

Killer influence mind control. Mastery. Manifesto uh and of course. Proxima hypnotic operators which is space how to manipulate the spatial relationships between you and others we talked about social hypnotic operators there's also lie detection cold reading meta programs all of these other aspects of human influence and hypnotic operators that don't rely on language.

But give you a profound advantage uh in in influencing people in any. Arena and of course you're going to get the bonus. Weapons of. Mass obstructions neuroscientific storytelling.

Secrets it's a 1997 value you're going to get. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds 1997 value and. Then of course. Charisma conversion canonic presentation skills recorded.

Live 1997 value right. Total value if you were to add it all up try to buy it on the website today the eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars. But we're not going to make you pay eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars because you've absolutely stuck with me to this part of the webinar uh you've put up with my tech glitches. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible.

I want you to be able to go out into the world right. Now and start exerting influence at a much higher level. So for those of you who want to take it to the. Next level for those of you who are serious you're not going to have to pay 8 481 heck you're not going to pay six thousand four hundred eighty one dollars um.

Hey. Romeo nice to see you man uh 6481. 53 let's just cut to the chase no. Pun intended to my friend chase you we're not even going to charge a 2 347 for those of you who are serious about becoming one of the leaders in influence to having a set of tools that have simply been proven themselves to be unbeatable every place they've been used you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 9.97 if you act today if you have a question you can break that down into three easy installments of just 3.97. So once again if you want to get yours today all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.kellerinfluence.com forward slash go click that link now um because this does fill up fast www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click that link grab your package because.

I've got more stuff for you. I got more stuff for you and if you're worried that well what if this doesn't work. David well. I'm glad you asked this comes with my 100 satisfaction guaranteed 60-day guarantee if if you're doing this stuff and you're applying it and it's not yielding the results that we've talked about if you're not on the fast track to making more money by your standards and definitions closing more deals if you're not on the fast track to any kind of.

Freedom. Financial social spiritual whatever if you're not feeling more secure more confident more powerful if you don't find yourself gaining the upper hand and in any social encounter. I will refund every penny that you've invested in this course because if this doesn't work for you. I don't want your investment.

I don't want your tuition. I want you to be successful. I want you just like um. Romeo out there who took.

Our material and out into the world and applied it. I want you to be one of those success stories. So grab your course work this material for a full 60 days if by day 59 and a half you're not moving forward in your life using these skills. So they're not working for you the way we said they would pick up the phone let's definitely know send us an email we'll refund your money and you can keep the course okay.

Now. I don't want you calling up on day 59 just to get your money back and you've been breaking in all kinds of bucks be honest and ethical with this. But if you've honestly put the effort in if we haven't been able to work you through your sticking points and after 60 days it's not giving you the results or moving you towards the results that you set for yourself we'll give you your money back you have absolutely nothing to risk there's zero risk to you it doesn't work let us know we'll give your money back all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g o one more time with feeling www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and if this wasn't an amazing enough offer already for those of you for those of you who pride yourself on being fast action takers if you grab your course before.

November 30th 2022 11 59 pm we're going to throw in these super amazing fast action bonuses now these bonuses let me just give you a little little qualifier here the. Next the. Next few bonuses. I'm going to share with you are only available until.

I log off this webinar. So everything. I've talked to up to this point you have until 11 59 pm if you you click the buy button after 11 um after 11 59 pm you don't get the package. But if you click the buy button now before.

I log off this webinar you're going to get these extra bonuses and these are super awesome. I love. I love the fact that we the people really appreciate this the. First thing we're going to do is give you a three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program. So let me explain to you a little bit about what this is and how it works on the. Third.

Saturday of every month since 2010 we have been uh getting together virtually and in person and. I literally go around and. I ask. Cynthia what do you want.

Seth what are you on. Jeff what do you want. Jason what do you want to learn all right. And.

I write those things down on the board. I step back. I look. At what everybody wants to learn about.

I create a lesson plan right. On the spot for the. Next five or six hours. I drill you on those skills.

So you can do them in your sleep now you will not get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice.

Group what you will get is. Hands-On training. Guided by me working side by side with 10 20 30 other people who want to work on the same exact things that you do get feedback polish those skills and. Then you go back out into the world and you apply them okay.

You come back. Next month. Third. Saturday what do you want to learn this time what do you want to learn this time you wanna learn anything we did.

Last month you want to do something else what's your new sticking point we're going to drill down on that we're going to drill you on those until you can do them in your sleep we're going to send you back out into the world armed with a skill set that you can actually use okay. It's a three month trial if after three months you decide that it's worth your time you love the people which most people do and you want to stay let us know we'll show you how to extend your membership if after three months you didn't really use it or you didn't get any value out of it well you got three months you got to hang out with some cool people who like to do cool stuff. But the best part probably aside from the. Hands-On training and the interaction with me is that since 2010 we've been meeting every single month and we videotaped every single one of those training sessions and as a member of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group you get a complete 24-hour a day unfettered access to the entire 11-year video archive every single video that we've created from our.

Mastermind mentoring sessions most of which has never seen the light of day on. YouTube for the public you can binge watch through your heart to your heart's content okay. Uh if after three months you want to continue to have access to that we'll show you how to do it right. It's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free why because we want you to be successful and the one thing that.

I've seen make a difference more than anything else is the ability to get with cool people like you who like to do cool stuff like you and practice together to develop connections and. Partnerships and friendships where you can practice get feedback and just hone your skills even more it's what. I call the. Second payment in my world.

I tell my students in the planet. David you're always going to pay twice the. First payment is easy easy one that's the money that's the tuition right. That gives you access to the information.

But it's the. Second payment that gives you ownership of the power ownership of the skills and that. Second payment is never money that. Second payment is time energy effort the willingness to do the drills to internalize the skills that moves you from access to ownership and it gives you a skill set that will serve you and protect you and move you forward in life every single time you choose to use it and it's a power and a skill that only grows stronger and it can never be taken away from you.

But to do that you got to make the. Second payment you got to do the drills the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program is the most powerful effective systematic way for you to get that.

Hands-On training from the comfort of your own home in the way that's most useful for you it's a fifth it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next few people to sign up before. I log off the webinar total combined value. So far is ten thousand seventy eight dollars.

But as you can see from the. First preset. Edition number one there's a. Second one a lot of you don't want to wait a lot of you want to start using this stuff immediately and that's what this.

Next program is going to do for you you see this is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a program that. I designed to get you up and running in a couple of hours it's going to teach you in just a few hours it's going to teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns it's going to teach you instant and. Rapid inductions it's going to teach you a rudimentary program custom system of lie detection it's going to teach you how to tap into people's emotional hot buttons and give you very specialized training in advanced language patterns it comes with manuals it comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks okay. It's a 997 value we're going to give this to you free you can literally watch 90 minutes of video and start going out into the world weaving hypnotic language that has people just eyes.

Glazing over and just blatantly nodding and saying okay. Okay. Okay. We'll make you a very very powerful charismatic human being people who just love to listen to you and they'll hang on every word okay.

And that's just the beginning it's a 997 value total combined value is 11 075 dollars and the coup de gras for those of you who really are serious those of you who really want to become one of the power players in the world of human influence and persuasion for the. Next 21 people to register before. I log off the webinar today we're going to include a special. VIP super ticket to our.

Next killer influence live 2023 secrets of covert hypnosis certification boot camp this is scheduled for. Las. Vegas at. The.

Orleans. Hotel and. Casino. January 24th through the 28th it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value and you will learn how to systematically and automatically let me do not you know.

I'm going to read this to you from a different source this is what's included in the killer influx training no. It's not here. I guess oh there it is okay. So we're going to teach you the secrets of.

Rock. Solid. State. Control this is going to allow you to create literally empathic superpowers that allow you to bond with another individual transfer your feelings and emotions to them we'll teach you the.

Power report techniques that we talked about at the beginning of this presentation let's learn about the classical report uh kinesthetic report and. Then we'll talk about vibing will teach you how to emotionally bond with any subject's deepest desires that they want to do the things you want them to do we'll teach you the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence this is like. Authority attractivity. Affinity acquiescence each of these are categories of persuasion and influence that if you master them you can create very predictable types of compliance each one has its own type of compliance you'll get different.

Dynamics from an authority principle than you will from an attractivity principle we'll teach you the. Dynamics and the nuances of that and how to apply them we'll teach you how to code reader personality profile people in as little as 90 seconds. So you can realize and know very very quickly what psycho emotional buttons that you need to push to get the greatest amount of. Leverage in the shortest amount of time we'll teach you the secrets of social hypnosis the five core techniques that governments media public relations newspapers advertisers marketers are leveraging on you all the time we'll show you how they work what they look.

Like how you can protect yourself from an even more important how you can ethically utilize them to create very powerful messages that make people predict that make people behave and act in very predictable ways in an ethical honest way we're going to teach you. Proxima hypnotic operates how to manage the spatial characteristics and orientations of the places you're in for example where do you sit at a conference table. So that you automatically have the most. Authority where do you sit what places at a conference table should you avoid that make you the weakest power player at the table right.

That make you the least paid attention to how do you talk to people and where do you position yourself that they automatically like you more where do you position yourself. So people automatically feel comfortable around you there's different spatial locations that have these psycho psychological leveraging aspects to them you're going to learn in depth how to use those. So you can actually create powerful influence without opening your mouth it's very cool it's very covert um and when you when you understand you feel it you won't believe it until you won't believe it until you feel it we'll talk about meta programs we share uh ways of filtering human data right. Right.

Attractivity secrets and how to generate. Authority attractivity in other humans or attractiveness in other humans and yourself and other people right. We'll talk about the simple resistance removal formula that lets you create reasons in anybody's mind that you want for doing what you want them to do simple language techniques that literally force a person to hang on your every word. So much more there's.

So much more to this course you'll get to experience all of it live in person for five solid days only you and me and a few hand-picked other individuals who raise their hand to learn this information and you will become the embodiment. So you'll understand this we call it seeing the. Matrix it is the most powerful ethical system that's ever been devised and it will completely change your life and it only gets stronger the longer you do it. So you're gonna get five full days of.

Hands-On training you're gonna learn how to control your emotional states at well emanate. Charisma on command make people like love and trust you hypnotize people during normal conversations and what that actually looks like because hypnotizing people during a conversation is different than if you actually have them in a chair advertisement you need to know what the differences are how what they look. Like and how to manage it we're going to teach you how to read anyone instantly to. Tech lies and.

So much more total package value for this will be 2 250 if you're one of the. Next 21 people to click that buy button now we're going to give it to you for free total value of this package is 13 325 dollars and again this comes with our. VIP ticket. But let's say oh.

David that's that's that's really close. I don't know if. I can make that if for some reason you can't make the training in. Las.

Vegas pick up the phone let. Stephanie no. We'll move you to the. Next killer influence event if something happens at the.

Last minute your schedule frees up and you can come. But the the seminar is full pick up the phone let. Stephanie know if you have this. VIP ticket you go to the front of the line we'll make a seat for you if the price goes up you're protected you don't pay you don't pay anything you have that.

VIP ticket you get to walk right. In you want to gift that ticket to somebody else who you feel could benefit from the live training we'll honor that ticket you can gift it to somebody else okay. This technique this this ticket does not expire you have it until you use it your. Next available training for killer influences.

January 24th through the 28th. But if it takes you four years to get to a killer influence event this ticket will get you in the door even when the price goes up to thirty seven hundred dollars forty seven hundred dollars what have you you'll still get in for free okay. Total value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollars. So let's just review really really quickly all you need to do is click the link in your in your in your chats there secrets of human influence home study course it's a two thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollar value it's going to come with absolutely free the weapons of mass instruction study course 1997 value we're going to give that to you free objection obliteration 1997 value that's the.

Renegade reframed by the way one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you a. Charisma conversion 1997 value absolutely free it's going to come with three months of the. NLP. Mastermind mentoring program and the 11 year video archive.

So 1597 value we're going to give it to you free you'll get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and of course the killer influence. VIP super ticket for that five-day certification boot camp live in. Las. Vegas at.

The. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

January 24th through the 28th it's going to be super cool super powerful it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total package value if you wanted to buy that on the website which you can be 13 325 you can get it all today for just one little installment of 9.97 and if you need help we can break that down for you into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours right. Now click the link right. Now go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash g-o www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo one more time get your chick get yours now this stuff goes fast www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo okay. Uh let's see here oops okay. So that being said now if you guys have um any questions that. I can answer um.

I would love to hear them normally this would be part three of the webinar where. I would answer any questions that you have unfortunately our chat is not working out. So well. So for those of you who actually want to ask me a question a real quick workaround might be if you go to our.

YouTube channel and tap into the live stream from. YouTube and type a question in that chat. Then. I can start to answer questions for you.

I would like though even if. I. Can't customize it. I would like to teach you some more techniques if that's okay.

Would that be would that be something you'd like me to do yes. Or yes. All right. So one of the things that people most often ask me about is this idea of how do we overcome resistance when people like we ask people to do something and they just say no.

I don't want to do that how do we get them to actually want to say yes. Now this isn't um. I've tested this particular technique in. So many different contexts.

I've even used it you can find this on our. YouTube channel. I've even used this technique to eliminate to argue somebody out of pain think about that for a moment. I've literally had somebody complain about a complaint about hold on a.

Second we got a. Spam right. Here. Anyway um.

I've used this like have something complaining about back pain and. I've used this technique on them and in minutes their back pain was completely gone they couldn't get it back uh there was another time. I was teaching a conversational hypnosis master class and for some reason. I had like three or four people who are suffering from tinnitus which to me has had the lowest of all the things.

I've treated clinically my success rate has always been for some reason was the lowest with tinnitus. I don't know why. I think it's because psychologically people don't want to hear what you have to say and. So it goes to a kind of resistance that most people don't know how to deal with.

But. I used. I used this resistance removal protocol on three people with tinnitus simultaneously and in every single one of them their tinnitus went away. So.

I think there's a little bit more going on here with this technique than where it was originally designed the original technique was developed by a gentleman by the name of. Dr. Michael pantalon uh. I think was from.

Stanford there's a book. That he wrote called instant influence. So if you want to learn more about the roots of this technique which. I call in my world the resistance removal formula.

I would recommend you study and and read his book. He's very very it's a very good book. Very powerful stuff if you know how to use it and if you can integrate it into the universal persuasion protocol and the the things that we're talking about with the motivational checklists and things like that you'll be amazed at how rapidly people just want to do what you want them to do even if they just told you five minutes earlier they didn't want to do it. I it's it's almost not fair.

But you know since you're never lying or cheating it's completely ethical to use okay. So like. I said our chat's not working as well as. I would hope.

So. I'm going to just go ahead and teach this to you and. Then what we'll do is um for those of you who are interested after you've gotten you clicked the link and you bought your packages and stuff. I want to do another webinar special webinar just for you guys.

So that we can actually work together and get a little bit more. Interactive uh because you guys still you stuck with me and. I want you to know that. I appreciate your loyalty and sticking with us in all these things okay.

It's important to me that you guys feel uh like you're getting tremendous tremendous value and. I want to show my appreciation by just we'll do it we'll set a time we'll do another private. Zoom meeting or webinar and we'll drill down on some cool stuff right. It'll be kind of like your own personal ask me anything with a little side order of uh of.

Hands-On training. So for those of you who want to be part of that go ahead and click that link www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.kellyinfluence.com forward slash go one more time www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link and let's talk about the resistance removal format. So let me just go jump into this really quickly okay. Let me share on my screen.

I hope this works okay. So like. I said earlier. I'm going to go ahead and go to.

Gallery mode and. I'm gonna if. I share it to. I turn off my video this should be this is good right.

Here okay. So. First and foremost the the the roots of this course can be found in the book. Instant influence by.

Dr. Michael pantalon like. I said. I always try to name my sources one of the things you'll find about me about the people in.

Planet. David is we always tell you where we get our information um there's too many people out there claiming that they've they created everything and it's just not true everybody learns from somebody even me. So. I want to just give people credit uh this this particular protocol allows you to make people create reasons for wanting to do the things they just said they didn't want to do now the.

First thing that has to happen when you start playing with this formula is what we call uh restore personal autonomy. So let me click on my video and talk about this a little bit when you when we're talking about restoring personal autonomy what we're saying is is that uh you want to you want to get you want to neutralize reactants. So what does that actually mean if. I were to come to your house hold on a.

Second now my autofocus is screwing up if. I were to come to your house knock on your door out of the clear blue and say hey my name is. David. Snyder um you don't know me.

But. I've been going to all of your neighbors in 20 30 years ago my grandfather uh willed me uh 30 solid one ounce gold coins and um. I have to get rid of these because. I have some some tax tax money that need or some tax bills that need to be uh paid off and.

I just had these these gold coins appraised uh and they're all going for like two thousand twenty five hundred dollars an ounce like. I'm just making the numbers up because. I don't actually know what gold is going for right. Now and here's all the proof here's all the documentation you can even call these people to verify on who.

I say. I am and um that the gold is 100 pure gold this is what they're worth how many and. I'm selling them for a hundred dollars a piece how many would you like to buy. What would most of you tell me get them out of here right.

Why. I've given you all the documentation. I've given you all the proof why did you say no. The answer is called reactants reactants.

I lovingly call the [ __ ] you factor right. Reactants is this emotional or physical pushback that we encounter anytime we're presented with influence that we didn't invite or we didn't ask for when. I knocked on your door interrupted your dinner you didn't know. I was coming.

Right. And started giving you this amazing deal a rational logical person who actually did the due diligence and followed the proof would realize what an amazingly good deal that was and probably if they could buy some because they knew they were going to get more than their money back. But most people wouldn't even think to do that they wouldn't they wouldn't even enter their radar why because they just they feel intruded upon they feel like somebody is violating their territory violating their space and trying to convince them to do something. So they psychologically push back reactant is a phenomena that comes up every time we experience anything that threatens our freedom of choice anytime we're present with influence we didn't invite right.

Think about all the times that one of your friends has gone off on a problem that they had they've granted you gave them advice they completely ignored it right. Reactants that's why. So one of the things that you have to do when you want to get people to want to do the thing they just said they don't want to do again paradoxical. But very true you actually have to let them know that you're on their side and you support their right.

Not to do it you literally have to say if you don't want to do it that's fine and you have to make them believe you and here's why if you don't satisfy this one criteria. First anything that comes out of your mouth afterwards will be painted as a form of manipulation it'll be painted as you're just trying to get me to do what everybody else is trying to get me to do that. I said. I didn't want to do.

So the. First thing that has to happen is you need to restore a person's sense of autonomy you have to convince them in very very clear very very solid ways that if they want to say no. You support their rights to say no. You're going to support you and you're behind them 100 right.

So a lot of times that what that looks like clinically it's like say for example and. I don't get. I don't get smoke cessation clients very often in fact if. I had more than three in the.

Last 15 years. I'm pretty lucky because. I just did that was just not my customer. I would get chronic pain chronic illness terminal illness uh fears phobias things of that nature.

But like things like smoke cessation or weight loss that just wasn't my customer. So. But every now and. Then you get someone who had an addiction or some behavior that everybody else wanted them to give up.

But they didn't want to and. So the conversation would go something like this doors closed say hey let's be honest you really don't want to lose weight do you you really don't want to quit smoking do you and. I go well not really no. But everybody's on my case about it my wife's on my case about my smoking my kids say.

I smell like an ashtray you know there's no. Smoking at work and. I always get. I'm always getting flax.

So. I just. I just need you to make me quit and that's always a key right. There cut you free clinicians anytime somebody says.

I need you to make me do something what they're telling you is. I don't want to do something okay. And. So you need to get them to to cop to that.

So you don't actually you like smoking don't you don't want to quit yeah. I do like smoking you know and and. I really don't want to quit. But.

I'm just tired of hearing all the [ __ ]. I'm tired of being picked on all the time or or uh persecuted or pre you know um. I just feel like everybody's out to get the smoker guy you know and. I'm just tired of it oh okay.

So well look. Let me be honest with you. I'm a neurologistic programmer. I'm a hypnotherapist doctors.

Oriental medicine. I have 27 different ways. I could. I could help you quit smoking.

But. I'm not going to do that and the guy kind of looks at me weird because what do you mean look. When that door closes and it's just you and me. I am your ally.

I am your advocate in my job is to give you what you want not what all those other people want and. I want you to understand that if you want to come in here and pretend to go into trance and. I pretend to hypnotize you and you come out and say it didn't work. I'll let you do that if you want to come in if you want to come in and sit in my chair and uh and you want to enjoy smoking more.

I'll help you do that if you want to work on something completely different from your smoking. I'm cool with that too if you don't want to quit smoking. I support that. I support you.

I am your. Advocate. I don't care what your kids say. I don't care what your parents say.

I don't care what your wife says or what your boss says. I care about what you want and. I want you to understand that why not that's pretty cool dude. So let me ask you a question just hypothetically though put all their desires aside let's pretend for a moment that you wanted to quit smoking not you not for your wife's reasons not for your kids reasons not for your boss's reasons.

But for your reasons if you wanted to quit smoking for you just. So. I understand you better why might you want to quit smoking okay. And they'll go into it they'll start to think about well truth be told is kind of expensive and we could really use the extra you know that the money that we save.

D and. I noticed past couple months that uh when. I go to play with my kids um. I'm kind of short of breath.

I can't really. I can't really run as long as. I used to run. I kind of like to be able to to be able to play with my kids when.

I get older you know what. I'm saying. So you know. So it's kind of expensive you could probably use that money that you saved and you'd kind of like to be able to you've been a short breath when you can play with your kids you kind of like to be able to play longer when you get older yeah dude.

I think if. I were to quit smoking that would be why. I want to do it okay. So for the sake of conversation on a scale of 0 to 10 if you were one if you wanted to be able to you know breathe better and play with your kids longer and save that money on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that well probably six or seven oh really six or seven amazing.

So let me ask you this six or seven why. So much why didn't you rate that less and. I gotta go what well six or seven that's that's pretty high why do you want to you know save money. So much and and and breathe in.

Last night well good dude. I want to be healthy right. And. I can do something else with that money besides buy cigarettes with it oh okay.

So what's the. Next step we need to take to help you to save money and and breathe and. Last longer and have more endurance for your kids well. I guess.

I need to. I need you to help me stop smoking okay. You ready to do that yeah. I guess.

So all right. What's up let's get started boom right. So let's let's kind of deconstruct or what we just did. But before.

I do that let me just remind you that um those fast action bonuses that we talked about a. Second go away when. I log off the webinar. So once again just as a kind of a review um you're going to get the secrets of human influence uh home study course and that's gonna it's a 22 479 value you're gonna get the weapons of mass instruction for one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollars we're gonna give that to you free we object uh the.

Renegade reframing out of conversational belief change is a 1997 value. Charisma conversion uh 1997 for free we're going to give you the. LD power. Mastermind mentoring program it's still instant conversation with us crash course for 9.97 and the killer influence.

VIP super ticket for our five-day certification event live in. Las. Vegas all that's at 13 325 value you can get yours uh just by clicking that link right. Now uh www.killerinfluence.com forward slash.

Geo click the link click the link and while you're doing that let's go back and deconstruct our particular this particular protocol and go step by step through it. So you guys kind of have a format to follow. So. I'm going to go and get my.

PowerPoint on here not my. PowerPoint. But uh my. OneNote.

So let's look. At what we did the. First thing we did was restore personal autonomy and again this arguably in most cases will be the longest piece of the puzzle because you really really have to make them believe that you understand now if you've gotten your state control down you've gotten your report skills down you're using their words you're tapping into their criteria their emotional bonding checklist. Then this is going to be actually a pretty simple straightforward process.

But you really don't want to try going forward until you've actually gotten the them to believe that you're on their side. Then you want to soften it what does softening mean softening means is you're going to give them a reason why you're asking them or telling them what you're about to tell them one of the most common um softeners that. I use a lot works really really well.
