Title: Face Reading: Heal and Reveal - How To Read Anyone&#39;s Face Instantly
File Name: 1kxl9gfofXU.txt
Video Id: 1kxl9gfofXU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kxl9gfofXU

Hold on to your hats ladies and gentlemen. It's almost that time. Hello hello hello everyone. This is.

Dr. David. Snyder checking in. Welcome to.

Secrets of. Face. Reading for. Fun and.

Profit:. How to. Decode. Anyone in about 7 seconds or less.

Tonight we're going to be covering one of my favorite topics um that has worked alongside a lot of my other skill sets and had just made it better and that is the art and science and. I do say science of face reading. The uh the the content for tonight is all about helping you take things out into the world that you that can make your life easier faster and better. And.

So one of the things that. I love to do when. I'm. I'm beginning to um to teach this material is.

I try to target it a little bit more. Uh today. I'm going to try and emphasize some of the more. I don't want.

I want. I don't want to use the word earthy. I don't want to sound negative when. I say it.

But let's look. At some of the how can we really speed read it. What are the main features that can give us a really quick profile of of human beings and those features are largely going to be um this the size and shape of the head and and not necessarily is it an oval shape or is it a square or. But rather the size of it the proportions of it.

Then we're going to look. At the eyebrows themselves. We're going to talk about how the eyebrows can tell us how easygoing a person is or how not. We're going to look.

At the eyes. Themselves. Um and again we don't have time to do every single trade or or go super deep into everything. But the idea here is to give you some some very fast very quick ways that you can look.

At somebody and in a few seconds have a working idea of uh how to approach and deal with this person if that makes any kind of sense. So my webinars traditionally are not standard traditional webinars. So. I want to just get some administrative stuff out of the way.

First. First thing. I want to do though is. I want to pop my chat for my.

Zoomers out there. So those of you coming in from. Zoomland please if you're a. First timer please type in your name and and where you're checking in from.

Uh if you're not a first- timerr type in your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a citizen of. Planet. David. So to speak.

For my beloved extended. Zoom family. I'm here for you too. So if you're watching us through.

Zoom there's about a 45 to 60. Second delay between what. I say and here in the. Zoom platform shows up on your feed.

But our chat is in real time. So by all means um type your questions in the chat. That being said um if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover tonight right. I got time for this.

So. I promise you that. I will take you as far into this topic as. I can and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go to level up your training and get the the the whole anchelada as my uh my by proxy mentor. Dan. Kennedy likes to say. Uh that being said we have a lot of people checking in from all over the world.

We've got. Trinidad we've got. Australia we've got. Toronto.

New. York. City is its own country. All right.

Um. So. But again to as as much as uh. I you know when every time.

I create a webinar. I have an idea of what. I want to talk about. But every time.

I get onto the webinar with you it it's no. Longer my webinar it's your webinar. That being said what. I want to know most is how.

I can specifically target the content of tonight's webinar. And you're going to find out that. I'm highly allergic to powerpoints. Visiting is a very visual science and art.

So that will be bouncing back and forth between at various points. But for the most part you're going to be looking at my ugly mug uh for a good chunk of of the training. So. I hope that's okay.

Um. First and foremost. So let's let's get down to some administrative. First.

First of all um you know what let me just jump to my. PowerPoint just. So. I can stay on track and talk about why.

I'm qualified to actually teach you about this stuff. Uh. So let me go to my screen share and. I'm going to try something new today.

We'll see if this how this works. Hey can you see me yay. All right. So.

First and foremost face reading will allow you to do a lot of the things you see on on the screen behind me here. You'll discover very very quickly as you go deeper and deeper into the face reading material how people think and and and feel and behave. You'll learn how to read people's emotional uh repressed emotions. As you get deeper into the more advanced master level face reading we'll also teach you about something called micro expressions.

Micro expressions are tiny little micro movements that happen in the moment. So we in in our face reading system which is a combination of modern scientific face reading based on peer-reviewed research as well as with thousands of years of. Chinese medical uh observational science has taught us about how these different facial traits relate to the various organ systems how those various organ systems relate to various emotions and how those emotions. Then relate to c certain types of behaviors and temperaments.

So there's a a very long history of face reading and most cultures the older cultures especially have some kind of face reading tradition. Now this should not be confused with um a pseudocience known as phronology which was developed by aspiring criminologists back in. I think it was the 1800s which is all about feeling the bumps on your head and and saying that people who are have misshapen or asymmetrical faces are automatically criminalistic. That's just it's scientifically it doesn't it doesn't bear out that way.

However nature is not an idiot. Okay. One of the things we have noticed is that there is a correlation between facial symmetry and health and uh emotional stabilities. So that being said and.

I and if you guys want. I will give you a rather long list of the uh scientific studies that are actually proving this. Did you know fun factoid science that narcissism can be detected in the eyebrow right. It's it again we may talk about that today.

Uh we'll see. I'm teasing you with it. Right. But if you want to learn and now you can take all of these things that we're talking about look.

At any human being and instantly know how they're more likely to respond in any given situation or circumstance and most importantly perhaps what their hot buttons may be and how to influence and persuade those people. If you could quick question. If you could look. At somebody and know in a fraction of a.

Second how they would how they're most likely to go about making a decision do you think that might give you an advantage in presenting your product or service in presenting an opportunity for people right. The face can show us in very very simple ways how to structure our presentation to to get the biggest impact in the shortest amount of time. We may uh you're gonna hear me refer to the seven-second window multiple times throughout this webinar. Uh and there's the seven-second window has two sides to it.

How many people here by a show of that's me in the chat um have ever heard of something called a. First impression anybody just type it in the chat like everybody's going duh. David. Right.

Okay. Here's the thing you need to understand. There is a a se the the. First impression is formed within the.

First seven seconds of meeting another human being. In other words the minute you enter the room and make eye contact with them or they lay eyes. On you it's probably a better way to say it. The moment they lay eyes.

On you the clock starts running. Their. First impression of you is formed in seven seconds. If you can own that 7 seconds everything else you want to do in terms of influence persuasion attraction connection gets exponentially easier.

If you blow that 7-second window you've got to work harder to get into that person's uh good headsp space. Okay. So that's one aspect of the 7-second window right. The seven the other side of that seven-second window is that as we make eye contact with someone as we lay eyes.

On somebody if we just look. At a few key things we can extrapolate very very quickly um how to deal with this person right. So. First thing we want to look.

At is how wide and symmetrical is their head. We want to look. At their eyebrows. Are they close together are they far apart we look.

At their eyes. Are they small held closed wide or um held open right. Um is the mouth is it big and wide and full or is it small and narrow and thin or some combination thereof these are the things we look. At in the.

First seven seconds that will tell us things like how open they are how they deal with authority how um suspicious they might be how emotionally expressive they might be how generous they are how easygoing and uh open to expressing themselves they how sensual they might be. These are all things that we can know just from that. And again trust me it's the tip of a very large iceberg right. If you want to be able to measure people's sexual romantic capacities things of that nature right.

This is a really good way to do it. Okay. So uh that being said why am. I.

Well. First of all. I am an actual doctor. So let me just go through the what.

I lovingly call the. Dr. David. Dog and.

Pony. Show right. I am an actual doctor. Uh this is a copy of my uh degree from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental. Medicine.

I got a doctorate in. Chinese acupuncture and uh or acupuncture and. Chinese medicine. Uh.

I've had a practice in. Salana. Beach for the. Last well since 2005 really where my focus has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion.

Right. There's me sporting a little cool beard and stuff like that. I almost wore that vest today too. Right.

Um. So. I am an actual doctor. I studied with uh my teacher in face reading was a woman named.

Lillian. Pearl. Bridges. She was the world's leading authority on.

Chinese face reading. Uh her book. Is. Face.

Reading in. Chinese. Medicine from which a lot of this material initially is drawn from. Um.

But. I'm not. But we're not done there. In in 2020.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the world by globalgurus.org. I've been the number two. NLP trainer in the world for the.

Last nine years. Right. Only the great. Bandler uh consistently pops me out.

He's just got more followers than. I do. What can. I tell you i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence.

Everything from dating and attraction to using the uh conversation hypnosis for healing pain control negotiation mediation. I've worked with law enforcement. I've worked with military. I've worked with intelligence people all over the world on how to use the se the what we call strategic human influence technologies to get things that you want.

We have some of the most the most powerful and effective courses on transformation on the planet. We have the fastest uh uh strongest track record of being able to teach people to go from zero to hero in terms of coaching and transformation in a very short amount of time. I'm very proud of that. Uh and.

So this is just a little bit about where we are at right. Face reading has been a huge huge um asset to all of those techniques and that's why. I love face reading. So much.

It is what we call a force multiplier. If you have the tools and skills of influence that we might teach in uh. Killer. Influence or.

CPI or. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Arts uh or even real world hypnosis for that matter. Then face reading takes everything you know and exponentially multiplies the power of it right. It's like putting a laser targeting guided missile system on a bullet. It's like just follows you wherever you go right.

It's just really powerful. What you're seeing here is a letter we got. This is. I actually got one for 2023 haven't been able to find it.

Um from globalgurus.org saying uh it's great. Dr. David is with great pleasure to announce that your training program. Killer.

Influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP in 2022. We received one for 2023 in uh for our our derivative of. Killer.

Influence which is called. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Arts which we'll be talking about uh in this training. Right. As you can see here we have our this is from this is 2021. We've been we've got a little bit of a track record here right.

This is 2023 right. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Arts. So the things. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight are are taught also in. Defense.

Against the. Dark. Arts. They're some of them are drawn from.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts.

Uh defense against the dark arts is our ability to teach you how to use these face reading skills eye accessing cues micro expressions body shifts uh pivots behavioral leans things of that nature for lie detection uh being able to really develop a powerful profile of people. So you can influence them or as is often the case with defense against the dark arts to not be influenced by people against your will or without your consent. Everything we do is about ethical influence. But it's also about empowering people to protect themselves against unethical influence.

And that's again part of what. I want to touch on with you guys uh today is how do we how do we look. At somebody and say well these people might have a little bit more uh we might need to be a little bit more cautious around these people. Not that you can tell a person's character from fishing.

Let me just put that out there right. Now. You can't give a you um you can't tell if a person's evil or or a saint from their face unless there's a faking big ass light shining from their from below their skin which usually means that they're uh they're a little bit more on the divine side right. We call that charisma.

But what you can do is you can get their attitude and their temperament and from that temperament and from a detailed profile on their behaviors you can begin to extrapolate is this somebody that. I want to give more access to my life or not. Right. We we have whole courses on that.

But this again face reading is one of those places where we can gain instant insight into the psychology of another human being in a functional way that is is right. More often than it isn't. So um little more background on me. I have a 10th degree black belt in.

Ruku. Kempo karate. Now why would. I even mention that in a face reading seminar there's two reasons really.

The. First introduction. I ever had to face reading was actually through the martial arts. Now.

Rukqo uh is an art that has within it two smaller arts that deal with energetics and nerves. Specific the art is called tui jitsu and kushojitsu. Literally the art of vital point striking or uh one. Second fighting depending on what interpretation that you want to use.

Now one of the things that. I had to do as part of my training to learn how to use acupuncture points and meridians and things for self-defense was. I had to learn how to look. At a person's face and determine where the energy was strongest and where it was weakest.

So. I could get a quick indication of where the nerves in that person's in that person were most sensitive and vulnerable to being attacked for self-defense purposes. So that was actually the martial art. This is actually an extension of my martial arts training and and even the acupuncture oriental medicine that.

I do for healing and all these other things. It started with the martial arts. So. I'm very much you have to understand there's no.

Theory here. It's all tactical tested material right. And as a martial artist you get out on the floor and you test your stuff and it either works or it doesn't right. So here.

I have very little little um uh what am. I saying i have very little tolerance for low percentage technique. So. I'm going to give you the stuff that.

I take out into the field every day and use. And. Then if you if you if you use these this is going to move the needle of your life forward in the direction you want to go. As you can see here.

I have a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Counta. Second degree black belt in.

Kosho. Kempo. First degree black belt in. Furu jiu-jitsu.

I'm certified in combat systemma senko. Okay. You can see. I got more energy work than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers right. Um why what why am. I even sharing this with you because for those of you who are brand new to. Planet.

David you need to know where this is coming from. We need to know that there's no. I didn't. I'm not making this up right.

I. I've done the work. So to speak right. And.

So that you can have a little bit more confidence not faith or belief. By the way let me stress something very very um important at the and. I usually say at the beginning of the webinar. I forgot this time.

I don't need you to believe a single thing that. I'm going to share with you tonight. You don't have to believe it. You just got to take the techniques go out into the world and use it and calibrate the results yourself and decide if it's worth keeping or not.

As. Bruce. Lee used to say absorb what is useful discard what is useless add that which is uniquely your own. And that's what.

I want you to do. I want you to go. I don't want you to go out and be a carbon copy of. David.

I want you to go out and be a better version of you using the tools that we teach freely in. Planet. David to make your life better. Right.

Um. I am a teacher. I will warn you that. I am a teacher who thrives on dialogue interactiveness and feedback right.

So um. I'm just putting that up front. I. I will constantly be checking in with you and making sure that um we're on the same page that we're going in the same place.

So everything that we're going to talk about tonight is based on this two concepts. Well actually two primary concepts really. But one we're going to talk about a lot is pattern recognition what you're going to discover whether you're uh you're studying with me for neural linguistic programming which we have a a seminar coming up uh in. May or whether you're studying oriental medicine with me or face reading or any derivatives thereof.

One of the things you're going to notice is that everything we do from. NLP to acupuncture to face reading and all points in between is based on pattern recognition. It's based on this concept that everything human beings do conscious or unconscious biological biomechanical energetic cognitive emotional verbal lingual all of these things have a structure. And these structures are patterns that repeat and and disseminate over time.

And if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear the patterns all around you and in the people that you're interacting with will become progressively more obvious to you. And once you become aware of those patterns they become increasingly more useful to you. And that's what tonight is about.

Everything. I'm going to share with you is going to be little nuclearpowered tidbits that you can take out into the world and deploy. Prove it to yourself. And.

Then when you're ready level up. Now some of you are going to want to level up right. Away and that's perfectly fine. I'll show you how to do that.

But for those of you who are just testing the waters hey that's cool. You're going to want to stick to the end of tonight's webinar though because we got some amazingly cool stuff and. I have um a little bit more. There's always an offer connected to what we do.

I'm just going to be very upfront with that. But tonight's offer is going to be super special. And the reason for that when we get to it is because let me get let me jump out of this. Today is our birthday.

So what. I mean is. I'm celebrating two birthdays today. Right.

Today is the uh 34 years ago today my. First daughter. Tracy. Aaron was born.

And. So. I'm really happy to say happy birthday. Tracy.

You probably won't see this because you don't watch me. But. But my daughter's out there. And her birthday happens to be 3 days before mine.

So we're going to celebrate today two birthdays at once. So you might want to stay on until the end of tonight to see what we got cooked up because tonight. I'm going to give you a bunch of presents because. I'm happy.

Is that cool if you like that idea type it in the chat. All right. So let's talk about are you actually in the right. Place right.

Is this going to be the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours because we don't do short webinars right. In fact shout out to. Julie.

Holmes who. Julie when. I. First met her and.

I was visiting my parents in. Pennsylvania she and two or three of our of uh her fellow students drove three hours from. New. York.

City to hang out with me in. Allentown. Pennsylvania drinking and dancing right. So.

I remember that. Julie. I still have the pictures right. I'll never post them.

But. I have them. That being said how many of you by show of hands in the chat would like to be the most fascinating interesting charismatic person in the room if you would if that's something you'd like more of type that in the chat. How many of you would like to stop being afraid would stop would love to stop being insecure and feel more comfortable moving through the world being comfortable in your own skin radiating more confidence and and and seeing and having people look.

To you as a true leader. Would that be something that might be helpful to you would you like to be able to to command more money on your job pass those performance reviews better book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve right. If you'd like to be able to actually protect yourself from being emotionally manipulated and handle difficult people if that's something you'd like more of type that in the chat.

Right. If you'd like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally follow your lead you're going to really want to pay attention tonight. And here's why.

How many people here by show of. That's. Me in the chat have ever been to like a mentalism show or a psychic just type yes. In the chat.

I'm not going to judge. Right. This is about how to be scientifically psychic. Right.

All right. So you ever notice that when you go to the psychic or you've watched people at a mentalist show or or something like that that after the person has a few hits like the person gets a couple of things right. The person they're reading starts to hang on their words more and more and more. Maybe you start to see this look.

Anybody ever see that look. Or something similar okay. What you're seeing is a neurological phenomena. Okay.

What happens to us as human beings is anytime we're in the presence of somebody that we feel is an authority figure who we feel has some kind of extraormal insight into who we are and what we are we become hyper suggestible and hyper respponsive and hyperconnected to that person. Okay. Now. I notice.

I led with hyper respponsive. Why did. I do that because some people are. So terrified of of their privacy being violated that the minute somebody demonstrates that kind of a knowledge they feel that and they bolt.

They get super defensive or or say "No. That's not me.". Right. They go into denial.

You may have seen that from time to time. I'm telling you what's happening. Normally that the person is not wrong. Normally what's happened is the person was right.

And that person goes into shock. Okay. So here's a warning to you for those of you who are going to master the art and science of face reading. People will become hyper respponsive to you.

Any hypnosis skills that you have any influence skills that you have will be magnified tenfold if you're deploying face reading while they're doing your your influence techniques. Okay. So. I'm just.

I'm just putting that out there right. If. I you are going to be um and again. I use.

I use this term with love and kindness. But. I'm going to be very straightforward. After this training you become a very dangerous human being positive or negative.

Right. Face reading has that kind of power. It's a force multiplier. It's a social x-ray that gives you instant insight into a person or group of people and allows you to make long-term predictions that usually wind up being pretty accurate.

Let me ask you a question. If you could look. At somebody and predict eight out of 10 times what they were going to do how they were going to respond how they're going to answer in a given situation would that change your life yes. Or yes.

Right. What if you knew exactly what to say and do to to influence that person eight out of 10 times would that make a a difference in how your life works out okay. Sorry. I got a little distracted by somebody doing butt jokes in the chat room he won't be joining us anymore.

By the way. I should have warned you we do have people in the troll in the um who are on what we call whacka troll duty right. If you're in the chat um please by all means behave yourself and and don't do things that are distracting to people who are here to actually learn something. Thank you.

Okay. That being said um. So. Seth is saying uh.

I. Oh wait. What's he talking about are we. Okay.

Anyway moving on. Um. So how many of you would like to nail more job interviews anybody or inspire your employees all these things and more are possible when you start to master face reading. So my promise to you today is if you stay until the end of the webinar.

I'm going to teach you in a very very quick way how to understand people's personality and temperament. Remember we don't we can't determine a person's character um you know based on face reading. Although a lot of times when you look. At somebody's temperament you look.

At their environment a lot of times you'll start to get an idea of what this person is like. Okay. But the idea behind face reading is that regardless of what they're like you have a better idea of how to handle them how to manage them and things of that nature. If you'd like to learn how to track and for those how many how many client how many therapists or coaches or healers people in the healing arts do we have and who are trans change workers agents of transformation uh things of that nature how many we got in the chat or in the on the webinar tonight okay.

So my question to you is if you could look. At somebody and know about all the types of trauma not necessarily what happened. But was it grief or was it sadness was it loneliness was it uh over um overgiving was it fear was it anger if you could look. At a person's face and see all of their repressed emotion if you could look.

At them and know how they would respond to different types of advice or direction that you're giving them would that make your job as a coach or a healer or a change worker easier congratulations. You're on the fast track right. If you want the fast track to again x-rays of people's minds and emotions the fast track to accelerating the level of suggestability compliance and influence that you get. This is the class that does it.

Okay. Um we're going to go way beyond things like. NLPI accessing cues and things of that nature. All right.

So um. I asked this earlier. But. I didn't get a lot of answers.

So. I'm going to ask it again. How many of you by a show of hands or that's me in the chat what do you want to use this for right. What did you come here if you can't if there was the one or two things that you came away from tonight you would said "That was completely worth my time.

I can't wait to do more.". What would that be for you type that in the chat for me. Richard says "Continue entertaining people in public.". Tracy says "Help my clients lose weight.".

Oh very good. Okay. Protect myself. Okay.

Very good. Okay. Excellent. So let's talk about this whole face reading stuff shall we i'm surprised uh.

Edie says uh develop more instincts. Oh. I was wondering. Annette.

I was wondering when somebody was going to show up with that question. How to tell if someone is lying. There is a way with classical face reading um to tell if somebody's lying. But it's a little bit more woowoo than the scientific approach.

But if you combine them you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. So we're gonna look. At uh some kind some approaches to lie detection tonight. Okay.

Um. So wise guy says "Sales and chicks. I. I.

Second that emotion.". Maddie says "Learn to talk to people.". Michael says "Instant rapport increase my empathy.". Oh.

God. You got you guys are getting the motherload today. Uh just understand people better. Well that's on the to-do list as my my.

Sefue used to say in in my uh my kung fu classes and stuff like that. All right. So let's talk about understanding. Let's start with one basic idea.

Human beings can't resist themselves. Let me say that two more times because we're going to keep coming back to it. Human beings can't resist themselves. What their nervous system creates their nervous system accepts.

So as you read people you need to be able to calibrate um what they're saying and how they're saying it and build that into how you're responding. So we have a process we call the echo technique which is super simple. You just repeat back the words they use and whatever responses you make and people will start to automatically fall into deeper rapport. When you start linking things you want them to do to things you see on their face their brain.

I shouldn't be. I shouldn't be teaching you this. What did. I just do okay.

When you start linking things you see on their face to things you want them to believe or do their brain will start to process it as at the same level of certainty and truthfulness as a belief. It's called a cause and effect statement. And in in when you come to. NLP or you come to.

Killer. Influence or. Defense. Against the.

Dark. Arts you'll learn about these these superhypnotic language patterns. Well a lot of the the most powerful language patterns that. I think are the sexiest are sexy because nobody can detect them and you can't actually stop them from doing what they do.

In other words when. I say as you listen to what. I'm saying you can realize just how quickly you want to learn how to do this. So you can get more of what you want.

And that makes sense right. Type in the chat. That made sense right. And here's my question.

For those of you holding back from typing "Yeah that's right." in the chat waiting for the trick. Here's the trick. How does you sitting there listening to me explain anything allow you to do anything there's no. Logical connection between that.

But because. I used a cause and effect structure in my language and. I linked the. First part of that cause and effect structure to something your your nervous system has to verify.

In other words you're sitting there watching me and listening to me speak. Your system goes "Yep he's doing that. Other part must be true too.". Right.

Because you were looking at me and. I used that. First and. Then led with what.

I wanted you to believe your brain just went right. Into it and said okay. That's fine and and honestly if id have just kept talking you'd have just kept believing right. Well.

Shane it's not that. I'm hypnotizing you it's that. I'm hypnotizing you right. Now what do.

I mean by that here's the thing you need to understand about cause and effect statements you can't communicate hate without using them. Let me say that two more times. There's two core language patterns that are are fundamental in any form of verbal or linguistic communication regardless of what language you speak. Cause and effect.

X causes. Y or complex equivalence. Now complex equivalence is a very complicated way of saying. X means.

Y. Something means. Y right. Anytime you communicate with another human being there's always going to be something that's doing something that's causing something that means something.

That's the core. That's the the backbone of all human communication. There is no. Way to communicate without some form of cause and effect or complex equivalent structure in your language.

It is. So fundamental. It is. So hardwired deep into your nervous system.

It can't be shortcircuited. Right. Now if. I understand the dynamics which you now have a basic understanding of that if.

I understand the dynamics of that and. I intentionally link the. First part of that sentence to something your nervous system knows to be true it will automatically assume whatever follows it is just as true. Said it two more times.

If. I link something that your nervous system has accepted and validated as true to the. Second part of that sentence your nervous system will give the the. Second part of that sentence the same level of truth and veracity as the.

First part. One more time. If. I take something that your system has validated and verified is true and.

I link it through the cause and effect structure to the. Second part of the sentence your nervous system will process the. Second part of that sentence and it doesn't matter what it is with the same level of truth and belief as the. First part the part that it knows is true.

So when you start reading faces you have to be careful of the meanings you assign to things and you the causes you assigned to things. So for example uh how many of you would like would would would like to be able to um how many of you would like to be able to look. At somebody and know very very quickly how how they make decisions would that be useful in your in your line of work right. Uh.

Brighton. I actually did give you an example. It probably went over your head. It probably went past you though.

Right. All right. So let's look. I'm going to go back to sharing my screen u because we're going to talk about decision structures and.

Then we're going to talk about um maybe what we'll do is we'll go through what we'll do for uh part one of tonight's webinar is we'll go through fundamentals. We'll look. At decision strategies. We'll look.

At emotions. Uh we'll look. At public versus private. And.

Then part three of the webinar we'll go back and we'll we'll go through the 7-second profile uh eyebrows eyes. Lips head shapes right. So that we have the fundamentals the things we absolutely need to know and. So we know what we're looking at.

Part two will be where. I'm going to teach you how to get access to the entire training. The pieces. I'm sharing with you are pulled from our.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts course.

They're pulled from our face reading for fun and profit um uh series as well as our classical face reading series. So there's three or four different ways to get this training. But the pieces. I'm sharing with you like.

I said they're they're little um uh samples. So to speak of a much bigger uh a much bigger system. So let's look. At decision- making right.

Before. I uh before. I before we move on um is this useful are you guys actually getting something out of this okay. So what you're seeing here is a copy of uh a map from uh my teacher's book.

Face. Reading and. Chinese. Medicine by.

Lillian. Bridges. Um if you take the head and you divide it. I don't know if.

I can. I want to see if. I can. I feel like a weatherman right.

So. I feel uh let me see if. I can do this here. All right.

So if you look. At the top zone here right. That's what we call the heaven zone. You want to take the head and you want to divide it into three zones.

So the. First thing we're going to look. At is the heaven zone. Now anybody here study uh uh any form of.

So the top zone is what we call the heaven zone. People with a much larger upper zone are people who are very data driven they like my my good friend and partner uh in. Jet. Webinar uh.

Brandon. Burr who's actually on the on the on the webinar tonight. Um he has a very very dominant high forehead and high uh crown. So he's his his upper zone is very very large.

Mine is very very large. And. So anytime he's very very data driven. So anytime that.

I ask. Brandon for an update on how the business is doing he answers me with a spreadsheet right. Uh. But he's also datadriven people are also very big on abstraction.

So one of the things that you're going to see with people who are predominantly with this upper middle zone they'll have a little bit more dissociation to them. They'll be more what we call in. NLP terms digital right. They will tend to be not quite as emotional unless the other zones are are just as big.

So these people are going to be very data driven. If they if you work with somebody who's got a very high forehead a very large head in this area you're looking at somebody who wants to see the numbers before they make a decision. That's what they want to see. First.

Show me your data. Right. My wife has a a very interesting forehead because she worked in biotech for a long time. And.

So a lot of times people would come to her and they would start telling her the conclusions of the research or her mother was also a scientist. They would start giving her the conclusions of the research and the. First thing she would say is. I don't want to don't tell me what you conclude.

Give me the data. I'll make my own conclusion. Right. Super big forehead.

Okay. Good way to test this for yourself. If there's any tech campuses or um where you live like down here in. San.

Diego we have. Qualcomm and we have a bunch of other um defense department places and things of that nature right. Go hang out around those places during lunchtime and count and look. At the eggheheads.

And. I don't mean eggheheads in a bad way. You'll see that the vast majority of people who are very very technologically oriented very data oriented this could be an auditor this could be a programmer this could be um uh any kind of analyst right. You're going to see this super high u forehead right.

Now same idea. Let's let's jump down to the bottom of the face. We jump down to the bottom of the face and you see somebody who has a much larger lower zone. Right.

This is somebody who is very very physical or emotionally driven. This is somebody who goes off their gut off their instinct off their intuition. Right. You can give them the data all day long you can tell them all show them all the amazing things it's going to do for them.

At the end of the day they're either going to love it or they're not right. They're going to love it or they're not. So good way to see a lot of this kind of energy is if you go to um if you go to an. MMA gym or like a 24-hour fitness.

But. But go to a place where like a. CrossFit gym. Crossfits are probably better.

Crossfits extreme martial arts things of that nature walk in and look. At the jaws versus the the ratios of the jaw size to the forehead size. Not that people who do those kinds of things are stupid or or not intelligent or don't think of data or anything like that. But what you're going to see is because of the preponderance of testosterone usually in the system you're going to see a much fuller bigger jaw that lends itself to athletic activities it it lends itself to much more emotional visceral decision making.

Okay. Now if you uh if you want to see how some of the neurotransmitter pathways relate to face work uh. I recommend you pick up a copy of why. Him why her uh by.

Dr. Helen. Fischer. She actually has a very small segment a section uh in that book.

That that talks about how different dominances of neurotransmitters create certain facial characteristics and that's one of the things that goes into the modern aspect of face reading is that it's about neurotransmitter pathway hormonal dominances and. Then lifestyle. Lifestyle is one of the biggest factors in how a person's face will change and morph over time. Okay.

Um if for those of you who like to do research if you go and you get my my teachers book. Um. Face. Reading in.

Chinese. Medicine by. Lillian. Bridges um at the very beginning of that book.

You're going to see pictures of couples couples who uh 20 30 40 years ago were just getting married. They were just dating. And. Then the same couples 40 50 years.

Later and they they go from being very very distinct looking individuals to people who look. Very very similar almost like brother and sister. Why is that it's because of the proximity the mirror neuron effect the vibration and the rapport that's built between those couples. As they start as their thinking patterns start to align more and more their behaviors start to align more and more they start moving towards synergy.

They start moving towards entrainment. And it's very very powerful to see this. Your face is constantly changing. And this is why in in our systems we have what we call passive profiling and active profiling.

Passive profiling is what we're doing right. Now. This is this is the core uh banks and rivers of your face. The mountains the banks the rivers the geography of it.

Active profiling are changes to that geography in the moment. So if. I'm talking to you and you lie to me and all of a sudden and and you thought you got away with it and and you have a little tiny microscond of a smile it's called duping delight right. That's a that's a momentary change in a person's facial architecture that lets them know there's emotions below the surface that are trying to be masked or held back right.

So they're very complimentary. But they're very different studies. The face reading that we're doing here is the consequence of a lifetime a lifetime of these microp expressions building up over time. So um hopefully that's useful for you guys.

Okay. Rhinum. Stonehedge is saying "We are understanding the structure of your processes more and more.". Well.

I hope. So. Brighton says "I think you gave the example before the explanation. So.

I missed how it works.". All right. I'll give you a. Brighton for those of you who missed it the.

First time. I'm going to give it to you again. But. I have to warn you about something.

One of the side effects which is one why it's. So hard to get caught using this language. One of the side effects of using hypnotic language well is spontaneous amnesia. So unless.

I give it to you in a very discreet very uh micro scaled down way you would you would act if. I if you weren't writing it down or really paying attention for it uh it would just go in and you would just have amnesia that had ever happened. Uh. Paxing what are some good books for face reading start with face reading in.

Chinese medicine uh by my teacher. Lillian. Bridges. Um.

I'm actually working on a couple of books um that combine the old school approach to face reading with modern face reading. So there's always that. But. I'll show you how to get access to a lot of powerful information.

So has what. I share with you useful. So far is this helping you just type in the chat. So.

I know. Okay. So that leaves us one final zone. Excellent.

Thank you. That leaves us one final zone to talk about and that is the middle zone. Right. So just to be very clear the upper zone of the body can be seen from the top of the head to the eyebrow line.

The middle zone is seen from the eyebrow line to the base of the nose. And. Then the middle the lower zone is done from the base of the filtrum to the tip of the chin. Okay.

So when we look. At somebody and. I. I'm gonna.

I'm going to jump out of my my screen share here just for you guys. So. I'm going to get a little bit closer to the camera as you look. At my face.

Okay. Which zone is bigger do. I have a bigger upper zone a bigger middle zone or a bigger lower zone. So.

Richard says forehead upper zone. So it's pretty obvious right. I'm pretty. I'm pretty heady.

What would you say is my secondary zone in other words if this is my biggest one right. And sometimes in the class. I'll teach you uh to do it from here to here. Sometimes.

I'll teach you to do it from here to here right. Uh. I found use in both. But.

I was traditionally taught here to here is our is our upper zone. What's um what's my secondary is it here right. Or is it here middle. But it's close to.

So you could say very good. Richard. Um and. Donna says middle.

Michael says middle. Kenny says middle. Okay. So if we were to be doing a reading of the three zones of my face and creating a profile of me we would say "Show me the data.

I got some interesting information. David. I think you're going to find it really useful.". Why would.

I say really useful because my middle zone is my pragmatic zone. People who have a zone the middle zone that is much bigger than the other zones are people who are very show me what. I can do with it. Don't tell me the data.

Show me what. I how's that data going to help me how's it going to make my life easier what's it going to do for me right. When you see someone with these big middle zones they're all about application. They want to know how what you're presenting to them is going to make their life better or in some cases how what you're presenting to them if they don't act on it the way you want to is their life is going to get worse and harder.

Right. People with this they love it or they don't. It's an emotional thing. People with this they want to know how it's going to make their life better or or or uh harder if they don't do it.

They want the data that supports it. Now it's easy to think that if. I if you look. At me and say "Hey.

David's a data guy right. He's he wants information.". And it's true. I do.

And you stop there you're going to get my attention for a minute. But the. Next question. I'm what will be if you give me this data right.

What's the. Next question. I'm most likely to ask based on my facial architecture again this is the interactive portion of tonight. Richard says "How's it going to help anything else how how else would you word it what can it do for me?".

Excellent. Donna. Right. Because that's exactly anybody who knows me who's presented me with data.

What's the fir for th those you veterans in. Planet. David who've come up to me with really interesting information or something that they've discovered. What do.

I usually say after you present it usually something along the lines of what can you do with it right. Why because. I have this massive middle zone and. Then.

I'm and depending on how. I'm gonna on on what you can do with it. I'm gonna love it right. So you have a sequence of information that you present to the person ba exactly.

Julie is it useful right. I spent a lot of time sorting through data to find what's useful and when it's really useful. I really love it and that's how you present to me right. That's how you present now what.

Let's let's invert that for a moment. Let's say you look. At me and my jaw is like down to my knees right. And my middle zone's the same and my upper zone is small.

Like maybe my hairline is really close to my eyebrow line which means something very significant which we'll talk about. Later. But how would you present to me now what is that what do you know now about my process for making a decision what do you know i'm emotional. Michael's asking "What if all parts have the the same size?".

Great question. This person is usually indecisive right. Very rare to find someone who has exactly the same proportions. But sometimes the the the proportions are.

So small it's hard to tell. So. Richard says "Start with facts go to usefulness.". Uh if if if.

I have a large lower zone no. I probably wouldn't start with facts. Richard. I would start with dude you're dude dudet you're going to love this is what it's going to do for you and here's all the data that proves what.

I'm saying right. I'm going to start with why. I'm going to love it now you have to be careful and we'll talk about this when we get to eyebrows there's a common phenomena in human nervous systems called reactants right. If.

I go if. I come up to somebody and. I say you're going to love hey you should hear about this you're going to love there's a part of me that says "Oh yeah.". So you have to be careful to neutralize reactants when you're presenting something right.

Because a lot of times that'll that that blanket statement like that will trigger filters right. So what we've learned now is that when. I look. At somebody and can.

I can. I do the can. I make a an extra how fast did it take you to figure out how big my forehead was and my top of my head was versus the rest of my face. How long did that take you once.

I asked you the question a. Second maybe two seconds. What do you think not long right. That's what.

I mean. And here's the best part. You can do that from across the room right. Before you've even engaged with that person before they're even aware of you you can start to begin this profile.

Nathan says less than 20 seconds. Great. It's a great place to start right. So the idea here is how quickly once we know what to look.

At and what to look. For and what it means how quickly can we zero in visually on those attributes. Right. So remember that when we look.

At the the three decision zones of the face and by the way there is some direct correlation between these three zones here and the three zones in graph analysis and handwriting analysis which is a neurologically based system. All right. So there's again we can back this up. So the idea here is there's a there's a sequence right.

If. I see someone who's got a really big middle zone really big upper zone and. Then a smaller lower zone what do. I know what do.

I know what should. I lead with assuming let's let's say that the middle zone is a little bit bigger than the upper zone just to keep it simple. What should. I lead with what's it going to do for them right.

What's the pro here think at marketing. What's the problem you're what you're presenting is going to solve for them right. What's the. Well.

Philip it's a great that's a great question. If they're if you're if they're if their upper zone and their middle zone are basically the same size you're safe going either way as long as you hit both of them. But if we assume that their middle zone is a little bit bigger it's going to be safer leading with the problem that you're going to solve for them and. Then supporting it with the data.

Okay. So your. First your. First home play right.

Is to go out into the world or look. At celebrities and look. At their three zones and. Then do a behavioral analysis of the decisions they've made and and the actions they've taken.

And when they talk notice what they lead with. Do they lead with data do they lead with the problem that needed to be solved do they lead with how they they found this thing that they absolutely fell in love with a lot of times not every time. But a lot of times those will come out in the language. They'll come out in the language right.

In in how they begin to to sort of. I was doing this research on the internet the other day and. I came across this thing. Boom.

And. I just fell in love with it because. I realized how. I could use it to do.

X. Y and. Z. Now based on that languaging what what kind of facial architecture do you think that person would have.

So. Philip is asking while uh guys type your answer in the question in the chat while. I. I answer.

Philip's question. Can the zones be correlated to particular speaking habits that you can pick out early in a conversation i believe yes. Do. I have data to support that no.

I. I've never thought to actually collate or collect data on that. But. I would encourage you guys to go out and do that right.

That would be a great that would be a great study right. Uh. But. I think.

I think also we'd have to actually look. At context too right. Neurallinguistically speaking there should be a correlation a lot of times right. Um if the theory holds right.

But. I you guys are the. First ones that. I've ever talked with to this about.

So um. So can we use this is this something we can go out in the world and use yes. Or no. Yes.

Or yes. As. D. Harve would say.

Okay. All right. Let me get out of draw mode. So my thing doesn't lock up.

All right. Let's talk about social masks. Now. I've studied with a lot of different a lot of amazing people in a lot of different ways and regardless of where they're pulling their information from.

So for example in. NLP uh and in body language training that. I learned when. I was in undergrad um for those of you who don't know.

I was actually a dual major for a little while. I was a dual major in uh premed and uh as well as um criminal just criminal justice and that's where. I actually learned um my my uh kinesisic interview and interrogation. I was actually trained in interview and interrogation um in college.

I actually took. That training and it was one of the most fascinating courses. I'd already had a background in. NLP when.

I got there. So. I. I just nailed it hands down.

I absolutely loved it. But one of the things that was consistent from when. I trained with. Dr.

Janny. Johnson when. I trained uh through the. Tad.

James systems up through. Richard. Banler when. I worked with.

Chase. Hughes uh when. I worked with uh. Seafood.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson the one regardless of whether you're coming from the deeply spiritual side of things or you're coming from the purely mind control military uh brainwashing application stuff espionage tradecraft you name it. The one thing that everybody agrees on is that every human out there including you is wearing a mask.

Usually more than one. They're wear they're called we call them social masks. Right. Now the ancient.

Dowists in their study of human psychology the. Buddhists in their study of human psychology and as it applies to face reading discovered you know what human beings are wearing masks. And two of the masks that they wear can be seen very very clearly on the face if you know what to look. For and how to look.

At it. Okay. So most people because we live in a right-handed world which tends to be rational linear logical we tend to be right. Eye dominant.

Because we're right. Eye dominant we tend to look. At people primarily through our right. Eye which means we see them from the from the rational logical linear thinking mind.

Our left eye our left brain controls the emotional holistic subconscious side of us. But because most of us are not operating intentionally from that place most of the time we don't see the world as much through that left eye hemisphere. So one of the things my teacher taught me is that if you want to start to really see people holistically if you want to see people through the lens of the unconscious mind learn to look. At them through the left eye.

Like you look. At the left side of their face through the left eye and you'll see the face differently than when you see it through the right. Eye. Okay.

Now if you're a lefty means you're always in your right. Mind. I'm teasing. No.

It's not. I'm not teasing actually. But the truth is you might want to play with you might want to play with switching it up and seeing you know get yourself just look. At how a person's face changes when you look.

At it through the left eye versus the right. Eye. Now that being said when we look. At the face.

I'm going to go back to my images here. By the way just for my edification do you guys like um me having the image in the background is that is that helpful for you guys nice. But not necessary. Does this get posted as a video after the love session well the love session's a different class.

Aries. But the short answer is yes. There will be a replay for this. Okay.

Uh let me see if. I can get it back. Hold on a. Second.

Okay. I kind of like it. But every now and. Then.

I don't want you to see what. I'm looking at. So right. I'm trying to make this very organic for you guys.

So we're going to talk about social masks. And. Then if it's okay. With you uh.

I'd like to show you how to take this training how to get access to the the whole chantel the whole training. Would that be fair would that be okay. I promised. I'd take you as far as.

I could. It's okay. To show you what. I've got planned for you because it's our birthday right.

Excellent. All right. So what you're seeing here once again is a this was t adapted from my teacher's book. Face reading in.

Chinese medicine person's right. Side the right. Side of their face is their public face. A person's left side of their face is their private face.

So how do we use this well the. First thing that has to happen is when we start looking at when we start trying to perceive the out the public and the private face of the human being there are certain contexts in which one is more useful than the other. The. First thing we want to look.

For is symmetry. How symmetrical are the features themselves. The eyes. The eyebrows the the nose the the lips.

A lot of times you'll look. At people's lips and you'll notice that they're actually quite asymmetrical in terms of thickness in terms of weightedness. What you'll see a lot of times in people with these really asymmetrical fi um fi uh features ex. I mean an exaggerated um asymmetry.

Everybody has some degree of asymmetry. What you're seeing a lot of times is a lot of the a lot of fluidity in their emotional states. I've seen a lot of people that have certain especially around the lips uh have all kinds of boundary issues emotional sensitivities easily triggered um in certain situations. Same thing with the eyes.

A lot of times when you see an asymmetry in the eyes. There's usually some kind of not. I wouldn't. I don't want to go as.

So far as to say split personality. But they can be they're very murial. They can be very different people and have very different responses from moment to moment to moment. Right.

So if we're looking at somebody's left face and their right. Face remember that the right. Face the right. Face is always the face they want you to see the face they show the public.

When a person goes to the office this is the face. This is the identity they want you to perceive them as. This is the identity they're operating from. When you look.

At their left face now you're seeing who they are in the dark. You're seeing who they are when they're home. The blinds are closed. The curtains are drawn right.

They're with their most intimate friends or they're completely by themsel. Nobody's looking. This is who they truly are. These are the feelings that they're dealing with or as is often the case when you look.

At their face not dealing with. Okay. And if you ever take a take a picture of somebody and you cut it in half and you superimpose two right. Sides together and you superimpose two left sides together they'll look.

Like very completely different faces. Okay. Don't believe me. Grab.

Photoshop and do it. You'll be amazed. Right. Um you can see you can learn to see these things very very quickly.

Right. Now what else are we looking at well we're looking at asymmetry the symmetry of the features for sure. The. Next thing we want to look.

At is lines and wrinkles. Are the are the wrinkles on their face symmetrical how long are they how deep do they go the length and depth of the wrinkle lines determine how long that stuff's been there and how much of it there is. Okay. So if you're a therapist a change worker a coach a manager and you've got somebody with these super long lines and very deep lines if they're symmetrical they're that way characterologically.

They're there that they're that way no. Matter they're at the office or whether they're at home. If they're deeper on one side if they're deeper on the public face when they go to work that shit's happening. That's what they're dealing with.

That's what they're processing or suppressing. Usually when you see these wrinkles it's overuse. So it's suppression. It's overuse of microp expressions or emotional areas.

And. So they'll be longer and deeper. The more repressed it is the longer it'll be there or the longer the marking will be the more superficial there'll be no. Marking at all or very short very very very uh shallow.

If you conversely if we look. At somebody and the the the private site has all these markings and these deep lines and over here there's almost nothing. Well we now we know what's going on when they when they go out the door to go to work. They're a different human being right.

They don't take things as person. They don't repress things. They don't hold on to things. But when they get home all that comes out right.

Useful not useful. Type it in the chat. Okay. Cool.

All right. So here's what. I'd like to do. If it's okay.

I'd like to take some time and show you how to get access to the entire training system plus a whole bunch of cool bonuses that we put together. And because it's my birthday. I threw in a couple of extra goodies just for you. Um and.

Then when we when we're done with that. I want to circle back. I want to pick up with emotions and. I want to look.

At um again we we'll customize the content for the exact applications that you want. I know a lot of you are asking about dating and attraction. Some of you are looking about lie detection. We'll start customizing some of that because some of the traits were for the 7-second profile that we're going to talk about are are similar things that we would look.

For that could indicate more of a prepundonderance to deception than others right. U it's actually really useful. Okay. U and we'll go and from that point we'll go on as long as you want.

Uh and we'll just keep uh keep teaching until you can't you can't stand me anymore right. Uh let me find my. PowerPoint which seems to have disappeared. Oh there it is.

Okay. So um with your permission hold on a. Second. With your permission.

I'd like to teach you about our face reading for fun and profit how to read anyone home study course. This is a program that. I designed. It's a basic reworking and a reorganization of all the amazing skills that.

I learned from my teacher. Lillian. Bridges uh combined into a much more linear nonoriental medicine format. In other words you don't have to have a background in.

Chinese energetics. You don't have to have a background in kung fu taichi martial arts acupuncture. You don't need any of that to be amazing at reading people in as little as 90 seconds. In fact the very.

First goal is to be able to read anyone any time in from from the from the top of the head to the to the mask line in 90 seconds. And. Then we go even deeper and teach you how to do the whole face right. Uh it's one of the most powerfully useful skills.

I've ever come across. And. I really believe that it can dramatically shorten the curve and move the needle in your life as well. So without any further ado here's what we're going to be doing with you.

Right. Face reading is all about helping you take your life to the. Next level. It's about learning to understand yourself and others probably better than you ever thought possible.

What you'll notice from day to day to day is every time you get up in the morning your face will be different. When you meet people and you go through change work the face that comes out of your chair will be different than the one that got in it. Don't believe me how many face readers we got in the chat type your experiences watching faces change right. In front of you when that shit's cleared up right.

You're going to be have the ability to decode behavior and research and understand people instantly. You'll be able to make predictions that will be more true more often than not based on what you read from the face. You'll be able to help more people and feel more confident and more powerful in your life. And.

I'm not just talking about physical power. I'm talking about economic power. I'm talking about relationship and social power professional power. Power is the ability to make something happen.

The ability to move the needle of your life forward. And that's what face reading allows you to do faster and better than just about anything. It presupposes. I'll be upfront with you it presupposes that you have the skills of influence necessary to deliver your messages right.

That there is a presupposition there. But whatever communication skills you have are going to be dramatically enhanced just by having the ability to look. At a face and know things about that person that even their best friends don't know. Okay.

You're going to find yourself winning more and more and more. And as a byproduct of this you're going to discover that people just hang on your every word. You'll become instantly more charming charismatic. I.

I'll dare say irresistible. Not because remember what. I talked about earlier about the whole mentalism effect. When somebody demonstrates knowledge of you that or of a person that they couldn't possibly know unless they were psychic or downloaded by.

God himself or whatever we become very very hyper respponsive to people. We want them to tell us more about ourselves. Remember at the beginning of the webinar. I said human beings can't resist themselves.

Did you remember you guys remember me saying that yes. Or yes. This is an this is an aspect of that. The most powerful the most favorite topic of every human being on the planet is them.

And the moment you get them focused on themselves they'll go into a massive pleasure state. And they'll link that pleasure to you. That suggestability that connection that trust will be linked to you. So when.

I say charming charismatic irresistible. I am not kidding. Now with great power comes great responsibility. I repeat that two more times.

With great power comes great responsibility. Last time. Then. I'm not going to quote.

Spider-Man anymore. With great power comes great responsibility. Why because you are going to have the ability to open up somebody like a can opener and find every secret and every hot button that they have positive or negative and use it. It's not uncommon for people who go who especially therapists and we have therapists in the chat who can verify this.

It's not uncommon when you use face reading in a coaching session or a therapeutic session for people to become hyperreactive to what you say. Right. And this can be weaponized. So again.

I. I want you to be. I want you to use it with respect with love and kindness. But don't be afraid to use to protect yourself if the need arises right.

And there's many different ways that you can use this to protect yourself. Right. But we train the good. Jedi not the bad.

Jedi. Any karma you reap from the misuse of these skills. God's watching. All right.

That's all. I'm going to say. Right. Let's move on.

So everything. I'm going to share with you in the. Next 20 30 minutes or. So is good until.

April 17th. That's my daughter's birthday right. She's 34 today. I know.

I know 34. Yes. Uh. I won't tell you how old.

I am right. Uh expires at 11:59 p.m tonight. Let's talk about secrets of the the secrets of face reading home study course. This is a course that.

I. First launched uh many years ago uh right. Before. COVID as a matter of fact.

And uh it's a course that really does um in a lot of ways change the game. It will give you instant access to how to assess personality and temperament. Like. I said character is something you can extrapolate.

But it's not something that's going to be shown any in any specific feature or group of features on the face right. Uh it's going to teach you how to make how people make thinking and decision-making style. So that you can tailor how you present yourself and how you talk to them to that person's own unique formula. Think of it like a little code that you punch in that automatically gets people to process things the way you want them to do.

Right. These skills will allow you to read personality temperament trauma history uh and. So much more. You'll be able to unlock people's emotional trauma stuff they didn't even know they were holding on to.

You'll be able to zero in on the markings that allow you to to follow those trails of breadcrumbs and help them release those things. You'll learn people's management styles how they respond to authority how they exert author right. For example when you look. At somebody's chin if you have someone with a big chin you have someone who's very very willpower will willful they tend to be good leaders.

But people who have a more pointed chin tend to be more of. I am the king you will obey me type of a leader as opposed to people who have the broader squarer chin who are. I am the servant. I'm the leader.

How can. I help you right. There's they're both very powerful very strong very charismatic willful people. But the management style the way that that energy expresses itself is different.

Liam says "Planet. David vet here. I can 100% confirm the power of face reading. I'm now studying face reading too.".

And oh my god you guys. I'm using that testimonial. Liam. Thank you.

Right. Uh uh if you want to look. At somebody and and and find out if they're sexual romantically compatible to you. This is this was actually one of the major things that uh.

Lillian's family and and her her system that. I learned from is the. Chen lineage is a family lineage. A lot of what they were doing where they were working in the business world and they were working primarily in the matchmaking world.

So a lot of sexual and romantic compatibility is what we were taught. In fact. I'll be doing a course um based on one of. Lillian's programs called uh um uh sexuality and face reading and sexuality or love face to.

I'm going to call it face your love face your heart face to face. Um it's going to be all about how to use these things for romance and dating and uh if you're in a relationship how to how to work with your partner better uh and understand each other better. It's an application of the core skills that we're learning here. Um you'll find that as you go through.

Planet. David that a lot of the skills that we teach there are what we call core competencies and. Then there are application specific trainings where we take those core competencies and we apply it towards face reading. We apply it towards healing and and therapy.

We apply it towards coaching. We apply it towards energetics. But there's core systems in play that are supporting all of these different applications. Right.

That's pretty much how we've designed what we do uh face treating has a set of core applications. But it's also or a core of core competencies which is what this course is about and. Then of course you have all the different applications right. We also have a course on just for business right.

Um the ability to manage money and resources how how does how do people handle money it's on your face believe it or not right. Uh how how do you connect with people are you somebody who has more of an avoidant personality are you somebody who's more out outgoing and embracing or infolding are you more standoff offish right. Those things can be seen very very clearly on the face. In fact we'll talk a little bit about that in part three of the webinar.

Um obviously to understand yourself better. One of the things. I will warn you guys and face readers out there how many face readers do we have out in uh out in. La.

La. Land just type me in the chat. So we got. Richard we got.

Seth. Uh anybody else only two. I've taught hundreds of people face reading. Only two showed up.

They're all f they're all reading faces. That's why. All right. Well.

Anyway um. Shane. Oh. Shane.

Hey buddy. Shane's my my my brother from. Face. Reading.

He's out. He actually trained alongside me and. Lillian right. Uh.

So yeah. I miss you brother. You need to come out more. Nathan says "I like learning.".

So the idea is um every one of the things you have to be warned about is that once you learn this you can't turn it off. Every morning. I get up and. I stare at.

I stare at my face in the mirror for like 10 minutes studying the lines and wondering how they've changed and what. I need to do to get more transformation lines and all kinds of crazy stuff. Seth says it gets very annoying when watching movies. Right.

Right. So again this is a very very power like the. FedEx sign. And that says.

I really want. Well just stay tuned. I'll show you past an easy way to do that. Right.

So this is where we're going with face reading. I. I've taken a lot of the materials that. I've learned from my teacher and.

I've scoured the internet. I've looked for every single course she ever taught to the. Oriental. Medical community to other people and.

I've collated that information. I'm distilling it. I'm organizing it. I'm cross-referencing it with the most up-to-date scientific studies and we're we're coming out with different face reading systems based on specific applications.

But there are core competencies that you need to learn about. We also teach the full classical five element system that. I learned from my teacher uh because we believe that that lineage needs to go on in its original form. So there's there's many different ways that you can study face reading.

But it start this is probably for most of you. This is the best place to start because it you don't need to know anything about chi or or water earth wind fire. You don't need to know any of that to put this to work right. Away.

Okay. It's the most it's you and when you start applying it you'll automatically become the most fascinating person in the room. People you won't you'll have to run like you ever see those people running away from crowds chasing them. That was me a couple of times at at some of the conventions when.

I was teaching face reading. They would not leave me alone. So you have to be very careful how who you show this to and who you share it with right. And if you one of those people who doesn't like to be fooled right.

If you've dated the same guy with a different face or the same girl with a different face over and over and over again this will help you find look. Below the mask. So you can start m um avoiding those things. So the secrets of face reading home study course is a $1,997 value and it by itself will change your life.

But because most of you are going to be doing this uh from home you're going to need support. You're going to need other types of information. And. So.

I wanted to make this package the most comprehensive and supportive and well-rounded program that. I could. So uh for those of you who click the link when we show it or if you want the link scream it out now and. I'll have.

Mia post it for you guys. I put in some other courses that will help support you and round out your ability to to use these skills in every aspect of your life. So the. First one that we're going to talk about is the fence against the dark arch.

Now you've heard me mention this a few times. One of the things. I loved about my face reading training with with. Lillian was when we talked about something called.

Shen. Shen is literally the heart and mind. It's the psycho emotional spiritual aspect of face reading. Now.

Lillian herself was very very much a student of psychology. There were two intelligence organizations that were actively courting her to get her to teach her face reading system to the. CIA. And there was one other agency which.

I. I won't mention because. I don't want to. I don't want to mention it and.

I don't actually want to be. I'm not 100% sure which agency that was. I think it was the um an agency north of us. Uh.

Lillian did not actually want to share this information uh with those people primarily because uh she was afraid it would be misused and understanding the power of face reading understanding her father herself is himself was a. CIA spy. He was actually an operative for the defense for the the central intelligence agency. Okay.

I can see why she felt that way. I. However encouraged her and. I know this is probably not going to be very popular.

I encouraged her to actually do that. I encouraged her to actually work with those people. She didn't. But.

I encouraged her. And here's why. You see if the. CIA wants something they're going to get it.

Period. The difference is if you work with them alongside of them you at least have some level of influence over how that information is used right. So it's like you know you w you fight the battles you can win you manage the ones you can't right. And.

So my belief was that if they're going to get it no. Matter what it's better to be able to have some influence over how it's used and and some level of direction over that information than to not have any. So that was my approach. She didn't like it.

But. I put that out there. Defense. Against the.

Dark. Arts. I'm very very proud of. Uh as you saw from our earlier um introduction.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts was ranked the number one.

NLP training program in the world by globalgurus.org. Um and. I believe it was done through nu uh 22 and 23. Uh 2024 we dropped to number two.

So we're still the. Second best. NLP training course in the world. I think.

And that's actually one of the reasons. I'm teaching more. NLP classes this year because. I think we don't have we're not certifying enough people in.

NLP. So my ranks dropping. Anyway. Defense.

Against the. Dark. Arts is a combination of our killer influence covert hypnosis training program which was ranked the number one. NLP program in the world before.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts.

But it's also has about 40 to 60% profiling. There's going to be face reading. There's going to be micro expressions are going to be the 21 distinct tells that uh social predators use when they try to manipulate you or gaslight you or future promise you or uh hoover you. Do you guys know what.

I mean when. I say uh future promise or hoovering do you guys know what that. I know you guys you guys probably know what gaslighting means. Yes.

You guys know what gaslighting means. Okay. Do you know what hoovering means okay. For those of you who don't know what hoovering is when you're in a relationship with a with a with a pred with someone who's um a psychological or predator uh a wife abuser child abuser um con man um things of that nature any kind of person high on the sociopathic narcissistic spectrum there's a lot of tactics that these people use to pull you into the relationship make you psychologically and emotionally depend dependent on them and.

Then to keep you there. But if you happen to get away in other words somehow someway you manage to pull yourself out of that relationship you manage to escape it. These predators will often engage in something called hoovering. Hoovering is like six or seven specific behavioral tactics that narcissistic machavelian uh dark triad type people use to pull you back to trick you back into that relationship.

We're going to cover uh that kind of stuff in depth in defense against the dark art. So yes. There's going to be a face reading component. There's also going to be a microexpression component.

I'm going to give you the whole uh a very quick list of everything that's offered in this program. But as an adjunct to the face reading training. I. I think you can see how it takes this core competency of face reading and moves it into this whole area of social um management social dynamic management and social engineering.

Right. This is a way that you can begin to arm yourself and equip yourself with the ability to perceive malevolent activities or um character disturbed individuals how to perceive them profile them and. Then implement specific strategies to protect yourself from them. That's the the the the long and short of.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts.

So in this course you're going to receive uh you're going to learn how to think like a master of influence and you're going to learn how psychological and psycho emotional predators social predators think and behave. So that you can inoculate yourself against those types of influences. How to control your own psycho emotional state. So no.

One else can. Power rapport skills for connecting with anyone any time anywhere. And that's our there's a reason we call a lot of our techniques real world hypnosis real world. NLP real world yada yada yada.

Because our motto is it's not it's nothing we do here is theoretical guys. Everything we do is about being able to do this stuff anytime anywhere under any situation in any circumstance with anyone. And. So we train you that way.

So the power rapport skills will teach you and expand your understanding of this basic phenomena of rapport from one area to three. And each of those areas has its own unique superpowers. We're going to teach you how to become a master of that in just a couple of days. Right.

Um we're going to teach you about the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist. Remember. I gave you one at the beginning of today's class where we take a cause and effect statement. We link something that's indisputable from that person's nervous from that person's perspective link it to something we want them to do or believe and they'll just go ahead and do it because the brain the filters of the brain just link those things together with the same intensity and certainty as a belief.

Right. You don't have to believe what. I'm saying. You can test it out.

All right. Um we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of others. And this is where face reading can truly powerfully change the game for you the the system we teach for emotional management in. Killer.

Influence is. Second to none. When you start layering in your ability to look. At people's facial traits create a profile and fine-tune that ability to influence to what you see and be able to monitor their the changes in their face.

It's it's almost not fair. But it's the most ethical fair way to do these things. Okay. Uh admit.

Adaci says "Hopefully narcissists won't be learning this. Here's the thing you need to understand about narcissists. A lot of them have certain filters in place that let them do exactly what we're teaching you to do. They actually do this stuff automatically.

That's what makes them. So charming and irresistible. What. I'm doing for you guys is.

I'm leveling the playing field. Okay. I'm leveling the playing field and. I'm giving you contingencies.

I'm giving you tactics and strategies that you can use to neutralize what these natural predators automatically do. Right. It's a great was a great s statement and this is how this is this is our answer to that. This whole program is our answer to social predation.

But it's also your your answer your key to social empowerment. It's about helping you become the best version of yourself living your best life helping as many people as humanly possible and never being taken advantage of again. That's the core of everything we're doing. Okay.

Going to teach you how to hijack a person's own internal behavior codes. We've talked a little bit about that. We'll teach you how other social predators try to do it. So you can avoid it and become aware of it.

Remember something and this is important. And. I tell this to all my students. They can verify what.

I'm about to tell you. My. First job as your teacher your guide your mentor is to have to help you to become progressively more aware. Because without awareness there is no.

Choice. Anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control. And just because it's outside of your awareness doesn't mean it's not influencing and controlling you. Okay.

That's job one as my te as as your teacher right. Then we're going to teach you how to use it. Okay. What else is going to be in this course we'll teach you the fundamentals of lie detection on demand how to spot sociopath narcissist and other evil a-holes right.

We're going to teach you speed profiling secrets for preventing predators from getting their hooks into you in the. First place and what to do to get out if they manage to get inside. We're going to teach you the predatory secrets of predatory psychology. In other words how do these think right.

What is the specific formula that they're going to apply how do we recognize that and. Finally how do we turn the tables on these narcissistic sociopathic machavelian predators and other types of social predators or persuasion um transgressors and. I'm not just talking about the average wife beater or or even the child abuser right. I'm talking about human traffickers.

I'm talking about drug dealers. I'm talking about pimps. I'm talking about anybody who's going to use social con artists um grifters. I'm talking about anybody who has a vested interest in preying on the socially weak disempowered or struggling.

Right. I want to teach you how they think what they look. For the victimology patterns that they follow and most importantly how to take yourself off that list. Okay.

That's what. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Arts is all about. It's a little bit of it's a little bit on no. Pun intended it's a little bit on the dark side. It's a little bit of a heavy topic right.

We try to make it as fun and and playful as we can because it's such a dark topic. But it's a topic that needs to be taught. It's something we all need. And if you're a coach or a therapist if you've ever had somebody tr dealt with transference that turned into a stalker we'll teach you how to flag that stuff right.

Off the bat. Okay. For those of you who uh who are change workers out there you know what. I'm talking about.

We're going to teach you hypnotic reframe techniques for winning arguments and keeping yourself from getting effectively gaslighted how to change your own limiting beliefs in seconds and overcome any um psychological linguistic attack that you're faced with. This is from our renegade reframing program and it's super super powerful. We're going to teach you the 21 conversational red flags that narcissists sociopaths and other forms of persuasion predators use to avoid taking responsibility shift the blame or gaslight you into into believing what they say and doing what they want. There's 21 different flags that come up in normal conversations.

Once you understand the patterns and how to reframe them you can neutralize them and break them apart. It won't get it won't be pleasant. But at least you'll know what to do. And.

Then. Finally we're going to take some time to teach you how to spot micro expressions changes and subtle facial cues. So that you can profile people in real time towards and away from them. Total value on this is $1,997.

Combined with uh. Secrets of. Face. Reading you're looking at a total value now of $3,994.

But we're not done yet. We got more stuff for you. So for those of you who are change workers for those of you who are coaches who help people become the best version of self overcoming traumas overcoming addictions overcoming phobias fears limiting beliefs self-sabotage we're going to include this program for you. This is my identity by design hypnotherapy home study program.

This is our flagship hypnosis and hypnotherapy training program. It will literally take you from zero to hero in terms of your ability to create very very powerful very very direct visceral change in people in the shortest amount of time possible. It will automatically give you the ability to unlock the power of the subconscious mind. You'll be able to hypnotize anyone any time anywhere for any reason.

You'll be able to remove blocks to their success limiting beliefs sometimes the limiting beliefs they didn't even know they had. You'll be able to find and remove hidden negativity negativity that goes away and comes back. Right. If you ever had something that you've gone to get treated got home.

Next day shit's back you don't know why. There's nothing wrong with you. There's little addendums and programs that your nervous system assigns to certain types of experiences that generate or in ter in some cases regenerate pain physical or emotional that go away and come back. We're going to show you how to systematically find those and remove them from the person including yourself.

Right. For for issues that go that clear up and just don't or and always come back. We'll show you how to diagnose that in the non-clinical version right. And how to apply the the fix to that.

How to resolve negativity from your past. How to change uh install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you really want to be more like right. How to remove that crappy voice from your head. The one that the voice in your head that just said what voice right.

All you got to do is follow the process. It's called. Voice of. Authority and is one of the most powerful experiences you can go through.

We're going to teach you how to do a a special intake process and evaluation process that will have nine out of 10 people signing up for your product or service uh within 30 minutes and a whole lot more. Instant and rapid inductions you name it. For those of you who are already coaches change workers healers of any kind. If you're doing face reading this is the perfect and when.

I say perfect. I mean perfect this is the perfect package for you because classical face reading as we were taught it is almost entirely diagnostic and that was one of the most frustrating things for me knowing who. I am and what. I do to hear.

Lillian talk about all the different things that were going on with a person. But. Then referring them to a therapist to get it fixed to me if you're going to open. Pandora's box you better have the ability to close it right.

And. So one of the things. I did with our with our training is. I started integrating our changework techniques in with our face reading silos.

So that people could diagnose or at least evaluate and. Then fix what's happening. So you don't have to refer them out. You can fix it right.

Then and there on the spot. You can add another revenue stream to your to your business and you can do well by doing good. Okay. Because a lot of times when people you brought up people's stuff and.

Then refer them out they don't follow up because by the time they hit the parking lot they've rationalized it away. So sometimes when you've got the hood up you got to fix the car right. And this is the way that we do that. Okay.

This is the way we balance that equation right. So total value it's a $1,497 value. Comes with a complete manual. Uh we may even throw some video.

Well you got the videos obviously right. You can take transcripts you can do whatever you want. So total value on this is uh $4,500 uh $5,491. We're going to give this to you absolutely free if you grab your face reading uh super package because we want you to be ready.

We want you to have everything you need to move the needle to move this forward right. For those of you by the way um because it's going to come up some of you may have bought this package in the past uh at different price points or under different circumstances. For those of you who have this package already if you've already bought this package all you really need to do is reach out to. Moss or.

Mia and we will actually substitute courses for you. We'll replace whatever courses you got um outside of this webinar with things of equal or lesser value. So you have your own customized package. You don't have to buy the same thing twice.

Okay. So all you have to do for that to happen is just reach out to. Moss uh at 858-282-4663 or um you can email. Moss at nlpower.com.

Mia is also available. Uh and. Mossme if you guys could post your contact information in the chat for people. I think that would be helpful.

We're also going to include um another approach to reading body language and understanding people. This is a program. I did uh back in the day called people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course. And this is about how to read people through their body through their clothing choices things of that nature.

It'll teach you how to understand the body language of attraction. There are seven distinct body language phases that human beings go through when they go from perfect stranger to deep level physical intimacy. And once you understand those seven phases you can take that frame and impose it on any form of uh social or professional interaction where two people get together to create something else. Business partnerships negotiations mediations job interviews.

You can actually look. At those stages and be able to speedread where where what level of in of connection and belief and trust that person's at in that relationship. So it starts with dating and attraction because that's to me the archetype of all interreational transactions. Once we have that we can extrapolate it to everything else.

We're going to teach you the 15 most important deception cues how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors. There's at least 15 that the. CIA regularly use plus my training with. Chase and my my training in kinesisic interview and interrogation.

We're going to give you the fundamentals of lie detection and other deceptive behaviors. We're going to teach you about influencing people without using your words. Okay. Um these are ways that you can stand where you can stand how you can stand.

There's stuff we also cover in. Killer. Influence. How to project charm confidence and charisma on command.

Did you know that confidence and charisma actually has a body posture and if you understand that body posture you can emanate and actually generate more confidence and charisma just by how you stand and breathe. You're going to learn how to un ladies you're going to learn how to understand men better men. You're going to learn how to understand women better. We're going to teach you how to dress for success and a whole lot more.

We're going to teach you how to eliminate the behaviors that weaken your influence and your charisma and your leadership abilities how to close more deals and get more dates and how to really embody the body language that allows you to project that confidence that certainty that level of leadership that people are looking for in you. Okay. This is a $1,497 value. It's yours free.

We're gonna give it to you absolutely free. It's a $6,988 value. But we're not done yet. Well let's review.

Okay. So the. First we're going to start with is the. Secrets of.

Face. Reading home study course valued at $1,997. We're going to add on that the speed profiling defense against the dark arts home study course. We're going to give that to you for free $1,997.

We're going to give you the identity by design hypnotherapy zero to her rockstar home study course for free $1,497 value free for you. Right. We're going to give you people reading for fun and profit. The two-day body language intensive $1,497 value yours for free.

You're getting. Oops. You're going to get u total value on this is $6,988. But spoiler alert surprise.

Two birthdays for the price of one. I'm celebrating the birth of my lovely daughter. Tracy. Aaron.

Snyder out in. Arizona. And of course me in uh. April 20th 1966.

Yours truly came out of the womb saying "What the is happening?". Right. So for that because it's my birthday because it's my daughter's birthday because. I want to celebrate.

I want to give you a gift. Okay. And that gift is this the best deal humanly possible. It's not going to be 69.88.

It's not going to be $34.97. It's not going to be $14.97. In fact it's not even going to be $9.97 guys for everything that. I've just explained to you and maybe a whole bunch more.

You can get it all for one low installment of just $7.97 or three easy payments of 3.97 each. All you've got to do is go to www.nlpower.comface. Click this link npower.comfacce. Click that link you're going to get all these bonuses instant digital downloads and for those of you um who are maybe on the fence.

My challenge for you grab your program click this link now test it work it use it for 60 days bug us on the phone tell us email us call us make. Moss' life miserable with all the questions you could possibly ask about face reading. Test this material out there for 60 days. If after 60 days you're not on the fast track to understanding people better reading personalities in 7 seconds or less and and using that to become attract more success in your life to manifest the life of your dreams be more secure and confident and powerful.

If you're not winning social encounter after social encounter if you don't feel safer and more comfortable and more aware of people if you're not on the fast track to moving the needle of your life in the direction you've always wanted to go pick up the phone send us an email let us know and we'll refund every every cent you invested. But. I promise you if you actually work these skills and you put them and you apply them in your daily life your life will change and it'll change a lot. Okay.

But nothing changes until you take the step by clicking the link and making the decision to be and do and have something different. Right. I can. I'm really good at making the shortening the learning curve.

But. I can't eliminate it. So if you're ready to level up if you're ready to take that. Next step to see more to know more to do more to be and have more to help more people to make your life more secure in all the ways that are important to you.

Then by all means click your link. It's waiting for you on the other side. Okay. For those of you who have you know you have nothing to risk here.

And that's asking how long will it take to go through all these courses. Great question you can be up and running in as little as two or three days if you actually take the material out and use it. And again depending on how you depending on how you chunk the information you can start using it right. Away right.

And. I would take the information from this webinar after you click the link and just go out and start looking testing the information right. Um. But each of the courses is around 24 to 30 hours.

So it's not uncommon for people to binge watch this stuff right. I recommend you take it in a in a uh um stepped approach. And if you if you have specific applications that you want to focus on call us. We will we will be happy to say okay.

Instead of doing the programs in this order start with this program. Then go to this program. Then go to this program. We will help you customize your own path through this material.

That's our job right. And it's not just to throw products at you and say "Okay. You're on your own. Bye.".

We don't do that right. Our job is to make you and help you become successful. So if you have questions we've got answers okay. But nothing happens until you click the link okay.

But if you have questions call us email us. We will give you exactly the direction you need to get from where you are to where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible. And if it doesn't work we'll refund you. Okay.

That's just how it is www. Click the link right. Now www.nlpower.comfacce. Okay.

So again everything we've talked about this whole package is available until tonight. April 17th 2025 11:59 p.m. If you click the link anytime between now and 11:59 p.m. Pacific time.

Shane just purchased. Congratulations. Shane. Welcome to the family.

I can't wait to see you on the other side my brother. All right. Um everything is good until 11:59 p.m for those of you. Nathan says "Thank you.

So much. I have always loved your stuff.". Cool. Nathan thank you.

So much for that. I'm glad. Thank you for your support all these years. I know you've been around for a while.

So. I really. I really appreciate all of you. So here's the deal.

Some of you you've been around for a while you're just pulling the trigger now. Some of you like fast action. They like they like the ability to get as much as they can as fast as they can and go as far as they can. So for those of you who are still on the fence if you click that link right.

Now and if you've already clicked the link happy birthday. You just got these right. Didn't know it. You get these fast action bonuses.

You're going to get a threemonth uh membership to my master my uh. NLP power mastermind mentoring program. The mastermind uh. NLP power mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest running self-help.

NLP and hypnosis practice group in the world. It's been running non-stop since. October of 2010. Okay.

So well over 13 years. We meet on the. Third. Saturday of every month.

On the. Third. Saturday of every month people log in or they come to my office and. I say "Okay.

What do you want jake what do you want to learn chris what do you want to learn heather what do you want to learn tracy what do you want to learn shane what do you want to learn annette what do you want to learn?". Right. Nathan what do you want to learn right. And.

I sit back and. I they tell me what they want to learn and. I write them all on the board and. I step back and.

I look. At where they all kind of connect and intersect and. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next five hours we drill those skills until you can do them in your sleep and we send you back out into the world to apply those skills in the real world in real time to move your life forward.

Okay. You will not get a certificate from the. NLW. Powermastermind mentoring program.

What you do get is something much more valuable much more important. You get skill sets you get a community you get feedback from me from my my advanced students and you get the ability to interact and train and practice and just get better. And you have people just like you who are interested in the exact same things you are helping each other supporting each other getting better. Right.

If you ever felt like the a lonely wizard wandering off in the wilderness with nobody to talk to about this stuff without them thinking you're weird or creepy or whatever welcome home. Okay. Now the beauty of that is it's been running every single month month after month after month since. October of 2010.

We've videotaped every single training and we've archived that video in our. Kajjabi site on our. YouTube channel and our. Facebook.

Page. Now. Facebook. Just recently uh made some changes to their their live streaming policy.

So we're now in the process of slowly moving all the mastermind content into a. Kajjabi platform where you'll be able to access the entire 13-year archive. Stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube never been in a product never seen the light of day.

The only people that's ever seen this material are the people in the mastermind. Okay. As a three-month tri as part of your three-month trial you'll have unlimited access to that entire you can binge watch to your heart's content right. At the end of 90 days if you want to stay we'll show you how to extend your membership.

If you're good you got what you came for you got some good stuff you got skills and you're ready to go out and kick ass in the world solo no. Harm no. Foul. We'll we'll bid you the best.

We'll wish you the best of luck and say "Come back anytime.". But it's really about you right. I love the. NLP power mastermind mentoring program.

It's produced some of the best practitioners some of the nicest people. I've ever met right. Um and. I'm very very proud of the things they they've accomplished as a group.

So. I invite you to to really be become part of that group and and really plum that resource for everything that you can right. Because it's just going to take all the skills in your courses to the. Next level.

Total value on this is $1,997. We're going to include this free. Why because once again we want you to be successful right. We want you to have all of the the the ingredients that you need to apply the material.

And one thing that most people miss they watch a video set maybe once maybe twice if you're exceptional and. Then they never touch it again. Why because they don't have anybody to practice with. They don't have anybody to practice on.

They don't have anybody to give them feedback. They don't have people to talk to about this stuff without making without feeling weird. Now you do. Annette says "I just purchased it.

Can't wait to start.". Welcome. Annette. Thank you.

Welcome to the family. Can't wait to see you uh on the other side. So for those of you who are on the fence well would now be a good time to click that link reserve your spot and join the movement. Let's change the world.

One person at a time starting with your world right. Total combined value on this is $8,985. But we're not done yet guys. We're not done yet.

Click your link right. Now. We're also going to give you face reading level two. This is everything below the mask.

This is everything that's going to take take everything you learned in face reading level one and just take it even further. You'll be able you'll be able to see the profile of the face from the side. You'll learn about the ears. You'll learn about um the how to diagnose all the different aspects of the mouth.

You learn how to extrapolate and combine traits to make more complicated psychological profiles. Right. It's going to take your ability to do face reading and apply it in coaching apply it in sales and marketing apply it in your negotiation and mediation in your job and interviewing skills. Going to take that to a whole new level.

Once again this is the face reading for fun and profit series is based on eyetracking movement not on. Chinese five element theory. Now what do. I mean by that in.

Chinese five element theory or in. Chinese five elephant face reading if you go into like a jing class the. First thing you're going to learn about is all the water features all the water features on on the face right. And you'll study all the water features.

Then you'll study all the fire features which are tips and corners right. And. Then you'll study all the wood features. And.

Then you'll and and you'll start and again it it presupposes that you are fully familiar with the linear c the nonlinear circular. Chinese systems. The face reading for fun and profit level system is linear. It's based on a very different way to look.

At the face. It's based on eye tracking. When a human being looks at a face or at a a printed page their eyes. Automatically track in most cases left to right.

Zigzags top to bottom. Okay. That's how we look. At a page.

When a person looks at the face there's three basic options that happen. We look. At their eyes. Or we gaze into the area around the eyes.

Hence level one training. We look. At their mouth. Hence level two training or we oscillate back and forth between the eyes.

And the mouth. That's how people naturally organically biologically evolutionarily are programmed to read faces. And. So that's how we structured the content.

So that you can actually go from the top of the head to the hairline all the way to the chin line and in 90 seconds have a complete behavioral and and temperament profile of that human being. Right. That's why that's why we can do it. So fast because it's literally right.

Down the front of the face right. It's super simple. It's super easy and we actually test you on it. On day three we actually put pictures of of people on the on the board that other me other people in the class posted and someone who didn't post it has to read that face and the person in the room actually validates how accurate the profile was right.

It's really really powerful. It's a lot of fun and it just will explode everything you have already learned. It's a $1,997 value. We're going to give this to you absolutely free.

So the total combined value on everything. I've talked about. So far is $10,982. But guess what just like they say in the.

Ronco commercials. But wait there's more. We have one. Last thing for you.

Well maybe one. Last thing. I can neither confirm nor deny that there might be some other thing waiting in the wings that. I haven't talked about yet.

But for those of you who clicked your link right. Now those of you who've already clicked your link you've already got this. Welcome. You're welcome.

Or as as uh. Maui would say what can. I say except you're welcome. Right.

I get excited when. I get to this point. And it's largely because. I know what's waiting for you.

Like. I know how the world is going to change for you when you start applying this material. I get excited because. I remember what it was like for me.

And one of the the the greatest joys that. I have in this work is watching the lights come on in other human beings as they tap into their potential as they unleash the magic that's inside of them. So when. I get to this portion every time that's why my energy changes.

I get. So excited about what's coming for you right. Uh it's why. I do this right.

So $10,982 value. But we got one more thing for you. So go ahead and click your link and you'll also get for the. Next 21 people who register today.

Actually there's a typo there. Um actually there's. Huh. Well that didn't work out the way.

I planned it. Um you'll have to forgive me because apparently. I've got the wrong slide. So write this down.

In fact let's let's maybe. Yeah. All right. So our face reading for fun and profit uh is coming up in 10 days.

That's. April 23rd 22nd through the 25th. Is that right. Guys guys can you post the actual dates in the.

Sorry. I every now and. Then. I have a typo.

I can't believe this. Yeah. Um. April 25th to the 27th here in.

San. Diego we'll be doing faceing for fun and profit uh practitioner certification level one. Uh you'll be learning how to read beha anyone instantly how to predict behavior gain rapport instantly speedread people's emotions influence the people's behaviors very easily detect lies hidden traumas and more. Total value on this is 2750 not 3150.

So. I'm sorry this somehow someway this this uh slide got like half done and. I didn't catch it right. Um happens at least once in class though.

But. Anyway. Admit says "You are human. David.

Apparently. I'm more human than. I like to admit.". All right.

So. Anyway. April 25th to the 2. Wait what april 25th to 27th.

Okay. Anyway 2750. We're going to give you a free. VIP ticket to this class.

Now let me explain something to you. There is a hybrid option for this class. So if you can't make it. April 22nd or 25th to the 27th you can zoom in.

I would much rather and highly encourage you to be there live. You get this absolutely free. Okay. This is a free ticket.

You get to show up be and actually participate in the class the full three days. We'll take you step by step. You'll do reading after reading after reading. I'll even throw in a bunch of extras.

Okay. Uh it's a $2,750 value. It's. April 25th to the 27th.

It will be. It's a three-day not a fiveday. Like. I said that's that got mixed up with another slide.

So. I just want you guys to to be aware of that. Okay. Total value on this.

So far is uh $14,132. So let's review. Oh unannounced special. Remember.

I said there might might or might not be something else. For those of you who clicked this link right. Now if you have if if you've already clicked the link you've got this already. The.

Next 15 people who've clicked that link are going to get a free. VIP ticket to our our. Next virtual healing intensive. This is three days of me doing nothing.

But therapy and transformational work on you as part of a group. Transformation after transformation after transformation. We'll get over limiting beliefs overcome fears and phobias remove physical mental and emotional pain uh discover um discover all of your self-sabotage and get rid of it. We'll teach you the three most important transformation techniques on the planet that allow you to continue to heal long after the training.

We'll she will you'll actually have me systematically removing those negative voices in your head and installing a better one uh right. Then and there. This is a virtual training. You don't have to travel anywhere right.

It's 100% online. We cap it at about 25 to30 right. It's a 14. It's a $1,497 value.

It's going to take place. May 2nd to. May 4th 2025. And once again in case it wasn't caught the.

First five times. I said it it is 100% virtual 100%. Okay. If you have questions about the uh intensive if there's anybody who's taken one of the healing intensives and you're on the chat with us please type in your experience um from the uh from the intensive.

So people know what they're in for. France says. France. Zenini says "What about me i'm in.

Australia. Would it be time zone friendly?". Uh this would be on. Pacific time.

So everybody's going to have to adjust. Uh when people from. Cypress call in they come they call in at two o'clock in the morning right. Uh unfortunately we can't we can't be friendly to everyone.

So um it is what it is. Julie. Julie. Holmes says "The healing intensive is amazing.

It's 10:00 a.m to 6:00 p.m. Pacific um. May 2nd 3rd and 4th.". And again if you click the link already guys you already got this right.

If you are on the fence and you got you want to maybe you don't want to go around reading people. But you would rather get your own stuff handled and you'd like me to help you do that. This is the opportunity right. This is the ability to have me do change work with you for three solid days as part of a group.

We'll have a a very well-trained team of helpers and assistants who if you need extra one-on-one help they're highly qualified and they're willing to help you who will put you in a private room guide you through processes to really get you clear. When you come out on the other side you will be a different person. You'll be more of the person that you truly truly want to be with a lot of the blocks that were holding you back gone right. And you'll have a couple of tools that you can start to apply in your own life right.

Away. So that if stuff comes up you're ready right. And you'll always know where to find more help if you need it. That's our job.

That's our job. We do well by doing good. Okay. So it's a $1,497 value.

All right. You'll dissolve negativity you didn't even know you had. You get rid of physical and emotional pain. Resolve traumas phobias and self-sabotage.

Put a dead stop halt to procrastination. Destroy limiting belief once and for all. It's a $1,497 value. Comb.

Oops. Combined. Hold on a. Second.

I'm all over the map here. Total value on this is $15,629. And for those of you who come to the live face reading training in other words those of you who get off your butts and travel to down beautiful downtown. San.

Diego during this this webinar you saw me talk a lot about. NLP training. Now to get to get certified in. NLP with me there are prerequisites.

You have to have identity by design. You have to or killer influence or both. We'd like you to have both right. You have to have those to walk in the door.

For those of you who are willing to come to. San. Diego in 10 days for the. Next face reading certification the 3-day face reading certification for those of you in the room physically.

Let me say that two more times in case you were wondering. You have to come to the room physically for three days. If you come to the live training and you stay the whole three days. I will unlock the prerequisites.

I will wave the prerequisite trainings that you have to attend and you can come to the. NLP 5-day practitioner certification intensive in. May. Okay.

That is my super secret birthday gift to you. Moss had a fit when. I was telling him about this because he's a stickler on prerex right. But for those of you who want as much as humanly possible for those of you who want to go as far as you can as fast as you can if you've ever wanted to get trained in neural linguistic programming by one of the top guys in the world arguably that's.

I'm one of them. It's never going to be easier. Okay. All you got to do is click your link show up in.

San. Diego. April 25th to the 27th and you can come to. NLPert.

Next month. Seth is trying to give you all warnings. Yeah you're gonna have to do some studying. But.

I'm. I don't normally do this. In fact anybody who's been around. Planet.

David for any period of time will tell you. I've never done this. So because it's my birthday it's my daughter's birthday. This is what you're getting.

You're going to get your face reading for home uh secrets of face reading home study course. I had at $1,997. You're going to get defense against the dark arts for free $1,997 value. You're going to get real world hypnosis identity by design $1,497 value.

You're going to get it for free. People reading for pun and profit home study course $1,497. You're going to get it for free. You're going to get the three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power mastermind mentoring program and the archive $1,997 value free. You're going to get the uh face reading for fun and profit level two home study course $1,997 value free. You're going to get the live. VIP ticket to the face reading for fun and profit level one certification.

April 25th to the 27th here in. San. Diego. Now remember you can attend this certification virtually.

But if you have aspirations to become an. NLP practitioner with me you have to be here live. That's the only way we wave the benefits. Okay.

It's a $2,750 value. We're going to give this to you free. You're going to get as an extra special bonus the uh the the online 3-day virtual healing intensive. May 2nd to 4th.

And you can do that from anywhere in the world. Okay. $1,497 value completely free. So total value $15,229.

You can get it all today for just one installment of 7.97. Or if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each. Just click your link right. Now www.nlpower.comfacce and we will absolutely get your stuff handled in the shortest amount of time possible.

Okay. Now here's what's going to happen. Next. I'm going to give you guys a five or six minute break.

So you can go click your links ask questions do whatever. When we come back we're going to drill down into um the deeper aspects of the face. We're going to customize the content to the applications that you most want to learn about. We're going to talk about eyebrows.

We're going to talk about the the other aspects other ways to speedread the body for specific applications. And. Then uh and. I'll answer any questions that you have for as long as we're together.

Does that sound like a plan right. So after you click your links go ahead and type any questions that you have in the chat and. I'll start answering them as soon as. I get back from break.

Okay. Um. Moss and me are standing by for um uh to help you out. Oh a couple of things about this before we go.

A if you've already if if you've bought any of the the courses that are included in this program previously like. I mentioned before that's okay. Let. Moss or.

Mia know and we will let you substitute any program you want of equal or lesser value. So you can get a custom package and you don't have to dup you don't pay extra money for the same thing. Okay. The.

VIP tickets that come with this offer have no. Expiration date. So if for some reason. So for some reason you can't make the training on the 25th to the 27th just pick up the phone let.

Moss or. Mia know. We'll move you to the. Next face reading training.

If you want to gift that. PIP maybe you've been to face reading already. But you want to gift that. VIP ticket to somebody else who wants to learn to attend live in person you can do that.

Just let us know. If something happens at the. Last minute that you can't attend the training pick up the phone send us an email let us know and we will hold that ticket for you until you're ready to use it. You have it until you use it.

If we raise the price between now and and the time you come to the training you don't pay anything extra. Okay. If we do this training in another country where we're doing things in euros right. Or pound sterling where we we always charge we always charge by the local currency when we go to other countries.

Okay. Um usually because of the exchange rates and stuff. Um you don't pay anything extra right. So.

Nathan's saying "If we can't be in person and do. Zoom could we still gift the. VIP?". Well if you're zooming in.

I am assuming that uh you're using the. VIP ticket yourself right. Two of you can't come in right. It's it's either it's either you or someone you're giving the.

VIP ticket to. It's not a twofer right. So it's either you showing up or it's someone you're gifting the ticket to. Okay.

It's a good question though. I'm glad we cleared up any confusion on that. All right. So that's what we got.

Click your links. When. I come back we'll drill down on more face stuff. So um.

I'm going to give you guys 7 minutes. So we'll come back at uh 6:14 or 15. Pacific time whatever time that is for you. We'll see you in a little bit.

All right. It's almost time folks. Had to grab a little snack. Make sure my blood sugar is up.

All right. So we're now entering part three. If you haven't uh clicked the link when would now be a good time. Um.

I'm going to w. I'm. I'm actually working on u a little fun factoid. Uh.

I've been consumed probably for the. Last 20 weeks at least um with collating and putting together new versions of a the face reading for fun and profit materials as well as expanding on the materials that. I got from my teacher. And uh.

I've been working on our. First book. It's called. How to.

Decode. Anyone in 7. Seconds or. Less.

Uh we've got a mini version that we're working working with um working on right. Now and there'll be a much more uh fleshed out version of it uh probably in a few months. But um. I'm excited because thanks to things like chat.

GPT and and other types of. AI research assistants we've been able to actually scientifically corroborate a lot of the stuff that we've been teaching over the years. And we've been able to put all that information and bring the the best of uh the ancient systems and into harmony with modern scientific analysis and discoveries. And.

So for those of you coming to uh uh face reading. Next month. I'm actually going to be um using a lot of that material as part of the new curriculum. So those of you who've been in face reading before um you may want to come out and and see what the latest updates are and things like that or or zoom in or whatever.

But uh just a little fun factoid is that we're going to actually be um revealing some really cool stuff that you may not have found in any face reading books ever right. Um very cool. Anyway that being said we've now officially entered part three of the webinar. So.

I'm going to jump out of screen share. So you can see my lovely face in all my glory. Right. And now this is where we get to talk a little bit.

Uh because. I like. I said. I don't like to run webinars where.

I just do death by. PowerPoint right. I like. I like people to come in and feel like they're part of something big part of a you know an actual event and to be able to get the answers to the questions um that they they came for without necessarily going away feeling like they were teased or starved.

Right. There's always going to be more. This is something. I really want to.

I want to emphasize in in. Planet. David. And this is important.

And you and if you're if you spend any amount of time in. Planet. David you're going to hear this this phrase a lot or this this comparison a lot. There's two kinds of people that come through.

Planet. David or who go through trainings. Anyway not necessarily. Planet.

David. There's what. I call the achievers and. Then there's what.

I call the chronically overtrained. And. I love both of them right. They both buy courses.

But there's one group that. I tend to love a little bit more and those are the achievers. Now both groups are usually very smart highly motivated very intelligent well-resourced people. Both groups realize that there's always more to learn.

There's always going to be more to learn. What separates the achievers from the chronically overtrained is that the achievers understand that no. Matter how much they have or how little they have and how much more there is to learn they have enough to start taking action. And.

So they do and they become amazing. They create the world they want the chronically overtrained. They understand that there's always more to learn and they will start as soon as they're done learning. But they're never done learning.

So they never start. So. I want to warn you going in that when you when you start embarking on this journey of transformation learning things only takes you. So far.

Learning things only takes you. So far. At some point you got to roll up your sleeves get off your butt do the drills and go out and apply the skills. And everything in.

Planet. David is about taking action in the real world. So if you're. Finally ready to step it up you can click your links and walk beside us as we guide you to become the person you want to be.

That being said if you're not in a place for that yet. Then you're not ready. It's just that simple. And that's okay.

You can stay the same until you decide you want something different right. And that's not a scarcity tactic. It's it's how we feel. As people often say do what you as.

I often tell people who who tell me they either don't have enough time they don't have enough resources it's too complicated. I don't know if. I can do all that much training. Here's what.

I say and do what you can until you're ready to do more. It's that simple. Right. Now there's some of you who are ready to go and we're ready to help you.

Some of you need to simmer a little bit more. You need to kind of stew where you're at and that's okay. Too. Right.

All right. So let's look. At um what's going on in the chats. Anthony.

Anderson says "I do feel like a wizard. Everything you said. So far feels like something. I already know.

Mostly confirmations and. I love it even if it's scary without tools really. But thank you. So far.

Excellent. Rain is saying it's interesting comparing our experiences in the virtual reality and the experiences we have had there as well as the rest of our skill sets and expanded data. Audacity saying yes. I agree.

Conffirmative indeed. Okay. Uh people in the other side there's a lot of chat going on over here. All right.

So here's where we at here's where. I asked the million-d dollar question again. What do you. Hello from.

Fresno. How how much what do you guys want to learn. Next what do you guys want me to talk about tell me what you want to learn before. I make an arbit as.

I joke with my students. Tell me what you want to learn before. I make an arbitrary decision. You want to learn about emotions.

You want to learn about um the seven-second profiling aspects like the the eyebrow the the lips blah blah blah. Do you want to uh focus on something else what do you want to. What do you guys want to know most about in the time we have left don't be bashful. Now is a good time.

Now's the time to speak. Okay. So we. Okay.

7-second profile. Okay. Now remember we say seven seven pro. Second profile we mean you look.

At somebody and in seven seconds you've acquired this information and are creating a profile right. Doesn't mean you're going to learn it in 7 seconds you understand this is a skill set. So. I want to be very clear on setting expectations.

So one of the. First places we want to look. At when we start to to look. At people is we want to look.

At their face shape now generally speaking when you see someone who has a very very big head. When. I say big. I mean it's it's wide.

Let me let me see if. I can think of a a. Brad. Pitt or a.

George. Clooney kind of a person or um a. Winston. Churchill right.

These guys are tend to be very dominant very assertive. Okay. They often don't realize how dominant and assertive they are. They're just they just move through the world saying with the idea of my way or the highway like anybody else has an idea it's stupid compared to theirs.

Right. We call these people lions in the in the. Dowist and the. Buddhist systems.

I was taught there's four four personality types. You have lions you have beavers otterters and golden retrievers. The the lions of the world are very very dominant. They are always wanting to be in control.

They're usually uh people just usually give control to them because they have such a dominant presence. They tend to take up a lot of space. Um and they have very very strong features. So you'll see in these people often very very wide very very large heads very a lot of bone.

Now if you look. At a guy like a. Winston. Churchill which.

I don't have the pictures here. I was trying to get the pictures together um for you uh. But. I ran out of time as you can see by my halfone.

PowerPoint. Um. I was struggling with. JT.

GPT to find the resources. I wanted. So. I'm just going to go ahead and um put the names in the and the the faces that you can look.

At out there and you can you can compare and contrast them. But these people have very squarish faces. We call these people very earthy a lot of times. They're very dominant.

They're often quite traditional. They're very conservative right. Um the more rectangular or narrower a person's face tends to be um the more malleable well the more flexible they'll tend to be. I guess is a good way to say they're still very dominant people um.

But um hold on a. Second there's some stuff in the chat here um okay. If asking me about uh things to do with like emotional healing and stuff like that. That's not really the focus of today's training if that makes sense.

Um. So. I. I.

I have. I would refer you to our u how to reprogram your subconscious mind or any of the trainings where we're dealing with uh personal transformation. Okay. Again.

I want to keep everything on topic for you guys. So um usually the softer a person's features um let me see if. I can find let me just give me a minute. Let me see if.

I can find some some graphics for you. No. I don't think. I'm going to be able to find them in a in a in a timely way.

All right. Um. So if you have somebody who has more soft fleshy features these people are going to be a little bit more accommodating. They're going to be a little bit more nurturing.

The more rigid or or or taut the skin tends to be these are people who are going to tend to be a little bit more direct a little bit more blunt right. We would say they're more metallic. If they have very refined very aqualine features they're going to have a lot of metal. So their anger will tend when they when they when they tell people things they'll be very direct often quite cold.

The more flesh a person has on their faces the more nurturing they'll tend to be. Uh if you see a lot of curves and roundedness to the uh to the features you'll see the effects of estrogen. These people tend to be more infolding more enveloping um more nurturing in terms of uh emotion and things of that nature. Uh.

So. Shane has asked can you expand on the lion the otter the golden retriever absolutely. So when we're dealing with people like the lion for example and you'll notice you you you'll often flag these people more behaviorally at. First than you will through their facial architecture.

These people if you if you they come to you as a co let's say you're a coach or a a therapist uh and they're telling you their problem and they say and you give them a direction they go "I don't want to do that. That's stupid.". They argue with you. They're usually vying for dominance.

So when you're dealing with um lion type people you have to be a little bit more strategic. You have to give them the illusion of choice right. You have to let them decide. Lions tend to argue with any decision or request that you make of them um reactantly because it wasn't theirs.

It wasn't their idea. If it's their idea they love it. If it's not their idea it was stupid. So you have to frame things in such a way that it's always their idea or they have a choice.

So if you say "Well look. There's two way there's three or four ways we could go about this. We could do it this this this or this.". Now all of those four things lead to your outcome right.

They're going to do all the things you want them to do. You just let them decide how they want to do it right. So you get to decide the what they decide the how. And a lot of times that will give you a compliance with someone with these very big my way or the highway type features.

Now for those of you who are who have got the package when you start going through your defense against the dark arts training you're going to you're going to see a protocol in there called the resistance removal formula. This formula is designed to take somebody who who said something who said they will not who looked you in the eye and said "I do not want to do what you want me to do.". It's designed to take someone who's just done that and in just a couple minutes make them want to do the thing you just they just told you they didn't want to do. It's that powerful.

Okay. This this particular method works really really well on lion type personalities. People who have very earthy or very woody personalities. Metallic people which again.

I'm. I'm getting kind of five element theory on you right. Um can also be very very strict about their boundaries. Uh.

But what we're looking at whether the face is very aqualine very rough in terms of like the bone like if it looks like tree branches or it's very fleshy. What we're looking at is the size and the width of the head. The more broad the head the more dominant and assertive that person will tend to be crosscontextually. Right.

In the adv in the face reading that. I went through that. Shane and. I went through.

Shane's in the the other. Shane. Shane. Kruk um we were taught about something called the hedenist jaw and the u the dictator jaw and if you look.

At pictures of famous dictators. Hitler. Mussolini uh. Idiamin if you look.

At them when they're young and you look. At them decades. Later you will see the jaw getting bigger and bigger and bigger and it was. But it was there when they were young.

So when there's a lot of extra bone in the jaw and the face gets broad or the face gets broad this way you're looking at someone who's very much more of a lion in how they move through the world. They're going to tend to be a little bit more rigid in their thinking. Okay. You see a you see this this head shape on a lot of generals a lot of lot of career soldiers career military.

You see this a lot. Okay. Um questions on on that no. Questions all right.

So let's talk about let's talk about the other three personality types. How do you soften them a you have to let them think they're in charge. One of the best ways to work with lions is instead of telling them what to do you ask their opinion. You ask their opinions.

U you give them the illusions of choice. You create autonomy with them right. You you create an alliance with them. One of the.

I had a a client one of my students who is a consultant for a lot of very wealthy like business developers consultant um contractors things of that nature. And she's uh a biologist that that studies environmental impact of the things that that are these people are trying to build. And she has very different politics a very different worldview and she came to me because she was always having trouble getting the people who hired her to give her them give them her opinion to actually take her suggestions right. And the and it was because she was talking to them like they were equals and these people from their perspective just did not look.

At her as an equal. They were paying her they were writing her check and they. So they. So for her to tell them what to do or what they need to do or have to do or should do created massive levels of reactance in them and.

So we gave her a little insight into the psychology of how these people think and she started softening things and as far as. I know she's actually getting. I believe she's getting a lot more accomplished with these people because once again she's being strategic in how she how she works with. Here's something.

I want you to remember and it's true in face reading whether you're using face reading or not. You're going to encounter resistance and reactants to every form of influence that you apply unless you understand reactance and resistance. Okay. People instinctively inherently resist anything that threatens how they see themselves.

If you ask somebody to do something or tell them to do something in a way that threatens them how they see themsel they'll push back and they'll resist you. If you ask somebody to do something or tell somebody to do something that threatens how they believe other people will see them they will resist you. If you ask people to do something or tell people to do something that threatens what they have accepted is true they will resist you. Face reading public face private face.

You ask me in a business context to do something that threatens how. I believe you're supposed to perceive me. I'm going to resist you. Private face.

You ask me to do something that threatens how. I feel about myself. I'm going to resist you. Okay.

So we can start to map across public face private face these types of resistance. What would. I read in my own face no. Parking.

Okay. I'm teasing. Um. I still got some stuff to work on when.

I read my own face. But. I'm doing the work. So.

I'm getting there right. One of the cool things about face reading if you if you really go down the rabbit hole it gets kind of woo woo really fast once you get past the the stuff we're scientifically validating and getting into the transformational work of it you'll see people's faces change right. In front of you. As you're doing the change work and you're walking them through these experiences and stuff like that like you'll see wrinkles disappear.

You'll see noses get longer shorter wider. Cheeks will pop out. Brow bones will be there weren't that weren't there 10 minutes ago. It's it's it's crazy.

Um. But it's true. It's real right. And you can ask any of the face readers.

Shane's in here. Seth is in here. Uh. I think.

Nathan or. Liam are in here. Anybody who's done the face reading for those particular applications has seen faces change right. In front of us.

Teratui says "Greetings from. Pennsylvania.". Greetings. PA.

Seth says "We've ch we've seen faces change.". Yes. So let's talk about let's talk about the other three personality types really quickly and. I'll give you some some ways that you can start to spot that information.

Hey let's talk about beavers. Now beavers are al playing the beaver role is also an attempt at dominating the situation. But they do it in a very different way. Beavers are the proverbial class clowns.

So they're usually quite fiery like if they usually have um they'll sometimes have pointy features. Uh they'll sometimes be a little bit on the small side. Um they usually look. A little bit elflike sometimes.

Right. Now now it doesn't mean you're if you're if you can you can't have you can have a watery type body or a very soft fleshy body and still be the class clown. Okay. A lot of and a lot of people do.

But what's interesting about beavers is that they're always they're always trying to keep it light. So the way it was explained to me by my teacher was that if you have a beaver a lion an otter and a a golden retriever sitting at a table making little clay statues or little clay figures right. You know how many people here are old enough to remember the little plastic army men right. In our in our energy training we actually use that metaphor.

But if let's say let's say. I had you let's say. I had you at a table we're making clay figures right. The lion would say "This is stupid.

I don't want to do this. Right. The otter or the beaver would say he he would be taking he'd be he'd be pelting you with little balls of clay. You know the guy in class you'd be in art class and all of a sudden you get pelted with clay little clay missiles from across the room because they're throwing the clay at you rather than making their little clay soldier right.

That's a beaver. That's a person trying to assert dominance in an environment where they're not in charge through humor. The proverbial class clowns. So you'll always see what a lot what's interesting is a lot of times is that when a beaver is actually put in charge they become a lion.

I've seen this in some of my students like when. I'm teaching class um they're joking and laughing and and and you know goofing off and stuff like that and. Then when. I when they teach a class somewhere and.

I kind of log in they're super right. They're very different right. And it's it's it's a it's a very common coping strategy. So anytime you see beaver the beaver behavior the the class clown the joking the quipping the the reparte right.

You're seeing somebody who's trying to assert dominance covertly uh through through humor through acting out right. Now do you call them on it no. You just manage it. Right.

Um. So what are some things that would lend itself to that kind of behavior well usually you're looking at um the effect of dopam dopamine and uh testosterone. Okay. So um.

So in in people who are going to be more that way um you'll tend to see broader features. You'll tend to see um more pronounced brow bones uh more pronounced jaws. Um they may have pointy features. They may be small or big.

Now what's interesting is that is that a lot of stand-up comedians have very very earthy very watery type features. They're very soft. They're very they're very earthy that way. Um.

I think that's body armor primarily because a lot of a lot of comedians are um angry for lack of a better word. They're that's a lot of anger comes out that way. So that's a beaver. Beaver is going to be someone who's always laughing.

I'm a beaver a lot of times when. I'm in fact. I. I spend a lot of time um having to intentionally not do that.

Uh. But when. I was teaching sleepwalkers back in the early 2000s and we would bring in a guest speaker. I wouldn't shut up right.

I didn't realize that. I didn't realize the program. I was running at the time. Uh and most of the time my humor was welcome and.

I was in charge. Anyway. So them. But um.

But the whole point was is that there was this part of me that wanted to assert some level of dominance by giving comments or opinions or remarks or things of that nature. So when you see that understand what you're looking at. Yes. These person these people are don't they don't mean any harm.

It's just how they cope with the situation. So that we have the lion we have the beaver. Let's talk about the otter. The otter is the evil stepchild of the beaver.

And that's it's not evil in in the respect that they're that they're malevolent or anything like that. What. I mean is is where the the beaver is easygoing playful funloving not taking anything really serious the otter is the studious one. The otter is the one that if you looked at their little clay figure every piece of of clothing would have massive amounts of detail.

From a face reading perspective a classical face reading perspective we would say these people are super metallic. Metall metal is all about the details. It's all about the fine the fine print. If you were to look.

At like the belt buckles of the clay soldier it would have like an actual belt buckle and you would see the little dots in the belts and you would see the holster and you you would see all these things because that's how an otter thinks. Oh. I'm sorry. Did.

I get that backwards oh sorry. Reverse that. Otter is playful. Beaver is metal.

Sorry. I've got. I got my. I got my rodents wrong.

They both swim right. Um. So your beaver is the metal one. Your otter is the playful one.

My bad. I sometimes. I'm like. Dix.

So um you'll get that. And the final one in the in the in the mix is what we call the golden retriever. The golden retriever is the is the cheerleader of the group. This is the person that goes to the lion guy and says "Oh my god you are.

So you're. So smart. I'll bet you can do it really good.". And he goes over to the the otter and says "Oh yours is really really funny.

I like that. It's really really good.". And. Then he goes over to the otter go "Oh my god look.

How detailed yours is. That is. So amazing. I could never do something like that.".

Right. And. So the the the golden retriever is the social director. They're the ones who are going to be supporting everybody loving everybody telling everybody how good they're doing.

Right. And in. Chinese five element energy you would see a lot of fire and a lot of earth in these people. They're very supportive.

They're very infolding. They're very uh uplifting uh they'll tend to have softer features tend to more have more fleshy features very round. Whereas the the the the earth has tend of of a squareness to it the wood has more of a rectangular face. But they're very big featured people very big features right.

Um metal can have very big features. But they're usually much more streamlined right. So once again the size of the head is what we're looking at in terms of authority and dominance. And.

Then we look. At the the qualities of that. Are they more rectangular than um than square right. But is it big right.

Generally the bigger the trait the big the bigger the data point the bigger the trait the more dominant it is. Right. Questions about the the big picture stuff. Yes.

No. You guys are really smart. I'd be having all kinds of questions. All right.

So let's move on to something a little bit more. Let's let's as in. NLP speak let's say let's chunk down a little bit. Let's look.

At uh one of the. First aspects of our our seven profile which. I. I think is actually one of the most important features on the entire face.

It's one of the very. First ones that we learn. And it probably tells us more about that person than just about any other feature. And that my friends is the brow.

And when. I say the brow. I'm talking about the brow bone and the eyebrows themselves. Okay.

So again. I don't have time to go through every single variation on the brow. So we're going to get real big picture. Then we're going to look.

At the mouth. And. Then if we have time we'll circle back to the eyes. Or the area around the eyes.

Does that sound like a plan this means yes. This means no. Type it in the chat. Okay.

So what. I'm going to do now is. I'm going to jump to one of my manuals from face reading. Uh.

Liam says "It's not that we are that smart. It's just that you explain it in ways that are easy to understand.". Nice reframe. Liam.

You're. I trained you well. Stallion. All right.

Um. All right. Let me find my. There we go.

And and again please feel free to ask questions. The better the question the better the lesson. All right. So before.

I get into um before. I get into eyebrows just a quick reminder if you're on the fence right. This is final call number two. Uh you can click this link for secrets of face reading home study course.

It's a $1,997 value. You're going to get defense against the dark arts. Uh you're going to get identity by by design uh hypnotherapy home study course the people reading for fun and profit home study course the. NLP power mastermind mentoring three-month trial archive uh face reading for fun and profit level two face reading for fun and profit live.

VIP ticket and if you show up live for that event we will wave the prerequisites. So that if you want to come to. NLP practitioner certification in. May you'll be able to do that.

Um. But you can attend the face reading training either virtually or in person. We highly encourage in-person work. Okay.

Uh and of course you will automatically get a. VIP ticket to our. Next 3-day virtual healing intensive. May 2nd through.

May 4th uh here any coming live streaming live to you in your own hometown in your own living room bedroom or office. All you got to do to get yours it's a 15,229 value. You can get it all for $797. All you got to do is click that link npower.com/face that's in your chat right.

Now that me and. Moss are. So joyfully and uh professionally uh providing for you. Click those links.

If you need extra help you can break that up into three installments of 397 each and you can start downloading your coursework today and we can and start uh helping us picking our brains and doing everything you need to do. All right. So go ahead and click those links and. Then let's talk about the eyebrows.

I'm going to make my. I'm going to make my screen a little bit bigger here just. So. I can see things a little bit better.

Um okay. So. I'll make this a little smaller now that. I know where.

I'm at. So the eyebrows are one of the most important areas of the face the vital features of the eyebrow. This equates to the wood element of the body. Now what does that actually mean in terms of uh behavior the wood element let me make sure.

I've got the. Okay. The wood element is the achievement element of the body. So when you see somebody who has a really strong wood energy a really strong um they're they're going to be very forceful in general they're going to be people who have a lot of drive who have a lot of they tend to have a lot of athleticism a lot of passion.

Um these are the people who work because they love to work. They may or may not be morning people. But once they get moving they're they're pretty much unstoppable. They just keep going and going and going.

They have a very very strong drive right. Um they often have a temper. But they're good at controlling it. So when we look.

At the eyebrows the. First thing we want to know is how strong. Let me go to my pointer here. How strong are these eyebrows are they.

Are they very thick are they very full how long are they and most importantly how far apart are those eyebrows now this person has an extremely strong liver. And. I don't know if you can see it uh from your perspective. Oops.

But if you look. You can see little little tiny hairs in between the brow. Right. And uh we'll get to that.

When you see those little hairs in between the brow we call them a franken brow sometimes right. When you see someone with those hairs these people have extra wood energy. So they tend to have a little bit more aggressiveness to them. Now when.

I say aggression. I don't necessarily mean they're violent. What. I mean is they very forceful in how they respond to things.

People with a strong eyebrow tend to be very very sensitive to authority. So if they're they're large and in charge it's their way or the highway. So even if they don't have a very broad face like what. I described.

But you see these strong eyebrows you're looking at somebody who is probably going to work best in charge of a group or working solitary. Now one of the reasons we want to look. At the space between the eyebrows is because this is a measurement of cooperiveness within a group within a social hierarchy. So people with a lot of space while they will be dominant they will be able to have they will be better be able to function within a corporate culture or hierarchy they'd still much rather be in charge right.

Uh and they'll tend to thrive in that position. The the closer together the eyebrows are the less these people play well with others they'll tend to be they'll tend to be a little bit more egocentric they'll tend to be a little bit more um operating from a little bit more of a sense of entitlement. So one of the ways this was explained to me was that in in the. Chinese systems it was called the father's blessing.

Father's blessing means that uh the dominant figures in that person's life taught them how to behave in corporate structures. Right. So the dominant authoritative aspect is in the strength of the eyebrow. It doesn't really matter how close the eyebrows are.

What we're looking at in terms of of dominance and authority is how full are they how long are they how what is the quality of the eyebrow hairs how big and prominent is the brow bone okay. Okay. Now the prominence of the brow bone relates to the to a um. I don't.

I don't. I'll say a prepundonderance for lack of a better word or a dominance of testosterone in that person's in that person's system. And it doesn't matter if you're male or female. Females have testosterone too.

These stronger brow bones you'll see these people are almost always uh charting their own course. They're almost always leading groups. They work best in groups if they're the leader they'll almost always um either choose to work as the head of the group u they'll often be the lions in the group. Okay.

Um when we look. At the space between the eyebrows what we're seeing now is how are these people going to express that dominance within a corporate or an organizational structure. So if you see a lot of space between the brows what you're looking at is somebody who tends to be more easygoing who can work with the rules the rituals the protocols and the pecking order within a structure yourself. If this person has a what we call a very big father's blessing.

Then what you're going to see in that person is somebody who says "Okay. I'm the low man on the totem pole or low woman on the totem pole and. I have to go to this position to get to that position to get to this position to get to that position and. I want that position.

So. I'm going to go as fast through that process as. I can do it ethically without stepping on any toes if. I can.".

Right. This person is going to work well within that corporate culture. Right. Conversely you have somebody who has a very narrow blessing a very small space between those uh between those eyebrows.

Now you're looking at someone who has a lot less flexibility a lot less patience. So these people if you're if you insert them into that corporate structure they're going to see that they're the low person on the totem pole. They're going to see the top person on the totem pole and they're automatically going to believe that they deserve to be that guy or that girl and they're going to leaprog in as many ways as they can to get that top spot. They're going to bypass corporate culture.

They're going to they may engage in um more narcissistic or sociopathic behavior. Doesn't mean if you have a narrow a narrow um space here that you're a sociopath. What it means is you have a lot less patience for ritual structure and protocol. These people often do much better as entrepreneurs than as part of corporate.

America. Okay. So that's the. First thing we're going to look.

For when we when we once we see somebody we want to look. Okay. Look. At their eyebrows.

Are they strong or not are they far apart or not are they average or not remember there's going to be a lot of averages. We want to we when we look. At a profile we want to create a profile we want to look. At the outliers.

We want to look. At the things that are out of proportion. First because those are going to be the greatest points of um data acquisition. They're the things that are going to stand out.

So that's that's the lowhanging fruit. So that's what we collect. First. Okay.

Questions on the eyebrows okay. Um. France what do you mean okay. Uh the shape isn't a very good question.

I need to know more about what you mean by the shape. There are a lot of things that we can tell by the shape of the brow. I could spend an entire day on nothing. But eyebrows.

Seriously. I could spend a day on eyebrows. The arch in the eyebrow is an indicator of decisiveness. In fact one of the things we look.

At in terms of um from a business perspective when we are going to look. At face reading and we have a job description we have a job uh to fill or an opening to fill and it takes a certain personality type to fill that pos to to do well in that position to thrive in that position. So the the arch in the eyebrow the more arched the eyebrow is the more decisive a person tends to be. The less of a curve or arch the eyebrow has the the more indecisive a person tends to be.

These people the flatter the eyebrow the longer that person will take to make a decision. Now there are lots of job descriptions where people who take a long time to make a decision is a good thing. There are many many places where that is going to be a major liability. Right.

So let me show you example. Let me give you a couple quick examples of what this looks like. So what let me erase this really quick. So just to to put a cherry on this.

So what you're seeing here is what we call a classic strong eyebrow right. It's not wellgroomed. You'll see it's it's it's not it's not it's not very precise. But it is very full.

Right. Now this is a healthy eyebrow. So this again is full. But you notice you notice here how how much more streamlined.

Oops. Notice here how how much better defined. The eyebrow is here. Now the important thing to understand about this eyebrow before we move on.

No. This is not this person would not necessarily be very decisive. But they would tend to go get along well with other people because even though it's the the brow is a little bit flat here. Right.

It does have a nice little curve to it especially on their public face. So these people tend to be a little bit more accommodating in their public life as opposed to their private life where they tend to be a little less um diplomatic and a lot more indecisive. Right. But again we're we're here to see we're here to look.

At the big pictures. Right. Now one of the things that you'll learn in face reading when you come to face reading in uh in a few days we'll talk about narcissism. Narcissism can be seen in the eyebrows specifically in very full.

Oops specifically in very full and well manicured eyebrows. The thing about this eyebrow that. I want to point out it is very full and it's very wellformed. But it's not groomed.

Karen as far as. I know the question. Karen's asking is does the public and private side of the face change if they are right-handed or left-handed to the best of my knowledge no. Lillian was very adamant that right.

Side is public left side is private handedness doesn't matter. Okay. So she was actually quite adamant about that. But you can always test it.

Like. I said don't take anything. I say at face value. No.

Pun intended. But test it all. Right. So when we look.

At people uh and we we start we're scanning for narcissistic qualities narcissistic people will tend to have very full eyebrows or very artificially engineered eyebrows. In other words they'll be super manicured tweezed plucked um tattooed um they'll they'll they'll because there's a a narcissism tends to lend itself to a much higher degree of vanity and aesthetics. And. So you'll often see very very prominent eyebrows that are very well-groomed and well manicured in people who are higher on the narcissistic spectrum.

Now remember and this is important every human being on the planet is a narcissist. You have your nervous system by its very nature is narcissistic. Everything about it centers around itself. Human beings are inherently self-reerential.

This is why. I began the training today with the idea and the concept that human nervous system does not resist itself. The thing about when you're you'll learn this in defense against the dark arts. If you've got your package and you start going through it you'll learn that narcissists once you understand them are actually some of the easiest people in the world to manipulate because you know what they're going to do you know what their priorities are and as long as you frame things properly they'll behave in a very predictable way.

But every human being. But remember that narcissism isn't a disease. It can be pathological for sure. But narcissism is a spectrum.

It's a spectrum and you can all of us fall somewhere on that spectrum. And. So we need to embrace and understand this. We don't have to like it.

But we do have to work with it if we want to transcend it. The difference is is narcissistic people the the further they go on that spectrum the more dangerous they can become right. But one of the ways you'll see is is a high level of vanity um and and clothing choices grooming things of that nature. So.

Anony's asking. I think the question comes from where the mind sits peering out. I have the same qu. Oh that's that goes back to the whole lefty right.

I. I've told you what. I know. Um.

I have not seen a deviation yet from left side private right. Side public regardless of their handedness. And we have a bunch of lefties in our class. So is this helpful is this useful is this something you can use change liking.

Okay. Great. Um let me look. At participants.

Okay. Next. So we're gonna we're going to look. At a couple more eyebrows.

Then. I want to move on to the mouth. And. I think that's probably all we'll have time for.

But for those of you coming to face reading we will get the whole treatment in spades. Renham says "Helpful and useful opens up one one.". Yeah. Um there's this is a very deep well and it's one that is is very much worth having uh an understanding of.

I'. I haven't found a single aspect of my life where this isn't useful. Whether it's diagnosing patients whether it's working with my kids my wife whatever. Um.

I find that this is this is just like influence is an all-important life skill right. And. I'm. I'm.

So grateful that. I was given the opportunity to get the training. I got from the person. I got it from.

She gave me such a such a a deep a deep um toolkit. I guess is the best way to say to build on and foundations. So let's go and look. At a couple more eyebrows just to get an idea of what of what we're dealing with.

Okay. So thin eyebrows right. Sparse eyebrows. Again we don't have time to go into all of these.

These are long eyebrows right. Short eyebrows. Um as you can see there's a lot. This is our classic unibrow right.

Once again very masculine eyebrow. But you see it on a very feminine face right. These people have a lot of get up and go right. These people have extra levels of athleticism or create.

Now remember this is creativity as well. This is a passion. It's a drive right. And.

So this has to be expressed. It's coming out one way or the other. But these people do not do not like to be told what to do. Now.

I'll give you. I'll give you a little behavioral hack. Um that's not kind that's kind of not fair. But it is.

I'll tell you something. These people love to be the hero. Let me say that two more times. People with these kind of brows and brow bones they love to be the hero.

And they will work harder for you if they think they're bailing you out or helping you than if you're paying them. In fact if you're paying them they'll often think that they should be the boss instead of you. Right. Again we'll talk about this more in face reading.

But these are what we call mad scientist eyebrows. These are people with. Mr the proverbial. Mr.

Fixit brains right. Um what was. I what did. I want to show you oh that's what.

I wanted to show you. Oh this is the actionoriented eyebrow. You see here how there's literally like just a dash it's like it's like someone just went right. This person is they're at the stoplight.

The lights turning yellow. They're already going right. They're ready fire aim. Like they're they go right.

So contrast that with somebody who has an eyebrow that's more of this right. Super decisive super quick thinker. This one's going to. This person is going to take their own sweet time.

So. Julie is saying "Canality traits change if eyebrows are manicured?". There's enough evidence anecdotally speaking to say quite possibly yes. Um.

I've heard stories and. I've heard uh. I've been given techniques by other face reading instructors in addition to. Lillian that say changes to the facial architecture can result in changes of personality temperament or physicality.

In other words your skill your access to skills and abilities those can change right. We don't have a lot of empirical or scientific research to study that. We do have is a lot of case studies and anecdotal evidence that that's true. Now that being said where was.

I going to go with this um there seems to be more of an impact to your face based on the lifestyle you choose and the emotional life you're leading. So the life you're leading and the choices you're making behaviorally and environmentally will change your face faster uh long term there'll be there'll be much and what. I mean by that is yes. You can change your face faster by going and getting cosmetic surgery right.

We get that. But what. I'm saying is that the behavioral the changes in your facial architecture will become more reliably predictive of what that person's what what that person's internal world is like because of the lifestyle changes right. Like.

I said we h we don't have a lot of scientific evidence to show that intentionally making adding more bone to somebody's face or taking more bone out will change their personality. We have a lot of anecdotal ones. Um. But we do have some pretty solid evidence that if that your your environment will change your face and that will change your personality right.

So my my 60,000 foot view says yes. Cosmetic surgery or cosmetic applications will change things. The only thing. I can't predict is the direction and the degree.

Okay. But there is quite a bit of anecdotal evidence case studies things of that nature to support that that that is that is a definite a definite maybe. I don't want to sound flippant or you know like. I'm.

I'm making excuses. We just haven't done the research on it right. Um. But the things we do know like the the the traits that we've we've cataloged from the.

Chinese systems through the the the um large data systems research and stuff like that. That's pretty that's pretty significant. But. I wanted to show you what a a very actionoriented eyebrow you can see he's almost missing the uh the other half of his eyebrow or her eyebrow right.

It. So there should be another eyebrow here. Right. Now one of the things you want to measure when we look.

At decisiveness right. And again this is not part of what we were going to talk about today. But you want to measure where the eyebrow begins to where the the angle of the eyebrow begins to where the eyebrow actually ends. The length between the beginning of the eyebrow and the angle will tell us the interval how how fast or how how long it takes for a person to make the decision.

If that angle happens here oops this person will reach a decision faster than this person will. Right. If it goes longer this person will take longer to reach that decision. They'll still do it faster than somebody who has a horizontal eyebrow.

Okay. So um. So a couple good questions. All right.

So let me jump out of the. PowerPoint for this because. I'm going to answer your questions. But before.

I do um let me just remind you we're coming up on our time limit. I've already gone three hours and. I could be here all night. Like.

I said like. I said. I could. I could literally spend a day on just eyebrows and brow bones right.

Um for those of you who are on the fence once again we are this is our. Last call. Secrets of. Face.

Reading 1997 value. You're going to get defense against the dark arts uh identity by design home study course people reading for fun and profit three-month. NLP power mastermind mentoring trial archive face reading for fun and profit level two um face reading for fun and profit live and. Then of course the 3-day virtual healing intensive.

Total value on this is $15,229. All you got to do to get yours for just $7.97 guys do the math. Come on right. Three or three easy installments of 3.97 each.

Just go to nlpower.comface. Just click that link and you'll get all this stuff and a whole bunch more. Uh one. Last thing.

If you have questions give us a call at 858-2824663. If you call and the line is busy. Please please please please please please please leave your name and contact information because if you call and you don't get through. But you leave your name and contact information you will qualify for the bonuses tonight.

Okay. If you call and do not leave your contact information and you call tomorrow you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses. Now the other thing the fast action bonuses that. I talked about the.

AST. NLP power mastermind mentoring trial the face reading for fun and profits um live class um the the healing intensive all that good stuff that's only available while. I am live on the webinar tonight. So literally guys when.

I log off tonight's webinar all this stuff goes away. You have this until 11:59 p.m tonight. If you click that link before. I log off you get all this and you get it for this right.

But if you wait until after the webinar this goes away. You can still get this for this right. I'm just putting it out there. I'm making it very explicit for people.

Uh now. I'm going to go ahead and answer some questions. So if you haven't clicked your link go ahead and do that now. All right.

So let's start with the questions here. Um. So admit. Audacity is asking wondering about a desired brow to have for a female.

That is a really great question and it really depends on context. There's no. Such thing as a bad eyebrow. So let let's be very clear and this is one of the things that.

I got from my teacher um that you won't find a lot in other people's face reading system especially the. Asian ones. Um one of the things that. Lillian noticed and she was half.

Chinese um that. Lillian noticed about the the. Chinese face reading systems was that they tended to skew very negative and very pessimistic about facial traits. And.

So. Lillian went out of her way to try and frame every feature as having really good parts really good aspects to it and some detriments to it. Whereas if you went to a classically trained face they say "Oh you're lazy. Oh you're sloppy.

Oh you're going to be poor or you're going to marry bad husbands.". They they they they just go right. To the the negative. Now the idea wasn't to to make you feel bad about yourself.

The idea was they would tell you these things. So that you could be better. And that's one of the the characteristics of a lot of uh. Chinese culture because.

I've. I've my wife is. Chinese. I have.

Chinese in-laws. I've seen the byproduct the product of of this upbringing. It's not that they don't they don't love their children or they right. It's they want their children to be better.

And. So they just always are finding all the things that they're weak at right. Which has side effects as you can imagine that that that cultural thing tended to carry across into most uh most approaches to face reading. Lillian went very much a different direction.

She was very sensitive to the fact that you're opening up a person's most personal intimate um vulnerable aspect. And. So she would be very very clear about coming at things with a she would always find a way to complement a feature. First and.

Then tell you all the different aspects of it. So that you were always felt better about yourself. Right. So when we talk about the the desired eyebrow for female that's not something that you could say is a standard.

It's it could be a cultural thing. But a lot of it is going to be based on what do you want for your life right. Are you somebody who wants to be the cruise director like. Julie on.

Loveboat who's very outgoing very social very supportive very positive very loving very nurturing. Are you somebody like. Freda. Kawa.

I think is is her. Last name who's super aggressive wants to chart her own course create powerful works of art and just be her own boss right. And just do things her way and not worry about what anybody else has to say right. Different eyebrows are going to give you different characters and temperaments.

And what makes it ideal is is it giving you the life you want is it is it generating with you the behaviors and the lifestyle that gives you the life you want to have certainly if what the anecdotal and case studies that we've encountered are true we can change aspects of oursel by changing the architecture. Right. I for one do it a lot because eyebrows are one of the in terms of social influence. The eyebrows are one of the most powerful and important communication tools that we have.

In this context we're using eyebrows as a means of profiling people of understanding their character their temperament not the character their personality and their temperament their predispositions behaviorally right. In a from a from a an aspect of interpersonal communication aside from the eyes. Themsel and the mouth there is no. Other feature that generates more information and conveys more information dynamically um in for influence and persuasion than the eyebrows.

And. So one of the things that. I do and. I'll tell you right.

Up front. I darken my eyebrows every time. I teach a webinar. Why because you're going to judge me based on that on the fullness of my eyebrows.

And if you can't see them that's going to have ramifications too. Right. This is why actors wear makeup right. Um there are certain attributes that have an influence connotation to them right.

So for. Shane seven seconds. Facial width and size. Eyebrow width eyebrow fullness.

Okay. There's three traits right. Four traits right. There that you can look.

At in less than two seconds. Okay. Have. I noticed the trends now women are painting.

Yes. Yes. I've noticed the trend. Okay.

So once again when we look. At somebody we want to look. At their fa the size of their face. We want to look.

At the dominance of their three zones. We want to look. At the space between their eyebrows the fullness and the length of their eyebrow the arch of the eyebrow right. And.

Then we can look. At the mouth. Okay. And.

I don't have time to do mouth tonight unfortunately. But hopefully um we'll have time to do that at the training. Uh let me see if there's any other questions that. I missed.

Shane is saying "Is there a way for someone who has straight eyebrows to make decisions faster?". Yes. Yes. In fact here's the thing.

Here's what. I love about face. It's a feedback loop. If.

I intentionally engage in the behaviors intentionally and consciously engage in the behaviors that are different from my facial traits my facial traits will start to change. This is one of the things that is a little bit on the woo side. But. I absolutely love about the.

Chinese uh face reading systems is that your face changes as your emotional balances and proportions change. So if. I come up with a a process or a model to use an. NLP word that allows me to make decisions faster and.

I put myself in an environment where. I can apply that strategy and just having to keep making decisions faster and faster and faster my eyebrows will develop an arch. They'll literally develop an arch or they'll become more arched because of the environment and the behaviors. I'm engaging in 7 seconds.

I'm testing this. Thanks for the insight. Okay. Good.

Okay. [Music]. Um. So.

Brennan was asking about how about facial scarring from accidents or incidents those can absolutely have an impact and they can have a very predictive or prognosticative uh influence as well. So yeah any any change to the facial architecture can result in a change in personality or temperament. So admit asks is brow artists do measure to find a brow yes. Tara is asking.

I speak from experience. I used to shave my eyebrows and draw them on get. Botox etc. I stopped doing all that and.

I'm a very different person. Thank you. Great. Awesome.

Thank you. Tara. Um. Anony's asking "Uh going into posture acting class is on my list.

I'm a robust. I'm a robot most of the time.". Yeah start with a basic acting class. Then go into method and.

Then graduate to improv. And. I think you'll find yourself having a lot more fun at parties and just being able to tap into that and becoming much more influential and charismatic in general. Right.

Best hypnotists on the planet are actors their whole job is to to suck you out of your reality and and brain deep into theirs uh without you even realizing it's happening sometimes. So. I. I have.

I can't say enough about acting training for people who want to be good at influence. Okay. That being said um. Last call.

Last call. So to speak right. Once again go ahead and click your links. If uh.

Mia and. Moss if you'll go ahead and post a link. So people can grab their uh grab their. Last minute calls you'll get all this stuff.

Remember when. I log off uh all the stuff in blue and below goes away. So you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course. You're going to get defense against the dark arts real world hypnosis identity by design home study course people reading for fun and profit.

NLP power mastermind mentoring program the three-month trial archive face reading for fun and profit level two face reading live 3-day certification boot camp and of course a 3-day virtual healing intensive from the comfort of your own home. It's a $15,229 value. You're going to get it all for just one low installment of 7.97 or you can break that up into three installments of 3.97 each. And remember after you click the link and you show up in person for face reading.

I will wave the prerequisites for. NLP practitioner certification in. May. So again that's only good if you show up in person right.

If you show up virtually you still got to do the prerex. Good. Good news for you is you got them on video. But you still have to do the live.

So. Anyway that's my job. That's my story. I'm sticking to it.

I love you all. Uh in the words of the immortal. Carol. Bernett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song. Seems we just got started. And before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long. Good night my friends. Good. God bless.

Click those links before it's too late. And uh we'll see you on the other side. Good night and. God bless.

Take care.
