Title: How To Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind In Minutes To Get Rid of Physical &amp; Emotional Pain! Hypnosis
File Name: 291XWHBKK2Y.txt
Video Id: 291XWHBKK2Y
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=291XWHBKK2Y

Really you got something you want to get rid of. Maria did you have something you want to get rid of yes. Your one your hope you do my knee my best me okay. Have you gone as far and treating it as you can.

I have done all kinds of things kitchen coming back okay. I like to run some while would get a little bit okay. Running okay. Um is there any reason why you might want to keep this well okay.

So here's what. I want you to do. First this we're going to apply a root and branch theory a little bit okay. What's your point where you feel it excellent close your eyes.

Look. At the could look. At the pain notices a color connected to that pain what's the color. First and prime alright.

We're going to come back to that in just a moment. But now as you touch it with one hand. I want you to imagine that there the picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling reach out and touch it with your other hand okay. So it's here now imagine also that there's a picture in the somewhere in the space around you floating in the space like a hologram that represents that which.

I don't touch that would be same just touch it wears it up you trace the edges of it would flows with your hands you know exactly oh my goodness very good now grab it with both of your hands and just make sure we've got the right. One double the size of it tell me what happens to the feeling in your body what happens to the feeling. Moran yeah put it back that's good enough okay. Now put a big thick black frame around this perfect now you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches and stuff like that.

But along the border of that frame. I want you to notice that there's a set of knobs and one of them controls the volume one of them controls the vertical hold one of them controls the brightness find the brightness knob grab a hold of it turn it all the way to the right. Till the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel mom very good now turn all the way to the left until image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel relaxed excellent which one you one better black all right. Turn all the way to the black now with the index finger of your dominant hand you can imagine it's either as a stylus or a sharpie magic marker and what.

I want you to do is there were lessons that this experience this feeling had to teach you. I want you to write across that screen all of the lesson that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just start writing and the screen will scroll. So you can write as much or as little as you want and keep writing until you know you're done [Music] and shrinks down to the size of a postage down and move that up over the top of your head all the way back behind the horizon and the other sound of nail gun makes when you nail something a little all the way back behind the horizon when you know it's nail.

Jack they're impossible to come back try to bring it back and notice what happens instead oh good excellent all right. Open your eyes. Notice how different uni ships scale of 0 to 10 0. I guess you're done they ground the pause for the ladies what.

I've discovered that many times even after the injury is healed the unconscious mind will perpetuate the sensation to remind us to stay safe when we went through our silo yesterday what we discover what we talked about was the induction general negativity clearing specific negativity clearing primary intervention all right. Well you just saw a specific negativity clearing many times the unconscious mind will refuse to remove a problem because it's afraid if we let go of the problem we'll forget the lessons it had teach us and it will happen again one of the prime directives of the unconscious mind is to keep you safe no. Matter what yes. Car doesn't matter no.

Absolutely no. Merit bearing on whether the visual or not every human being on the planet is visual whether they conscious of it or not is not is is the issue. But if you can reach out and touch it and display pretend you can change it ok. And most people don't actually see pictures they just know as a picture they're okay.

So. I wouldn't worry about it if you have a body and again people have been trained in. NLP it's they get hung up on that word visualization there's a way that you know exactly what the colors of your room are at home and yet that will tell you that they don't see a picture. But they do right.

The difference is that the picture sometimes behind that firewall conscious awareness or it goes by. So fast that they can't track it. But ever even blind people see inside their heads they just do it differently okay. There is always an internal representation and your unconscious might always sees it okay.

As we get deeper into some of these things we'll start things. So what. I did with. Maria is something.

I would normally do for a crime like if it is a disease issue or something like that goes back to. Chinese roots branch if something's perpetuating the. First thing. I want to find out is it okay.

To get rid of it is it okay. To get rid of it right. And a lot of times especially you start to develop your sensory acuity as they you want to get rid of that and go you'll see this with this micro expression of fear because there's a part in it if. I get rid of it.

I might be vulnerable something that might happen again. So you need to give the unconscious mind a process whereby it specifically extracts the lesson necessary and it can let the rest go because when the unconscious mind creates this cloud it's not organized the way we understand it it's like one big soup right. And that's the only process at that moment in time that the unconscious mind has to retain that one piece it will keep the whole thing it will keep the baby and the bathwater right. Instead of just the baby.

So we got to take the baby out of the bath water. So it's willing to get rid of the bathwater that make sense. So really trying to be kind to the unconscious life yes. L.

Ericsson said it best your clients are going to be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind which means it's a breakdown in the communication and the reason there's a breakdown in the communication is because at every level of the brain or every level of the mind there's a little firewall that has to be passed through the technical term is lemon. Li mi n. Li mi n as in subliminal para liminal all right. And sometimes that barriers is very perfect permeable and information passes freely and many times it does not yes.

David why are you asking her to write. I don't know. I said the lesson that that experience had teacher. So she can keep the lesson to let the rest go.

But. I don't understand like what is she thinking about not anything she's not thinking she's processing yeah she didn't rob ibly had there's a good if there's a good chance she had no. Idea what she wrote consciously okay. This is another big myth we don't consciously have to know this because of the part of you that always knows it just wants to know what to do with it that's what the unconscious mind is waiting to do most of the time it's waiting for instructions about what to do with this.

So can you do this to yourself yeah do you need a know you can do this to yourself all day long as long as you can play pretend and you can point to where you feel it.
