Title: Lie Detection, Body Language Face Reading Psychological Tactics For Speed Reading Anyone Instantly!
File Name: 3bQyUkT1RGk.txt
Video Id: 3bQyUkT1RGk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bQyUkT1RGk

Everything human beings do write this down if you have notes otherwise wait for the video. But take this to the bank everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of that's what it comes down to now if you have a background in things like neuro-linguistic programming they'll say well no. No.

Some people are visual and some people are auditories and some people are kind of are olfactories and. I actually metal. Factory people they're very weird they smell everything um. But here's the bottom line every single process that they do whether they start with a visual an end at a kinesthetic or they start an auditory they ended a kinesthetic everything ends in a kinesthetic and that feeling is going to move people this is your.

First concept towards and away from what do they move towards pleasure. Comfort attraction what do they move away from. Pain uncertainty discomfort confusion okay. When we start thinking about body language and how to read people the problem that we have when we it's a fascinating study and.

I've been doing this most of my life one of the problems is there's too much information right. Most people like if you're anything like me you probably have six or seven books on body language sitting collecting dust on your shelves and you maybe looked at it once right. And. So you're and you're trying to memorize all the different variations that a person's body can take you don't need to do that you just need to understand the.

Continuum of body language and a few basic principles and if you have these heuristics or rules of thumb you can look. At any person or group of people know who the. Rapport leader is who's more into who who's not having it who's going to lie to you who isn't or as. I say with a high probability of who's going to lie to you or hold back.

So let's talk about those principles and. Then let's look. At some of the fastest easiest to learn things that we can put into practice right. Away to start reading people now the best part about the technologies that we teach in.

Planet. David you don't got to believe any of it these things are not belief dependent all you got to do is do it you'll get the result now there's another side to this all the things you're learning about in terms of how to read people has a be has a. Programming type component to it one of the classes. I teach is called the mating dance the five the seven stages of uh body language that people go through from complete stranger to what.

I like to call one plus one equals three extreme intimacy there are seven discrete stages that they go through five to seven discrete stages that they go through these seven stages translate to pretty much any other application. Beyond dating. I have personal injury attorneys using it in vladir in jury selection in depositions. I have uh therapists uh students of mine who are using it as part of their intake and it all comes down to towards and away from okay.

So that's the. First one. I want you to get people are either going to move towards something or they're going to move away from something. But what are the things that they actually um do okay.

So we're going to talk about the big picture the report. Continuum. I'm gonna need two volunteers for this can. I use you too all right.

Here's how this works hopefully come on up all right. So when we start looking at. Dynamic interactions between people there's a few things. I want you to get.

First is called the center the ventral line the constructive. Center okay. Your ventral line if. I draw a line from the top of my head straight down the center of my body okay.

That's your ventral line if. I draw a line from the top of my head right. Down the middle that's my dorsal line when they're standing back to back this is anti-report dorsal lines facing each other moving away from each other these people are moving away from connection does that make sense that's the outlier the ends of the continuum as people move through the lines of connection and chemistry and attraction they start moving towards things several things are going to begin to change right. Away.

First is going to be ventral orientation. Next thing is going to happen is proximity is going to shift and you know what happens more ventral orientation more proximity until they're. PP to pee pee right. They're they're family it's okay.

I get away with it. But my thank you guys give these guys around. Applause that's the. First thing go ahead give it a run it's not easy to get up here and deal with me damn it right.

By the way. I should give you my disclaimer if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you you should probably go hang out with somebody else right.

But this is something. I want you don't believe me just watch okay. You will see people moving through these phases as they move from stranger to intimacy. But you'll also see variations of this you'll see very um uh variations in the.

Continuum. But if you don't know the. Continuum you don't have a framework to extrapolate from does that make sense right. Body language is not an exact science.

But there are some shortcuts that you can apply to speed reading people the. First one is that whole idea of ventral orientation and proximity okay. Now you have the ventral line. Then you have we call the constructive.

Center everybody take your fingers touch it under your eyes. Like this now draw a line down the center of your body that's called your constructive. Center all of your organs all of your vital organs fall in that space that is the most sensitive delicate vulnerable part of your body the more uncomfortable a person feels the more they block access to it the more comfortable a person feels the more it opens up take it to the bank every other body language configuration that you will encounter in any book. Falls in that line they're either blocking access to that ventral line and that that constructive.

Center or they're opening it those are the extremes you understand towards away from towards pleasure away from pain makes sense okay. So ventral line constructive. Center the more you can draw like if. I'm working with this lady here right.

And we're talking. I'm very comfortable she's very comfortable right. She feels very safe with me. But let's say.

I make some loo nasty comment. First thing she's going to do is this or you'll see this if. I say something she likes how do you all watch your favorite movie you like this or like this right. Towards away from pleasure pain it's it's all the same keep it simple.

So when you're talking to somebody and all of a sudden they lean forward you just said something they liked something they want to hear more of you see him lean back you said something they either don't agree with or they find painful or uncomfortable in some way if they lean back and do this what just happened now they don't feel safe you see it's all the same towards and away from do. I give you more access or do. I take it away do. I set up impediments to this ventral line does that make sense don't believe me just go out to the nearest singles bar or wherever people hang out watch people talking you'll see people at the bar can.

I uh can. I use you real quick let's say we're just we're sidled up to the bar here right. Okay. So if she's put your arm up kind of like this now can.

I easily access her central line who's who's more comfortable right. Now hear me exactly why she can just punch me right. In the head right. If there's there's nothing stopping her.

But this. I if. I want to get to her vital organs or to her face. I gotta go past that hand you understand people will always put either a body part or an object between them and the source of their discomfort now let's talk about what thank you very much for a big round of applause let's talk about lie detection for a minute remember there is no.

Single cue that indicates deception there isn't what you get are increasing indicators of stress discomfort negative neurological arousal the more neurological negative neurological arousal the body goes through the more we start to self-soothe these are we are we opening ourselves up we're closing ourselves up you ever you ever see anybody like just try to sell through themselves by going we don't do that we do this we do this we we do this everything's covering our ventral line you understand when you start to see people shift from their normal way of. Behaving and that's what gonna we're gonna we're gonna get into the principles of this now. But everything. I'm going to share with you fits within this.

Frame of towards and away from towards pleasure away from. Pain does that make sense is it useful okay. When you're doing sales or when you're working with a client and all of a sudden you see that that closing off of the ventral line you know you just hit something that either needs you need to install more safety more comfort more connection. So access to the.

Venture line proximity do they attempt to either close the distance between you or increase it blocking is a way of increasing distance another way you'll see it a lot of times is especially if they're trying to be cool oh that's all locked together. I guess. I'm not going to play with that all right. So.

I'll do this. So. I'm sitting here we're talking and all of a sudden somebody says something that puts me on the spot or makes me feel uncomfortable maybe. I'll be open up here.

But you'll see you have to look. Up you have to stand up and look. You see this see the legs move away when you start reading body language we're going to talk about face reading towards the end of the training um when you start seeing parts of their body move away that's someone trying to to to negate the stress without showing you they're trying to negate the stress does that make sense. So blocking moving away again towards pleasure away from pain away from discomfort for my.

Next trick pleasure paint can we talk all right. So we talked about. Comfort versus discomfort if. I'm comfortable.

I'm gonna chill. I'm going to take out this is how you can tell you can assess the level of dominance somebody tends to have dominant people usually feel comfortable in their own skin and. So they have no. Problem taking up space vertically and horizontally fact if you want to be more confident and you want to be given more credibility if you learn to physically take up more space vertically and horizontally people will give you more.

Authority okay. Dominant versus subordinate dominant people are big and forward what does that mean go over here and do this go do that right. They're big they're up they're forward and up subordinate people please don't hurt me they're forwarding down and small they get small and forward. So you have the difference between this and this.

So when you move through the world you can assess is somebody comfortable or uncomfortable are they being dominant or subordinate in relation to the person they're dealing with they'll tend to make themselves smaller if they're in the subordinate role does that make sense okay. How are we doing on time five minutes damn all right. Well we don't have to these are the principles that you can learn. So let me just do this really quick these are something this is this is what this is what we call.

Active profiling okay. When you look. At somebody's face there are three key areas or three key traits that you can pay attention to that will get will let you assert comfortable versus uncomfortable and the the probability that they might want to lie to you the. First is called blink rate when you meet someone the.

First thing you want to do is establish a baseline what is their. Norm understand before you start injecting any input or any emotion what do they do normally. Then you want to calculate deviance from the. Baseline what do you want to look.

At the. First thing is you want to look. At how fast how many times in one minute do they blink how many times in one minute do they blink if someone likes what you're saying their blink rate will slow down someone likes you their blink rate will slow down if they don't like you if they don't like what you're saying if they're processing and analyzing what you're saying and thinking about what they're going to say. Next their blink rate is going to speed up.

But you don't know that until you know what they normally do. So you got to get a baseline right. Off the bat does that make sense what else can you look. At shutter speed what the hell does that mean this is the number of times that they blink in a given minute this is how fast they open and close their eyes.

So are they doing this or this the speed at which the eye opens and closes determines also towards and away from if they're into what if they're if they don't like what you're doing they're uncomfortable or unattractive the blink rate's gonna they're gonna open and close their eyes. Faster if they like what they're looking at if they're focused if they're engaged slower people go deep into trance they're blinking practically stops right. The. Last thing.

I want you to look. At a lot of people know this. But this is one that you again if you don't know what they what their normal is you can't calibrate deviation pupil dilation big pupil they like you the bigger the pupil the more attractive they are the only time that changes is when they're extremely terrified. So here's how you figure out which is which if you see huge pupils look.

Under their chair if there's a puddle they're not attracted okay. The smaller the pupil the more the more constricted the pupil becomes the more they are analyzing what you are saying and formulating a response that's where deception can happen because now they're not an open book. Now they're not necessarily in super deep. Rapport they're distancing themselves internally from everything that you're saying to figure out what to say.

Next. I call it the people dance you'll see as you go through these different stages of. Rapport and connection the pupils will just oscillate and you can zero in like a. GPS on the things that that make them light up the things that stress them out.

So these are things that we that will change in the moment. But you got to have a baseline. Last thing. I want to talk about what if it were possible actually look.

At somebody's face and know what emotions are the are giving them the most problems. I have a doctorate in. Chinese medicine part of what we learn is facial diagnosis whoops you see someone with a line starts about halfway above the eyebrow moving towards the outside extreme skeptic you don't got to believe me someone with lines are coming here we all know about the joy lines here one of the things you want to pay very close attention to is a few people have people. Lions could descend down from the outer corner of the eye if your therapist pay really close attention to this this is somebody who's stuffed down and experienced a lot of grief sorrow or just or um um sadness a lot of times they'll present with lung problems because that's where those emotions go if you see a line that comes across and down the cheek this is somebody who in the past has lost something that was such an intrinsic part of their identity that when that was gone they they lost a part of themselves part of your job as a like we have a program called.

Golden path which is about finding your mission in this world and getting back on the spiritual. Mission you came into a lot of times people will present with this when something that was part of their golden path has been taken away okay. Um people have um these kind of lines here usually very impatient or they spend a lot of time driving in. La one of the two right.

But uh usually have irritation audience and impatience um well there's a like. I mean. I could talk for hours on this how much time do. I have yes.

Sir when you if you see no. Expression up here chances are they're a. Botox baby all right. But here's the thing it will also blunt their emotional expression it and it toxifies the liver this area is connected to the liver organ.

I can diagnose your entire face by the lines markings and colorations of your face that's just part of my training. But there's. So much more to that personality and temper. I have three courses that.

I teach on this and this is what this is one of the most immediately useful things when you see people with lines vertical lines around the lips you're looking at someone who's got a lot of stuff down a lot of bitterness right. You see someone with these lines that come down a lot of disappointment in their life right. Um these lines here we call these disempowerment lines you see this in a lot of abuse victims and what happens in in in this situation is somebody encroached on their boundaries and they tried to fight back they tried to push back how many people here remember the old movie are the old television series. All in the.

Family with. Carol. O'Connor remember. Edith it's okay.

Archie everything is gonna be fine right. That's. Edith. Bunker what happens in this case is this person their boundary was violated they pushed back and the person they were pushing back against pushed back.

So much harder that the person went from being protecting themselves to trying to just appease him to make it go away. So. I call these appeasement lines you will see this a lot of times in your in our therapy clients okay. So when you look.

At people you will start to see their emotional history written on their face the. Chinese say um when you're when you're. First born you're never closer to your original face by the time you hit your 50s you got the face you deserve right. But what's really cool this is where it gets really woo-woo pardon my.

French is if you start to unpack the the energy behind these lines and you resolve it the line goes away in seconds my teacher. Lillian. Bridges who. I you know she passed on a couple years ago.

But. I'm carrying on her lineage she would say um well what she would do is at the end of the training she would bring people in we didn't know we'd have to do face readings right. And they would she would take a before picture and an after picture. Then she would sign one of us to go do the face reading and.

Then they would take an after picture now soon as everybody left they put the pictures side by side and it was a different person right. This. First time. I heard that.

I called like you wouldn't believe and. Then. I saw it happen right. I was.

I was doing a distance hypnotherapy session with somebody one time and we and she had been like dominated and repressed all her life and she got her power back and her whole freaking eyebrow went you ever see that when the needle pops on the turkey baster it's like one minute she was flat the. Next minute she had frankenbrow it was incredible right. And. So we have lots of face readers if you guys want a complimentary face reading just talk to anybody with one of these cool shirts oh.

I'm sorry. Richard is reminding me you guys like this is this cool all right. Would you like to learn more how would you like to learn it for free would that be cool all you got to do on your seats are little packets of mints the mints are yours to keep on the mint is a barcode if you scan that barcode you're going to be taken to a web page if you've signed your name and email you'll be added to my special invitation list seven within seven days after this event is over you'll receive a personal invitation to a free four-hour speed reading people class there is no. Charge it's not a webinar.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna go through the fundamentals we're gonna break you up into. Zoom rooms and you're going to read each other and you're going to practice and you're going to get really good at it yes. Sir it's a virtual training.

So you can do it from anywhere. But we do what we do for those who want to do it live in. Dallas in. April.

I have a three-day uh introduction to face reading class and it's the classical system. I was taught. So um we're filling up. But if you guys are interested in getting in on that live and in person see.

Stephanie at my booth and she will get you on the guest list and tell you how to become involved that being said please scan the links put in your name and join me uh in a couple of weeks for going deep dive was this fun is this useful if you liked it please tell everybody if not say you're at somebody else's event yes. Sir if somebody's what. I. I can somebody repeat what.

I can't barely hear this gentleman. I would love to uh-huh oh they like their hand their pupils are gonna do that if they don't like their hand it's going to be this yeah if they like yeah if they like their hand their their shutter speed will slow down right. Unless they're looking around if they're nervous. Then you'll see them speed up.

But you got to calibrate it. But it's all towards and away from it's all towards and away from the moment you the moment you get the report. Continuum and you understand comfortable uncomfortable dominant subordinate towards and away from it all starts to make sense right. I'm.

Dr. David. Snyder. David.

Snyder nlp.com good night. God bless oh we have one more talk today it's called how to connect with your. Divine self it's that empowering speakers what time is the the. Next talk what's that three it's on this it's on the schedule just go down and look.

I'll. I'll show up eventually take care thank you.
