Title: PSYCHOLOGICAL TACTICS: Weapons of Social Seduction &amp; Defense Against The Dark Arts Training
File Name: 3LNx6KxHCgs.txt
Video Id: 3LNx6KxHCgs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LNx6KxHCgs

Hello hello my friends my name is. Dr. David. Snyder and welcome to secrets of human influence or otherwise known as.

Weapons of social seduction and defense against the dark arts today's training is going to be about the. Art and. Science of human influence both ethical and less than ethical we're going to teach you the most powerful effective and efficient ways to get people to. Simply like you love you and trust you uh in the shortest amount of time possible and how to do that in an ethical honest and.

Powerful way and. Then how we can actually take these same ideas these same. Concepts and techniques and teach you how to turn the tables on the bad guys the bad. Jedi or the.

Sith of the persuasion world the manipulators the sociopaths the the dark. Triads the machiavellians. I'm going to save a lot of that for part three of our webinar because once we've gotten through the foundations now. I can when.

I reference things like the echo technique or the three magic questions protocol or resistance removal or emotional bonding you'll understand what. I'm talking about okay. I'm going to try and go fairly quickly uh and still be comprehensive. But again if you're just joining us if you missed my little pre-game warm-up as we like to say for uh for our records for uh.

So we all know that we're all part of the same. Community remember we're zooming this on we're zooming this live and that's also being live streamed to our our wonderful folks and friends out on. YouTube remember that we have a zero zero tolerance trolling policy. I have several people we call it whack.

Patrol if they even get remotely get the hint that you're uh pulling uh pulling people's experience away in a negative way they'll just they'll just ban you all right. Um most of the people we we bring into. Planet. David they're they're here for the beer.

So to speak they're here for the the content and the actionable stuff and that's kind of where. I want to start tonight. I wanna. I wanna just lay the foundations out for you and just tell you right.

Up front. I don't waste my time on on low percentage technique. I don't have time in my life for stuff that sometimes works and sometimes doesn't if. I don't have a high 90 success rate with a technique it doesn't make it into my my curriculum or my repertoire nothing in this uh nothing and.

I repeat nothing in this webinar is theoretical it's all real world proven actionable stuff distilled down to a core set of mechanics you don't have to believe any of this will work being a technical term strategic human influence. Technologies right. All you got to do is have an open mind apply the technique. First on yourself and.

Then on other people and watch the response okay. Uh. So again just to reiterate you're going to need things to write with things to write on now if you have just a tablet that that's okay. But.

I would prefer if you could actually physically write things out because that's how you're going to get the biggest influence on your nervous system by actually doing the drills and having those experiences because once you've had that experience those doors once you open them you can't go back to being the old you all right. It's really really powerful we start to see. The. Matrix.

So to speak. So make sure you have things to write with also because this is going to be a bit of a long webinar if you're used to very short you know buy my kind of webinars that's really not what this is about this is about delivering you hardcore real world actionable content that you can take right. Out into the world and put to use okay. There's going to be times during this webinar where it seems like.

I'm just not getting to the point there's going to be times when. I'm just going to say do this do this do this and. I'm going to be doing it. So fast like wait what did you say what do you do relax there's going to be a replay if you miss something you miss out on maybe the the bonuses for the offers that we do at the end of the webinar.

But you'll still get the content and you'll be able to go out and do these things and apply them for yourself okay. Um that being said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn even with a three hour webinar. I've got time for this. So my promise to you my commitment as always from my heart is.

I will take you as far into this. Rabbit. Hole as. I can.

I will give you as much hardcore distilled real world actionable content as humanly possible and. I will point you in the direction of where to go for the. Next step that's part two of the weather is that fair if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type it that's fair let's do that in the in the chat for me go ahead and do that now cool excellent. Tom says um excellent excellent.

Keith says okay. There they're coming in good there's. I see there's a nice. Joy there's.

Ken uh. Ellie. Christopher hey. Chris good to see you.

Christina. Fuentes. Jillian excellent. Aurora's here okay.

They're all flowing in good very good. So again stay till the end of the webinar because we have an offer connected to the offer uh. I. I gave a little bit of a teaser about it um during my pregame warm-up.

But. I was playing with chat. GTP. Last night.

I got this download for a prompt and. I typed the prompt in and all of a sudden. Pandora's. Box opened and.

I saw the. Holy. Grail. I.

I saw the. I saw our. Next product. But.

I wanted what. I want to do with that is. I want us to create it together. I want to give you guys an opportunity to be in the audience and to participate in the creation of that product.

So um if you if you grab our offer at the end of the webinar um you're going to get a special. VIP ticket on top of the other things that we might add. So that you can participate and learn some stuff that nobody's ever seen right. Especially not in this format.

Anyway that being said um let's see what else the politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of your uh your time my intention is never to offend anyone. But. I don't believe in uh and. I'm pretty sure that most of the people in.

Planet. David don't have time to uh for either they want stuff that's going to work fast effective and consistently and that's what we specialize in you have a problem we're here to help you solve it it's that simple um. Heather's asking what if we want the offer. But we have to leave early if that should happen if enough people ask for that.

Then. I will post the link early and you can you can go there or you can reach out to. Stephanie uh at uh 858-282-4663 or. Brandon who is also.

Manning the chat and they will send you a link or they will um or they will uh personally allow you in. I know a lot of times when. I start talking about all the things you're going to be getting and stuff like that people did they just where can. I buy where can.

I buy if that happens because. I like to talk if you haven't figured that out about me yet. I love this. I love being with you guys.

I love talking about this stuff uh and this is one actually one of the. First big influence tactics. I want you to understand if you can move through the world radiating a sense of love and comfort and connection with everyone you meet in a non-creepy way they're mirror neurons will pick that up and their defenses will start to go down. So one of the things that we teach in our uh our classes and things like that is this concept we call.

State. Control. State control is the ability to enter or exit any psychomotional state at will from any other state in other words if. I'm in an angry.

State how can. I go from being raging angry to joyful in seconds how can. I do that how can. I interrupt that state go into something completely different by choice how can.

I move through the world being surrounded by people hurling insults at me and feel good about myself and not have anybody push my buttons ever again that's. State. Control. State.

Control if there is a. Jedi power in. Planet. David it's our state control training no.

One no. One can do that. I've seen and. I've looked no.

One can do what we do with our state control training no. One teaches you how to tap into the power of your nervous system and use it as a fuel source an energy source and a connection and. Bridge. Building source uh than the killer influence training and the defense against the dark arts trainings and here's the best part about that it only gets stronger the longer you do it and it's impossible to be caught.

But it's also. Beyond a couple of techniques it's also the one thing you will never see on a public video if you get one of our courses or home study courses all the drills are there and you can follow those and practice them. But when you're in the room with us and you're working with not not one person or two people. But 20 30 people doing these same drills over and over and over again it's it blows open doors in your neurology and your ability to develop empathic.

Bridges with people that you can test right. Uh and those doors stay open right. So you'll get you'll get a little bit here we're going to do some things together you'll get even more in the video courses and. Then when you're ready to embody that training it comes alive and and we'll just keep stepping.

But here's the thing it's like going it's like um think of it like weight lifting or calisthenics for your nervous system the more you learn to do these drills the more powerful and and pervasive that that feel that you generate becomes and we have people like. I said before we have people who are in the personal injury field they've sent me videos of their client their um the the expert. Witnesses for their opposition. So entrenched.

So connected to them that they're willing to waive their attorney-client privilege to answer my students questions okay. I have again that's one of the places that that people. I have people in the. Pentagon.

I have people in in various three-letter agencies who are applying this stuff a very well-known uh behavioral influence guy uses some of the things you're going to learn tonight in his interrogations right. Why because it works and that's why. I've picked the the techniques tonight that we're going to go over. But for those of you who are brand new uh if you're a.

First timer please uh please type that in the chat for me if it's your. First time and where you're checking in from and if there was one thing that you could take away from tonight's webinar that would have made your investment in the time and energy and effort all worthwhile what might that be for you and the reason. I'm asking this because. I want you to connect the achievement of that with the process and the byproducts of tonight's webinar okay.

First time from. Phoenix we got. Ellie we got. Jason okay.

Any other. First timers you got. Ken uh oh. Aurora and.

Jesse oh good lots of first-timers excellent excellent. I see some hands raised and. I would love to raise those. I would love to address those um that kind of pulls me off.

But uh we got. Tom lots of people okay. Great all right. So let me go through the the standard portion of tonight let's get through that the the preliminaries as quickly as we can.

So we can jump right. Into the meat uh. Sabrina saying. I would love to learn how to counter someone who is dismissive of your power and authority oh that's easy that is.

So easy to do uh and you're and. Then the. First three techniques we're going to talk about will let you do that okay. So let me ask you a question just.

So we're on the same page what is the currency of relationships what is the currency of relationships now if you're if you're a veteran if you're a veteran of. Planet. David this is not for you it's for the new people right. This is a class yeah it's a webinar yeah there's an offer.

But it's a class. I'm here to teach you and to do that we have to be interactive. I thrive on interactiveness this is how you make this stuff stick. So.

Ken says trust. Tom says emotion. Betty says communication. Sabrina says respect amazingly good answers wrong.

George says. I would have gone with trust. Keith says feeling excellent functionally functionally this is important all of those things are derivatives trust communication feeling respect all of these are derivatives of something else something that is much more fundamental whether you realize it or not. Arena says love also great answer.

Brett says energy all great all close no. Connection and. Report. Manfred says close you guys are.

So close. So close. Brad says listening oh you guys like damn it what's he doing with us all right. You guys ready write this down write this down the currency of all relationships personal political professional selling dating negotiation is attention attention look.

At all the words that you guys wrote in the chat how many of them can pick take place without attention. First type you type your comments and type what you know do you get it if you're with me on this go ahead type them with you on that in the chat excellent okay. So some people said. Focus actually attention comes before.

Focus because you have different kinds of attention you have pre-conscious awareness or pre-conscious attention let's let's go even one step further before you can have attention you. First have to have awareness okay. But that gets really nebulous for people. But it's going to become very very clear on a functional level very very quickly the currency of all relationships of all interactions for us is attention.

But where does attention come from attention comes from awareness awareness is a field a. Consciousness now you have different levels to your awareness it's when things emerge into our awareness that we start to do something called orientation right. How many people here are familiar with a concept from the military known as an ooda. Loop an.

UDA. Loop if you're familiar with that type. I'm familiar in the chat if you're not it's okay. I'm going to explain it to you what do you mean by currency in other words currency is like money right.

You spend it the more attention. I give to something the more it changes either positive the more. I get something. I want or get rid of something.

I don't want okay. Okay. So o o d a observe. Orient decide act let's do that again observe.

Orient design decide and act okay. So the the acronym is o o d a and that stands for observe. Orient the side. Act now.

I'm not going to go into the into the history of the. Ood. Loop where it comes from it goes all the way back to around the. Korean.

War some maybe even before. But what happens is you're moving through the world and you have a certain field of awareness and. Then something interesting something in your environment changes and in that moment when you observe that change you focus that moment of focus we call orienting like not as. I'm.

I have this this 300 180 degree field of vision all of a sudden something pops up over here and. I go and. I. Orient that moment of orientation is focus and attention does that make sense it's the attention in a relationship that determines the direction it goes it's what you pay attention to in the interaction that determines the meanings you make about that interaction and that communication are we clear on that.

So far right. When people behave badly like if. I get a troll in the chat rooms right. If.

I get a you know someone's you know causing a disturbance what are they trying to do are they really trying to with my my webinar are they with your experience well that's a byproduct of what they're doing. But what does it really get them it gets them attention and as people are saying people are starting to connect the dots already where attention goes energy flows now this particular webinar is what. I call a nervous system only level of training and what does that mean if you've been bebopping around my. YouTube channel for any length of time you've seen me talk about.

Law of. Attraction and you've seen me talk about manifesting and energy healing and spirituality and magic and mysticism and all this woo-woo stuff and yeah. I believe in that. I.

I actually. I don't believe in it. I know it. I've experienced it.

So. I'm operating from a place of gnosis. But let's assume from. Pure that we don't have there's nothing higher in our world than our autonomic nervous system in other words if our nervous system isn't controlling it it doesn't exist that's where this level of training comes in because we're going to learn about tapping into the power of your autonomic nervous system to get people to see things your way to want to do the things you want them to do for their own reasons and like you for it.

But what we're also going to do is we're going to show you how the dark. Sith of the world hack that system to get you to do things you don't want to do to get you to do things that are not in your best interest. So. Christy's asking can we seduce someone with this yes.

You can should we seduce someone with this that's really that's really a um closed sales 100 percent can you change your husband's mood like a switch here's the deal guys what you're going to learn tonight is a universal persuasion and influence system it's a formula that if you follow them and it's based on how your nervous system works if you follow the formula you will be able to exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason is that a good place to start from tonight's webinar alone would that be cool all right. So the. First thing. I want to give you before we get before.

I give you my pedigree and all that good stuff is the currency of all relationships is attention now let me ask you a question when people pay attention or when they're when they're looking for attention what is that doing for them what is that doing for them any ideas fill a void what kind of what's that what is that void makes them feel good ego all right. The word we're talking about now is validation a lot of you guys when we were talking about the things that the currency relationships you said love you said emotion you said feeling you said connection the word that encompasses all of those things is we call it validation what if there was a simple easy to use language strategy that the moment you started using it people literally could not pay attention to anything else. But you what could you do with a superpower like that type it in chat anything ooh. Commander room and let's okay.

Okay. What if just using this one simple language tactic or strategy you could cause people to feel. So heard understood connected with approved of that in such a strong and powerful way that the thought of not being able to hang out with you longer actually causes them physical pain what would that be like what would you do with the power like that okay. That's the.

First gift. I'm going to give you tonight now if you've been be bopping around. Planet. David this is not new right.

One of my martial arts teachers used to say. Basics are basics for a reason here it is the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth let me repeat that the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth we call this the echo technique okay. Now the echo technique is a foundational fundamental piece of in a loving way hacking a person's neurology how many of you've ever been at a party right. That's not what a party is right.

How many have ever been in a party and if maybe there's a lot of people at the party and you're off on one side and all the way on the other side of the room somebody brings up your name in a conversation and from across the room your body goes and you. Orient on the person who just said your name you guys ever have that experience even though they're not talking to you they're not directed at you how does that happen well remember our friend the ooda loop observe. Orient decide act. The observed part of you has is is basically your awareness.

But you have different levels to your awareness you have a level of awareness that is that is below your threshold of what you're consciously paying attention to that is scanning your environment for anything anything relevant to you why because your autonomic nervous system the autonomic nervous system of every human being on the planet is inherently selfish it's scanning the world looking for things that are relevant to it either in terms of moving the genes forward survival or getting some other need or drive satisfied. So the moment anything comes up that your system thinks is important to you it's going to orient you okay. So because you spent. So much time saying your name using your name hearing your name it's ju it functions just like an echo it goes right.

Into the deepest levels of your nervous system it pings every level and the entire system wakes up and goes boom there's something over here you need to pay attention to when you give a person's very own words back to them they can't not pay attention to you. But what's happening is if you think of all the different levels of your nervous system like a bunch of locks or filters right. And whatever comes out of your mouth has to pass through all of those filters in order for it to come out well whatever comes out of your mouth is like a key if. I put the key back in the lock and turn it the entire nervous system opens up it becomes hyper suggestible hyper attentive and remember the more attention you generate the more connection arises the more power you exert over the person paying attention to you does that make sense type in a chat okay.

So. I'm going to give you a brief demonstration of how this works and. Then. I'm just gonna.

I'm gonna go right. Into the. Next phase of this. I want to go through three things before we go into part two tonight.

I want to go into. Echo technique. I want to talk about emotional bonding and. I want to talk about the three magic questions protocol briefly because these are the things that we're going to use as our foundation in part three for how to protect ourselves against the bad guys we're going to learn how to do it ethically honestly and as a way of creating profound intensely uh gratifying relationships in people where people will just simply want to do what you want them to do because they don't want to give you up all right.

We're going to teach you how to bond your emotions to whatever you want somebody to do. So that they do it for their own reasons. So let me ask you really quick um how many people here buy a show of hands in the chat would like to actually be super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you charming fascinating or irresistible if that's you type that in the chat okay. Let me ask you a question how many of you would like to be able to just completely banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence assertiveness and power and maybe be considered truly.

Alpha in your world would that be something you'd like use this technique if you'd like to make more money on your job book. More clients for your business get that raise or promotion you know you deserve anybody use this technique if you want to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people some of you are asking how do. I get my husband to pay attention to me how do. I get my kids to pay attention to me use this technique right.

If you want to have people thinking feeling and acting exactly the way you want them to think and act and feel use this technique it's the simplest it's the. But simplest technique on the planet when you hear how simple this is and how easy it is to play that can't possibly be as powerful as you're describing. But it is. So many many years ago.

I was a professional martial arts. I didn't go through my bio. I'll probably do that maybe. I'll do that.

Later or maybe. I'll just post it in the chat. But understand this. I have.

I am a doctor in fact. I have a doctorate a. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine.

I've had a private practice in. Solana. Beach. California where.

I specialized in treating physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotion. So we don't you know you know some people get nail biting or smoke cessation that's not what. I. I started my practice on.

Crown on chronic and intractable pain and progressed to dealing with terminal and chronic illness. So cancer. Parkinson's multiple sclerosis epilepsies um copds you name it we dealt with right. That was that was my stocking trade for many many years.

I'd offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence again you can go to globalgurus.org and stuff like that and and you can look. At all those things and. But. I've also been a martial artist for most of my adult life.

I have a 10th degree black belt in. Okinawan karate and a slew of instructor certifications in both martial arts and energy healing credentials in fact. I'm actually working on another doctorate in. Chinese medical.

Qigong. So. I'm going to be a. Qigong doctor as well and the reason.

I did that was. So. I could get a deeper understanding of all forms of energetics. So.

I can hack it and find out faster easier better ways to do it. So if that's something you're interested in stay tuned we've got other events coming up. But. I want you to understand that and on top of all that the information you're getting tonight by the way comes from my killer influence defense against the dark.

Arch course which has been ranked the number one. NLP training course in the world for four consecutive years it started with killer influence one and. Then we added defense against the dark arts both of those are based on the same curriculum. But they've been the number one course in the world and.

I'll show you the slides if you want to see that that's all. I should have done that at the beginning of the webinar. But right. Now.

I'm going to give you a little demo this is what the echo technique looks like in application this is how. I would book. People for my classes. I say ring ring good afternoon.

Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you oh oh hi.

David my name is. Bernice um. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 10 year old son. Josh oh hey.

Bernice how you doing. So you're you're looking for karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh yeah yeah yeah don't laugh that's what they do yeah can you can you help me well. Bernice tell me a little bit more about.

Josh and what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son. Josh well. David um it's kind of a long story. But um you know.

Josh is a great kid he's super smart um in fact he's. So smart his uh his teachers actually moved him up a grade and he's a little small for his age already and now he's going into a great ahead and he's gonna be around all these bigger older kids and. I'm a little. I'm a little concerned because you know he's going to be surrounded by all these guys.

I'm afraid he might be bullied. I'm afraid uh he might lose focus or be intimidated and. I heard that that martial arts was a really good way for for kids to be able to protect himself and be strong and confident and and focused um in life is that true. Bernice is this.

So. I understand you better. So. Josh is really smart and he's a really great kid he's.

So smart in fact that uh his teachers have actually moved him up a grade and. So he's already small for his age. But you've heard that you know he's going to be around bigger uh kids and you're afraid that they might bully him or pick on him uh and maybe uh he'd be a little less confident maybe not feel quite as much focused is that is that right. Yeah yeah.

I'm afraid you know. I heard martial arts could really help people with. Focus. But also to protect themselves can you do that well absolutely martial arts is a great way for people to develop focus and to protect themselves in fact one of the things that martial arts has been known for for centuries is the ability for smart people of small stature people who are small like.

Josh to protect themselves from bigger larger people and to have the confidence and the focus necessary to really become to thrive in any environment become successful in life now um best way for us to help. Josh get started on that and and you know learn how to deal with those bullies and to be more focused and self-confident is to bring him in and let him try out a class now we have two ways that you can do that we have a three lesson intro pack it comes with two private lessons one group class and a free uniform or if you prefer we can uh give him a a two free trial classes and also comes with a free uniform. But they're just group classes uh and we can get you guys in either um today about 5 45. PM or if you prefer we have a time slot available tomorrow at 6.

PM which which would be easier for you um well you know. David. I think. I think.

I'd like to try the the two private classes. I think. Josh would really would really benefit from some personal attention and uh can we do can we do the the the two privates starting on uh tomorrow at six rather than today because. Then.

I can make sure he's got his homework done and um he's uh you know he's had dinner and stuff like that can we do that let me take a look. Sure thing. I can pencil. Josh in for the the two private lesson one group class uh program and uh.

I just need your name and phone number and uh some con your email and we'll go ahead and send you out that that confirmation and we'll see you and. Josh tomorrow at 6 pm thank you. So much. David.

I'm really excited. I know this is going to help. Josh and you know what. Bernice it's going to help.

Josh in ways you haven't even thought of yet. But it's going to start with the things you want most you have a great day we'll talk to you soon take care boom guess how many people showed up for that console usually about nine out of nine out of ten or ten out of 10. okay. What did you learn from that experience what did you what did you uh proceed from you repeated right. How much of what came out of my mouth was different if at all from what came out of.

Bernice's mouth is it really that simple yes. That's where you start the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. When you use their words it literally just like hearing that your name across that crowded room the nervous system says oh wait. I that's me that's that's me out there your nervous system is moving through the world looking for itself that's the secret right.

Um when. Google looks at your websites you know what it's looking for. Google you ever notice that. Google.

Properties or or. Google um. Google attributes like. YouTube and um like when they had the blog posts and things like that if it was a.

Google property it always got ranked better on your website than other stuff why because. Google's created by humans. So it does what it has the bias that humans do can you use this on existing contentious relationship yes. Yeah.

I'll tell you another story really quick. Once. Upon a. Time now this story was told to me by one of my mentors who.

I think is still arguably one of the greatest conversational hypnotists who ever lived his name is. Kendra. Cleveland back in when he was really exploring some of this stuff worked in a in a fitness center and you know back in they probably still do it now. I haven't been in a fitness center forever.

But you have you know you get you you join a fitness center and you have to you have to get you get a membership card before you go use the facilities you had to swipe your card. So one day by the way disclaimer. I'm about to swear because that was part of the story. So again if if the the.

G word offends you um. I. So. I apologize.

But. So. So kenrick's work in the the front desk and this and this is back in the when everybody was roiding out this huge professional bodybuilder he was a bit of a celebrity come storming out of the men's room and. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna move this really quick and he he looks at. Kenrick from across the desk he goes. God damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room and.

Kendrick's like kenrick's not a small guy. But this guy was like a a. Lou. Ferrigno.

Or a. Schwarzenegger to uh you know maybe a. Jason. Statham or something like that right.

So he's like and all of a sudden his training kicked in and he looked at the guy and he said. God damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room you are a good customer you are celebrity people like and love and respect you you deserve to have toilet paper in the men's room. So you can do your business without any problems this is outrageous and the guy looks at him and goes hey hey wait a minute man calm down it's not that big a deal that quick.

But why because people are moving through the world regardless of their emotional state they're moving through the world looking for themselves they're looking for an ally now this is actually taught to a certain degree in. NLP. But it's largely misunderstood it goes back to this thing called. Pacey and leading if you want to change somebody's state state there's two ways to do it you either match it or you interrupt it actually know.

Heather most of the time if you're doing this congruently they will not pick it up what you will feel is what we call the spotlight effect. So let me put a pin in that and. I'll. Circle back to it most people misunderstand this when it's all taught in.

NLP because they think okay. If somebody comes at me and they're angry. I get angry too. But they confuse it by saying oh.

I get angry at the person if we're both angry. But we're doing this now we're fighting right. But if a person is angry anger is going in this direction and. I align with them and.

I get angry in that same direction at the thing they're angry at now we're the same if. I go a little bit if. I get a. Little.

Bit. Stronger all of a sudden they they where. I was feeling like this guy's freaking out now that now it flips now this guy's freaking out it's making way bigger deal at this than. I am and that calms them down and it entrains them back because of the sameness now human beings.

Orient on differences in their environment one of the ways you can hack difference and sameness at the same time is to become. So like a person's internal environment that it takes them no. They never experienced that level of identification before remember. I said the word identification because when we start talking about what we call the.

Predator protocol and part three you're going to hear that word again right. We're using it on the side of the. Angels right. Now.

But there are. P there are ways to hack this okay. Are you guys with me because. I know.

I'm telling a few more stories than normal. But was was that. Tom says 100 percent yeah if your husband is sad or depressed you match the words he uses in the direction of what he's using okay. Now again you are you do not have to believe this.

But just for fun veterans who have used the echo technique report tell the people who are brand new what happened when you use the echo technique now remember these are people that. I don't pay right. There's a reason they keep coming back to. Planet.

David. Jerry says hey right. YouTubers it really works. God damn it more powerful most powerful report of my life it always works nobody ever notices what.

I'm doing it's scary the things you can accomplish with the echo technique it absolutely works right. Let me read some of my. YouTubers really quick okay. Um people become a lot more present and receptive uh.

Lottie says. I've had hundreds of predictors. I always 50 50. I get okay.

That's a different that's a different question all right. So this is the. First thing we need to understand when in doubt write this down red in doubt. Echo it out.

So this is your. First technique the echo technique the most powerful words any human being can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth now here's how we troubleshoot this if you view this as just a technique to do something with somebody it'll still work and it'll work well. But if you understand the truth behind the echo technique that it is in fact the most powerful ethical and honest way for one human being to communicate with another in fact your neurology is designed and specifically evolved to be hyper responsive to this kind of talk this kind of languaging. I want you to adopt this as your standard operating procedure the way you're just.

Norm make a decision right. Now to go through the world using people's own very own words as often as consistently as you can because not because. David says. So.

But because in your heart of hearts you recognize that it is the most ethical honest and desirable way for an in gratifying way for one human being to communicate with another human being think about if you could if you met someone who it was like they almost spoke your language it's like they knew every thought and feeling an idea that when they talk to you just felt like oh this person really gets me this person understands me this person is not judging me in a negative way and you feel heard understood validated and appreciated if you met somebody like that and. Then it just and. Then those feelings just got stronger and deeper let me ask you a question what would you not do for a person like that what would you not do to spend more time with people like this think about it for a moment put yourself in that position you're the one who's receiving everything you've ever wanted from a communication with another human being what's that like and what would you do to keep it marry them. Tom says well that's happened shirt off my back one of the things that you know you're going to hear me talk about our program's killer influence and defense against the dark arts and stuff like that and it's it's kind of it's kind of a paradox because the title of the program is killer influence.

But our motto our methodology is to move through the world making everyone we meet feel ridiculously good for having encountered us and ask and helping them get everything they want by doing what we want. So. Alex uh faith says shirt off my back faith says you can use their words to speak up with which is echoing and it will help you yes. Now if you move through the world understanding that this is going to allow you to understand people better and signal to them that you get them if that's how you move through the world from in truth again teaching you the way to absolutely never get caught with this and even if you get caught it doesn't matter if you come from that place and somebody does catch you they say why are you repeating all the words.

I'm saying all you got to do is look. At them and from the bottom of your heart say. I just want to communicate to you that. I understand and.

I hear you better is that okay. Now if they say no. You've got other problems right. That's probably not the relationship for you right.

But if you're truly coming from that place of deep level empathic desire to make the person feel heard and understood this will do it it's impossible to be caught and even when you get caught it won't matter okay. Now what if they say antithetical to their values they won't do it people can't people can't violate their own values without experiencing emotional pain right. And we'll talk about that part um in part three of the webinar when we're talking about predation and why that's important okay. But human beings can't go against their very own values without experiencing deep level emotional pain conversely they can't have their values and their desires stimulated and massage without intensifying or having feelings of pleasure and desire grow stronger would you like to explore that yes.

Or yes. Okay. For this drill now. I actually do need to go to my my.

PowerPoint. But one of the things that. I talked about at the beginning of the webinar was this idea that human beings are moving through the world write this down write this down everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of you guys with me on this let me repeat it one more time everything human beings do is in response to a.

Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want less of are we good one more time with feeling everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of. Jeff is asking about what about logic makes no. Difference whatsoever until that logic generates a body feeling now neuroscientists have actually proven this because in cases of traumatic brain injury where the.

Corpus callosium the part of your brain that separates the the right. Hemisphere from the left hemisphere is severed and people are left brain are right. Brain dominant or left brain dominant sorry which is. The.

Logical analytical side when that. Corpus collosion is severed from the emotional side of the brain people lose their ability to make a decision okay. People are not logical creatures at best they're rational. But even rationality is limited it's generated and it changes as your emotional states change okay.

If you want to if you want to go into the the. Neuroscience behind that look. Up particular activating systems. Paul heckman's emotional refractory period everything human beings are doing whether they're conscious of it or not is about feelings it's towards towards feelings they want away from feelings they don't want all you've got to do is give them the information that generates the body feelings that you want them to have.

So they'll move in the direction you want them to move does that make sense okay. When do people when when you sever the. Corpus colosium the part of you the part the the the the little bridge between the right. Hemisphere of your brain and the left hemisphere of your brain and the left brain can no.

Longer access the emotional side people have lost their ability to make decisions they're they're left they're they're they're their analytical side their logical side is working just fine. But they can't they can't make it they can't flip the switch they can't move into action okay. You can believe it or not all right. Even spot most of his from feelings right.

Okay. So here's what we're gonna do at the beginning of this webinar. I asked you guys to type into the chat if there was one thing that you took. Away from this well actually when you when you when you saw me talking about this webinar and promoting it through emails or whatever and you realize there was something here for you right.

There was something you wanted something you wanted to get from this webinar that would move your life forward true not true not true okay. Here's what. I want you to do. I want you to get out a piece of paper and a pencil and on the top of that piece of paper.

I want you to write out exactly what that thing is that you want to get from tonight's webinar that's going to move your life forward as a byproduct of tonight's webinar training what are you going to get out of it that's going to move your life forward repeat that a couple more times it's a byproduct of this webinar training what are you going to get out of it that's going to move your life forward one more time with feeling as a byproduct of this training what are you going to get what's that one maybe two things that you're going to get from this webinar that's going to move your life forward. I want you to physically you can type it in the chat if you want. But. I actually want you to physically write it out on your page because we're going to do this exercise together and.

I do this with every. I do this on every webinar. So if you want to see how what this looks like in application go back and watch all my earlier webinars you'll see me doing this why why am. I doing this because.

I'm doing the very thing that. I want you to learn how to do find out what the person in front of you that you're seeking to influence actually wants and why does it matter to them and find a way to connect them to getting it this is called this has two names when we're doing this exercise together like this when you're doing it with yourself it's called the emotional motivation checklist emotional motivation checklist when you're doing this with a client or a significant other or a potential partner or during a negotiation or a mediation or some kind of interaction we call this the emotional bonding checklist okay. So it's the same process the only difference the only distinction we make is am. I using this on myself for myself or am.

I using it with another person to bond what. I truly want or what they truly want to what they're offering or what's being offered to me does that make sense are you guys with me. So far okay. Good.

So um let me see if. I can split my screen. I don't know if. I can you know what.

I'll just. I'll just share my screen and we'll just talk through it okay. Um actually. I gotta.

I gotta find the emotional bonding checklist right. Now. So this is your. Echo technique.

I just showed you guys this right. And we can you can and if you guys want. I'll actually make a. PDF of this and and for those of you who grabbed tonight's package or whatever.

I'll show you how to get a copy of it what we're going to talk about is the emotional motivation emotional bonding drill right. Now this is what we're doing. Next. So once again the question.

I want you to ask what's the one possibly two things that. I want to get that. I want to get as a byproduct of doing this drill. So what is it you want that's everything starts with what you want okay.

And. Then write write out your answer okay. I don't you know uh some people want to control their emotions that's fine directly below that let me make this a little bit bigger can everybody see this okay. What's it you know um go right.

To this one what's important to you about that. So let's say that. I what. I want to get from this webinar is.

I want to control my emotions right. Okay. So let's say. I've as a byproduct this webinar.

I've learned how to control my emotions what's important about that well to me that means no. One can push my buttons ever again and if and. So. Then the.

Next part of this are you guys with me. Then. So far if you've done this far as. I've shown type done in the chat.

So. Jesse's saying my heart to be healed okay. Good now directly below that answer. So here.

I've put pay attention uh no. Sorry um. So no. One pushes my buttons ever again all right.

So the. Next question is what's important about you getting that what's that going to do for you well if no. One can push my buttons ever again no. One no.

One can make me feel bad and. I'll never be afraid again perfect and ultimately ultimately if if you got the ability to control my emotions right. So no. One could push my buttons ever again and.

I would never forget no. One could make me feel bad or ever and. I'll never be and you were never afraid again ultimately if you had that what would it do for you. I would feel safe or.

I'd be safe you see the process guys and gals let me make this a little smaller you might need to take a screenshot of this okay. So that's the process notice now if you're doing this properly what's going to happen is as you drill down on each each. Next level you're going to start to feel more emotional when you've done all three levels and you've got answers to all those questions type down in the chat you're close. Christy you're very close.

Tom says done foreign remember the answers you come up with a couple of things pay attention to the very. First thing that pops into your head write down the exact words as they pop into your head exactly right. Don't edit it right. If something pops up.

First and also says no. That's not right. Go back to the original thing write it down you can go back. Later.

But write down the exact words that came up into your head okay. Now once you've done that and it looks like a bunch of you have. I want you to take your paper. I want you to take your paper.

I want you to hold it up. I like to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle right. And. I want you to read only the answers to your to the to the what's important about question.

I want you to read only the answers from question a to level question. C. I want you to repeat those out loud. First of all scan your body stand up repeat these out loud in the context of being on this webinar with me five times read them out loud five times and when you're done type done what if you're a messy writer well hopefully you know what you wrote you're not gonna.

I'm not gonna grade them. But stand up and again. I want to control my emotional state. I want to control my emotional state.

I want to control my emotions. So no. One can make me feel bad ever again. So no.

One could ever push my buttons ever again. So no. One can make me feel afraid and. I'll never be no.

One could ever make me feel bad and. I'll be safe. I want you to just belt it out to the universe five times if you want to do more go ahead. But speak those words with as much conviction and desire as you can generate and notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you do that when you're done check in with your body type your experience in the chat com says it feels freeing yeah ripple effect power pose there you go feels good right.

As anachi says feel stronger how's your desire for it now you guys ready to get it load off my shoulders says much more. Aurora says all right. Let me ask you a question scale of zero to ten how powerful was this for you remember where you started remember where you started check in with where you're at now on our scale of zero to ten. Ken says ten this guy it's okay.

To have doubts you're not you haven't gotten it yet you're gonna get it. Ellie says eight seven eight what was it ten. I was in a blah mood before true feeling this created a 10. seven excellent where did you start did your energy go okay. Darlene had a uh what we call it she provoked in that reaction.

So. Ken says he started at a three okay. So it went up right. Let me ask you a question let me ask you a question why do you want this.

So much why do you want this. So much look. At the number that you when you did this process look. At the number you ended up with why do you want that.

So much why didn't you rate it less. Sally says. I'm sitting and standing straighter yes. You are all right.

Jesse says it felt heavy on my shoulders and stomach funny like fear at. First and. Then started to feel safe and in control self-control be respected. I want it because.

I'm worthy and deserve it boom all right. Now let me ask you a question what is it now how strong is it now what did you notice just happened did it go up um how the hell did that work well stay to the end of the webinar you'll learn it all you mean you can actually cost somebody who thinks they've topped out to actually want something even more yeah was. I waving a watch at you say no. You guys want to take it up you guys ready to go from interesting information to.

Unstoppable communication and persuasion skills you ready for more all right. With your permission. Then. I'd like to share with you um something.

I put together that. I think will change your life for the better this is called the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion. Mastery home study course and this is a special edition and you'll you'll see why in just a moment this is different from other webinars with this course the secrets of human influence course is all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level it's all about how to make more money and close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident more connected to have more people paying attention to you and following your lead and doing what you want them to do in short it's about winning the game of life it's about becoming more charming and charismatic and irresistible. But even more importantly perhaps even more importantly it's about taking your own mind and body off the menu it's about being able to to spot persuasion. Predators social manipulators and other forms of criminal types in their tracks remove them from your life or keep them from getting a foothold in your life and wreaking havoc on you and making your life miserable it's all about empowering you not just to get everything you want. But to keep the other side of that coin from taking the things that are important to you.

So my goal in this course is to show you and give you everything you need to be moving through this world practically bulletproof in terms of persuasion and manipulation okay. So let's jump in here's what. I put together for you now this offers good until uh tonight at 11 59. PM.

August 31st 2023 and what it's going to start with is a it's called the sequence of human influence. Ultra persuasion home study course this is the core killer influence curriculum it's a 17 video crash course that covers the seven stages of the universal persuasion protocol it's going to allow you to understand how how and why masters of influence actually think and respond influencers and persuaders have a different mindset they have a different set of strategies that they employ when they move through the world. I want to teach you what that is what that's like. So you can start adopting these methodologies and thinking patterns.

So that you can get more yeses in your life here knows a lot less and circumvent the. Predators and persuasion and liars and cheaters of the world. So you can move through the world getting everything you want exactly the way you want it that's module one it's 297 value what if you could actually learn to control your psychomotional state. So no.

One else could push your buttons ever again what if you could literally decide at any given moment what emotional state you wanted to go into like flip in a switch or dialing a combination on your. GPS change your posture change your breathing and boom you're in it and you can do that and such anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason and what if you were. So good at it what if you were. So good at it that nothing could knock you off your game and even if it caught you by surprise instantly you could mentally and emotionally recover and bring your best version of yourself to the interaction and come out on top that's volume that's module number two that is a 297 value better yet what if you could take that ability to control your own.

State and use it to emotionally. Bridge into another human being's neurology like literally like um um like a. Bluetooth synchronizing you could generate an emotional state get tremendous tremendous kinesthetic rapport with somebody and have them feeling the feelings you're generating. So that they automatically change the behaviors and the perceptions of the world to do what you want them to do for their own reasons what if you had the ability to do that anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason what could you do with the ability to gain such a deep level of.

Rapport connection and validation and. Community communication with somebody that their thoughts and your thoughts literally become the same thing what could you do with it with uh with a power like that that's module number three right. What if you have the ability let's talk about the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet now. I'm not going to tell you why these are the most powerful.

But. I will tell you the most important thing. I will tell you what they allow you to do. So let me ask you a question what if you have the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener let me repeat that what could you do if you had the magical ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of.

The. Listener and they would process that and act on it as if it was 100 percent a true belief in their world we call this the language of certainty what could you do with a superpower like that type that in the chat if you don't mind right. But that's one pattern there's six more. I'm only gonna talk about four of them what if you had the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those two things had absolutely nothing in common right.

Even if those two things have absolutely nothing in common that's the. Second language pattern. I'm going to teach you okay. Those two language patterns together install beliefs what if you could literally install any belief you wanted into any person you wanted would that be useful that's two patterns what if you had the ability to cause somebody to pay attention only to the things you talked about and ignore everything else on top of that what if you have the ability to cause their self their own subconscious mind to start running the programs you told it to run and think about the things you told it to think about without the conscious mind being able to get in the way would that be useful here's the cherry on the.

Sunday what if that process happened even when the person knew you were what you were doing and was actively trying to resist it what could you do with a superpower like that. I'm curious think about it for a moment now. I want to tell you something right. Up front.

I am actually under talking about what these things can do. But that's just three language patterns three language patterns and you can do all that and that's not even counting the echo technique the emotional bonding checklist none of it that's just three patterns. I'll give you one more and. Then we'll move on what if you have the ability to force a person's mental movies the movies they make inside their head to be exactly what you describe with zero percent chance of failure or being wrong what could you do with a superpower like that what if you had them hanging on your every word to the point where they just wanted to listen to you talk that's another byproduct of this training and of this this particular language pattern what could you do with four superpowers the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want make anything you want mean anything you want to direct and focus persons attention and cause the unconscious mind to do what you tell it and force a person's mental movies to be exactly what you want without fail would that be as close to being a superpower or superhero assumingly possible now stop for a moment and think about somebody who is not as good as you somebody who's not as nice as you somebody who's not as.

Noble as you using these things against you how would you defend yourself against something like that the answer is you can't unless you know how to use these patterns that's a little bit of a downer. I know. But. I'm just.

I'm just putting that out there the only way to learn to understand how to defeat these patterns is to be able to perceive these patterns and. Then consciously volitionally control your state and choose to do something else if you don't these patterns will get you it's just a matter of time okay. Again. I'm not trying to scare you.

But remember this class. I said it was going to be a little bit different why because it's about empowering yourself. But also protecting yourself against the people who are using this same set of skills and they're out there guys most of them work for three letter agencies or other private agencies. But they're out there they're highly trained well-funded and they have a vested interest in doing this stuff to you the only way that you can protect yourself is to be able to use these things yourself right.

Get the course for no. Other reason than to learn how to use them. So you can stop other people from using it you want to know how pervasive these language patterns are go read your shampoo bottle they're everywhere okay. So what if you have the ability to manage the emotional states of others.

So that people would just want to do what you want them to do and emotionally. Bond people to whatever they want. So that they automatically do what you want and get because they want to get what they want that's level three or. I'm sorry level six for this what if you could jump into another person's processing strategy the way they do internal behaviors and use that to install things or to stop people from installing things in you that's how to hijack someone's internal.

Behavior code to 297 values and. Finally we talked about emotional bonding what if you had the ability to. So fully and completely. Bond a person to your pro you your product or service that they thought of actually not being with you and doing what you want them to do actually causes them pain that's what you'll learn how to do right.

So that's the. First part of the secrets of human influence package is going to come with a killer killer influence mind control. Manifesto this is a 209 page manual that covers things like proxemic influence social hypnotic operators these are hypnotic hot buttons that. Society has programmed into you that when they push a button you automatically take the uh the prescribed.

Behavior you guys have still seen this when if you've ever heard the uh the expression limited time only or space is limited that's one of the socially programmed hypnotic triggers that every culture has programmed into you. I'm going to teach you how to spot it how to look. For it and what to do about it. So you can actually use it to make your life better.

But also avoid falling victim to these well-laid hypnotically installed triggers okay. We'll teach you about meta programs which are context-free filters or filters that human beings have that only activate and control how they think in certain contexts there's other filters that are operating no. Matter where they are. I'm going to teach you the difference.

So you can tap into those filters and use it to communicate even more powerfully and effectively with anyone you meet we're going to teach you lie detection skills how to catch. Liars how to speed read people and understand their psychological hot buttons that'll cause people to want to do the things you want them to do and be able to predict their behavior we'll talk about dirty rotten tricks drts as we like to call them these are. Greyhound area techniques that some people um might try to put on you. But that once you understand how they work you can spot them and neutralize them yeah it's a 418 value it comes with an online community we'll talk about that towards the end of the offer that's the.

First part of the package that we put together for you to take your skills to the. Next level right. If any of that sounded even remotely interesting you're going to love what comes. Next total value on this package is 2 497 dollars.

But wait as as. Ron. Popeil would say. But wait there's more grab your course today and you're going to get these special exclusive bonuses.

I love this you're going to love this too. First one the defense against the dark arts counter manipulation hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets home study course this is the course that has been voted the number one. NLP program in the world for the.

Last three years okay. Before that was killer influence version one which is the. First course. I just talked about in this course you will discover powerful ways to profile people and read their body language their verbal tells.

So the the narcissists the dark. Triads the machiavellians the con artists the social um the um the grifters the [Music] um uh what's what. I'm looking for dark. Triads machiavellian's um human traffickers all these people have tells they have ways of of that they use conversationally to suck you in they have tactics and strategies that they employ to make you think they are something other than what they are.

I'm going to show you how to find them flag them and remove them from your life how to extract yourself from those relationships how to keep yourself from being pulled back in how to know when you're being gaslate how to know when you're being um seduced is a great way to say it by these uh more nefarious people this is about 40 percent of the uh the original killer influence course everything else is all about how to how to detect lies um the the 21 conversational defensive strategies that social uh. Predators use to avoid taking um responsibility for their actions how they turn the tables on people how they reframe things this is again. I gotta be honest with you um we have a lot of fun in killer influence this course is a lot of fun too. But it's also because of this content matter it's a little bit heavier.

So. I just want to don't get this course if you're um afraid of being influenced or or being told the truth right. If you want to know the truth and you want to see what's out there and and how you can make yourself manipulation proof. Then this is the course that makes it all worthwhile uh actually we sell this for a lot more than 1997.

But we're going to give this to you absolutely free why because. I want to because. I think you just you came on this class to learn how to influence and persuade people very very powerfully. But you also came here to learn how to protect yourself and there's a lot of people out there that are using these things on you all the time and.

I want you to be ready. I want you to be empowered. I want you to be bulletproof in as many ways as humanly possible and this course will help you to do that now again. I'm good at what.

I do. I'm a great trainer. But. I can't multiply zeros if you're not going to actually practice the things in the course save your freaking money.

But if you're committed to empowering yourself and moving your life forward and removing these parasites from your life this is the course you absolutely need. So 1997 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value of the two programs. I've taught. So far is 4487 bucks.

But. I'm going to add some more stuff to the pot because once you start uncovering what these people are doing you're going to need a way to turn the tables now we talk a lot about how to turn the tables in this class. But there are certain skill sets that. I felt as.

I was reviewing this program certain skill sets you need what we call deliberate practice on a drilling down if you will to really employ these things even more powerfully in this course is called. Renegade refraining. Renegade reframing think about this for a moment what if you have the amazing ability to overcome any objection in any situation or circumstance in seconds what if you had 14 different ways that you could literally change a limiting belief win any argument or overcome any sales or romantic or dating objection you encounter that's what. Renegade reframing is about that's what it will allow you to do this course is based on a set of language patterns and techniques known as sleight of mouth in neuro-linguistic programming back in the day when the founder of neuro-linguistic programming.

Richard bandler was training his master practitioners he would get up on stage and he would challenge people to use the techniques they've just learned against him and every single time they would try to do a meta model or a milk model pattern or a reframe he would reframe the reframe he would change the context or the meaning in such a way that would literally cause a confusion a pattern interrupt in their head they would go into a moment of confusion and he could install a different way of thinking and he would literally use this over and over and over again in any different combination to just completely neutralize all of his master practitioner students now this was something that was taught to. NLP remember these are. NLP. Master practitioner people in literal combat and losing to these patterns right.

Now we've taken what most people think of as a very very complicated hard to use skill set and turned it into a fun persuasion game it's we literally have a card game that goes along with this manual that you we call it the reframe game we're gonna we're thinking about turning it into a drinking game where you literally can train yourself to overcome any objection any limiting belief any uh slight or or um gaslighting attack on you and just turn the tables on people it's a fun fun and exciting skill set to have and think about this if you if you do sales copy or sales writing what if you had 14 ways to overcome any objection a client or a customer might give you that's what this will do it's a lot of fun. I really enjoyed the course uh creating it and it's been one of our more popular courses. So far now the best part about this is if you write down all of your limiting beliefs and. Then you just start using these patterns on your own limiting beliefs you can't go back to believing those those things anymore it changes the way your brain works and it causes you to to believe differently.

So using this on yourself is actually one of the most powerful ways to to bulletproof yourself now why am. I saying that because social predators are extremely good profilers they're extremely good at finding the limiting beliefs the insecurities the um the leveraging points in your psyche and either massaging them and making you feel better or using them to make you feel worse when you apply the. Renegade reframing patterns on your perceived weak spots they go away it becomes progressively harder and harder and harder for manipulators to penetrate your armor okay. So this to me when.

I was creating this course for you guys this to me was a really really important bonus to add in because it allows you to systematically plug the holes okay. So 1997 value we're going to give this to you free total combined value is 6484 dollars if you register before the end of the webinar on top of that one of the things that happens very often is if we want to get on we want to learn how to persuade and influence people is in groups and that's what. Charisma and conversion is all about one of the things that that we have to do is we have to learn how to be able to stand up in front of a group of people and speak. Our.

Truth to be able to present in such a way that people bond to what we're offering and see how it can help them and convert them into clients or convert them into friends or. Associates or fans. So this is a course that. I created for my students to teach them how to influence people from the stage how to influence people in group settings and mass influence okay.

We call this hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers in this course you'll learn two distinct types of public speaking one is a heart-centered approach which is very very popular nowadays another one is a more pain-centric approach which is what a lot of predators are going to do they're going to kind of play back and forth between what your heart wants and what your heart fears and to determine where the leveraging points are you're going to learn these two different types of persuasion uh architectures or or strategies. So that you can recognize when they're being used on. You by people from the stage like the idea here is that if you don't if these things are not inside of you you can't perceive them. So yes.

I'm going to teach you how to do these things. But also in this course what you're going to see me do is you're going to see me literally take a transcript from some of the most famous presenters in the world who are actually using these skills on you and we're going to deconstruct their talk we're going to actually show you the language patterns that. I've talked about we're going to show you the confusion inductions we're going to show you the emotional bonding and motivation that they're doing how it all works and how all these presuppositions and all the things that they're building into their talks are being leveraged against well. I shouldn't say against a lot of people using these skills are very good people who have very positive intentions there's a bunch of people in that in that particular industry they're selling snake oil and they're happy to use these techniques on you and uh little funny story.

I have a. I had a former video guy that worked with me for a very long time and one of the people who's whose talks. ID construct is uh d harvecker a very famous uh uh person in the personal transformation and make money movement and. I start deconstructing some of his talk and every time.

I would start to deconstruct the talk uh my my colleague would start to break out in a sweat and get really really pissed off. I come to find out. Later that he was actually at one of these talks where this exact script was being used and he rushed to the back of the room and spent five thousand dollars on a trainer's course that he never wound up able to use and. So every time.

I would start to do this he would have a flashback and real and he would he would raise his hand and say. Yep this worked. I nailed me right. So again remember that part of this is again if you're an ethical and honest person this will build you a life that you a life.

Direction and an income that you deserve to have if you've been the pre the the victim of this it will teach you what to look. For. So that you're never a victim ever again. I'll give you one more story about this one of my.

I. I train my my higher my inner circle people really really well. So one of my students went to uh a training by a very well-known figure in the. Law of.

Attraction movement and he went there to see if he could learn something about. Law of. Attraction and manifesting and spirituality. But he was very very trained in the concepts in this course because he wanted to be able to do that and he basically spent the entire three days deconstructing what this gentleman was doing now my this pretty guy has a very distinctive look.

And. So as he was leaving to go uh back home he ran into two of this guy's trainers at the airport and they asked him because they recognized him from the training what he thought of the training and he says when. I. I learned a few things.

But. I really wasn't fascinated by all the influence and persuasion techniques that he was using now remember the person he's talking to are these two are people are actually. Trainers for this gentleman and he starts literally deconstructing everything this guy was doing and the two trainers assistants looked at looked and says he he never showed us any of that he never talked about any of that stuff and my guy just kind of shook. His head and smiled a little bit and that's okay.

You'll probably learn it and got on his plane right. Once again everything has two sides you pick where you want to start right. You pick where you want to start. So 1997 value this is yours absolutely free okay.

We're just gonna give it to you okay. So let's review what we've got right. Uh you go sequence of human influence defense against the dark arts home study course is a 17 video course covering the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol this is a.

Formula that you apply anytime anywhere under any circumstance it's literally just follow the numbers and you'll get your outcome kind of a. Thing 2 497 value it comes with the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual it's a 419 value. I think is what.

I said you're going to get the killer influence defense against the dark arts counter manipulation uh influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets home study course valued at 1997 you're going to get the. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds home study course valued at 1997 and you're going to get the. Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills uh for speakers and presenters valued at 1997 total combined value if you were to go to the website and buy these which some of them you actually can't buy their heart you can't find them on the website they're on available through this this particular webinar is eight thousand four hundred and eighty one dollars right.

But as. I told you before. I want to empower you. I want to make this as easy and simple for you as humanly possible.

So what. I'd like you to do is. I want to today you're not going to pay 8 481 okay. I'm not even going to charge you six thousand.

I'm not going to charge you five thousand. I'm not going to charge you 3 3 47 dollars although it's definitely worth it. I'm not even going to charge you the regular 24.97 or 23.47 for those of you who are ready to step up we're ready to stop being a victim and to get the life you want the way that you want it. I can't make this any easier you can get it all everything.

I just talked about for one low installment of just 997 or if you need a little help we'll break that up for you into three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www .killerinfluence.com forward slash go. HTTP colon backslash. WWE hold on a. Second www.killerinfluence dot com forward slash go all right.

Now for some of you uh who may have bought our secrets of human our our regular secrets of human influence program you may have some duplication here it's okay. If you if you have something that in this if you already own something that's in this package just let. Stephanie know and we will be happy to swap out any course of equal or lesser value. So you can get a customized package for uh for yourself okay.

We want you to have we want you to get as much value as humanly possible from this. So. I'm all about making sure that if there's to avoid duplication in your order. But you got to let.

Stephanie know okay. Um her phone number if you have questions is 858 282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 operators are standing by um if you call and you have questions um. But the line is busy and you leave a voicemail please be sure that you leave your contact information if you leave a voice message because you couldn't get through and we have your contact information we will call you back within 24 hours and you will qualify for all the bonuses if you do not leave your contact information if you do not leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses okay. You know people are always stampeding at the.

Last minute. So there will be you know the line will be busy. But and that's okay. Make sure you leave your contact information go to.

WWE do this right. Now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash goes my one of my mentors. David singer used to say click the link click the link click the link now before it's too late okay. Now for those of you who are clicking that link now you're gonna love this everything we're going to talk about everything.

I'm telling you about you have 60 days to test it if you come to the conclusion that. I'm full of if you if it's not putting you on the fast track to making more money and closing more deals reaching. Financial. Freedom if it's not if you're not automatically feeling more secure confident and.

Powerful if you're not winning more and more social encounters and becoming more and more irresistible. I'll refund every dime you invested in this course try it out for 60 days if you're not 100 satisfied. I'll refund your money and in many cases. I'll even let you keep the program why because.

I believe in it now don't be one of the the evil people of the world who who buys and refunds on day 59 just because they can't if this is getting value for you if it's generating the results in your life that you want keep using it think of it as getting a uh you know dollars for nickels and share the wealth not not once you go give money to people. But teach people how to do this teach your family how to get what they want teach your family how to not be manipulated teach the people who are closest to you who matter to you how to take themselves off the social. Predators menu right. If you have any questions for the.

Next 60 days all you got to do is pick up the phone we will guide you through the sticking points if we can't help you we'll tell you all right. If after 60 days it's not getting the results you want we'll give you the refund okay. You have absolutely nothing to risk and everything to gain this is the fast track to the life you wanted the way you always wanted it okay. But wait as.

Popeil would say there's more go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link if you click that link right. Now before. August 31st 2023 11 59 pm. I'm gonna give you more stuff what yes.

I'm gonna give you more stuff. I love this this is my favorite part if you click that link right. Now you're going to get the following fast action bonuses the. First thing you're going to get is the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group trial membership this is a.

Hands-On we just actually we're starting this. September we are back to live in person training on the. Third. Saturday of every month people come in from all over.

Southern. California they do they log in from. Zoom from all over the world and from 11 pm 11AM to 4. P.M we drill on the exact skills you want to learn that day.

So you can go out into the real world and apply them. So you're not going to get a certificate from this membership what you're going to get is. Hands-On training you're going to get real world feedback you're going to be able we're going to. I literally you literally come in and.

I say. Jeff what do you want to learn and. Lottie what do you want to learn and. Jesse what do you want to learn and.

John what do you learn. Seth what do you want to learn. David what do you want to learn and. I literally write it on the board and.

I step back and. I look. At what do all these things have in common what are the. Connecting.

Threads and. I create a lesson plan right. On the spot just for you and the group now for the. Next four to six hours we drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep this is the perfect complement to the home study course why because if there's something you're having trouble with there's a question you need answered you need people to practice with and be practiced on this is your chance to get that that experience right.

I understand full well that some people logistically simply can't come to. California or. Las. Vegas or wherever we're doing a live training this is what we give you instead this is how you can get the most important aspect of this the.

Hands-On training to go from interesting information to. Unstoppable persuasion okay. We're doing them live again we're zooming we're doing hybrids where people are zooming in and we're doing and we're going to be doing that at the country and in. Suites here in.

Southern. California. Third. Saturday every month now in case you didn't know the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group has been is the world's oldest longest running mentoring program in existence we've been running it non-stop every month for over 11 years we've been running since.

October 2010. So that's going on 13 years now isn't it right. 13 years we videotaped every single practice session we've had and we've archived those on our. YouTube channel we've archived those on our website on alpower website and we've archived them in our.

Facebook. Groups as a member of the. NLP. Power.

Practice. Group you will have unfettered unlimited access to the entire 13-year archive for as long as you're a member in good standing it's a 1597 value and it has anything you could imagine right. Everything from a dating and attraction counter manipulation lie detection face reading energy work trauma resolution. Law of.

Attraction training accelerated learning enhanced memory functions uh psychic development um copywriting and marketing training regression training instant and. Rapid inductions conversational hypnosis mind control trainings behavioral influence and profiling trainings it's all in there right. Because that's those were the things you guys wanted to know about and that's what we taught and for as long as you're a member you get access to all of it 1 597 right. It's yours free if after 90 days you're loving what you're learning you're loving the.

Hands-On you're loving the the video archive that's never seen the light of day 99.99 of this content has never been released on our. YouTube channel it's never been released as a product the only place you can get access to it is through the. Mastermind mentoring. Practice.

Group membership okay. Um again we're going to give it to you free if after 90 days you're loving it pick up the phone let me know we'll show you how to extend your membership if it after 90 days you've got what you needed you're ready to go out your world you're you're all happy well you got 90 days of hanging out with some of the coolest people on the planet practicing some of the coolest skill sets that exist. I love this stuff it's one of my favorite things to do and. I'm.

So jazzed that we're actually going back to live in-person trainings where now you can really feel the power of this. So the total combined value of everything. I've talked about. So far is ten thousand seventy eight dollars.

But we're not going to stop there if you're one of the. First people to click those links we're going to give you this too this is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is of course. I created many many years ago to get people a fast start to hypnotizing people in normal conversations you're gonna get in this video you're going to get books you're going to get videos you're gonna get transcripts you're going to get uh um. Hands-On training in the seven most powerful language patterns that exist instant and.

Rapid hypnosis inductions lie detection um hypnotic anchoring which is one of the most powerful things that. NLP has to give us in terms of blocking in certain types of. Behavioral. State control and stuff like that you're going to get all kinds of extra bonus videos as well this course was designed as a fast start course you literally watch two videos read a manual and you can be out hypnotizing people during normal conversations in four hours it doesn't really get any faster than that okay.

It's a 997 dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free for those of you who are impatient like me if my superpower like to tell people is impatience if it's not fast it's not consistent. I throw it out and. I find something that works better this works okay. It's been one of our best sellers for many many years and it'll change your life everything will change your life.

But this will get you really really fast start. So total combined value is 11 075 dollars hold on to your hats because if you're one of the. First 21 people to click that link right. Now you're also going to get this you're going to get a free.

VIP ticket to the. Next killer influence 24 secrets of covert hypnosis live certification boot camp this is a five-day deep dive intensive into the. Art and. Science of covert hypnotic influence everything we've talked about and a whole lot more it's.

January 23rd through the 27th we're tenderly scheduled to hold that event at the. Country. Inn and. Suites 5975.

Lusk. Boulevard in. San. Diego it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value and during this five full days of.

Hands-On training you're going to learn how to control your emotional state. So nobody else can do it against your will ever again how to take that emotional power that you've created and. Bluetooth yourself to another human being and cause them to feel whatever way you want to feel. So they'll think the way you want them to think.

So they'll literally do what you want them to do teach you how to emanate. Charisma on command and radiate trust sincerity love and connection to everyone not just a person. But an entire room how to take over groups and become the charismatic leader of groups of people how to make people like love and trust you how to hypnotize people during normal conversations how to read anyone instantly detect lies profile their personalities and much much more this is one of the most powerful transformational life-changing experiences you will ever have as you go through this training you will embody all the skills you've heard me talk about today and it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger still 2 250 value total combined value is 13 325 dollars right. Now let me tell you something a little bit about this particular bonus and why it's such a cool deal this is what we call a.

VIP super ticket now what does that actually mean it means that if you get this course now and get you qualify for this bonus you get to if the training sells out you get your own we will find a seat for you if something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't attend the class we'll move you to another training if you weren't planning on coming to this training because of your work schedule or family obligations and all of a sudden your schedule frees up and you want to come. But the class is sold out and this class will sell out by the way because the venue that of the room that. I'm doing it in only holds 30. classroom style and.

So um there's actually a a room limiter on this. So you might want to go ahead and get your get your class now reserved before they're all full um especially since. I have 15. Mega platinums who always get.

First come. First serve um. Anyway as. I was saying um if something comes up at the.

Last minute and you want to come to the training. But it's sold out we will find a seat for you we will literally make a seat if we know you want to come to this training the only thing that we ask is that if you know you're coming don't just show up reach out to me or whoever's running my uh my customer service maybe. Stephanie or whatever and let us know you're coming because we try to have all the we you we don't want to have to rush around at the. Last minute and make more manuals or or get more manuals than we need we want to have just enough for the people.

So all we ask is that if you know you're coming just let us know even if it's a day's notice it's good enough right. But just let us know now if. I said now one of the things that happens a lot of times is training sell out things happen if that happens we'll move you to another training or we'll make a seat for you at the training you want to come to the other thing that happens a lot of times is inflation we all know that shit's going up if the price of this course gets raised your price is guaranteed you will never pay a dime more than you're paying today to get into that train and repeat that no. Matter how much the price goes up if you have one of these.

VIP tickets you will never pay a dime more to attend a five-day live training with me. Then you're paying today as long as you're in the database and we can check it you get it okay. If you want to gift this call this ticket to somebody else who you think can use it more you can do that too right. So again if you want to gift it to somebody you can't if you want to hold on to it it doesn't expire.

So if in 2041. I'm still alive you decide you want to come to a training as long as you're in the database which you should be because these things don't expire you can come right. So. I'm really proud of this our.

VIP ticket program because it really gives people the ability to customize how fast they want to move through the process of becoming powerful it's a two thousand five hundred actually it's 22 it's actually two thousand seven hundred fifty dollar value. I don't know how that typo got in there. But we'll say it's 22.50 it's still a bargain right. Total value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollars all you got to do once again uh to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killinfluence.com forward slash go click the link right.

Now be one of the. Next 21 people to get this package. So you get these. VIP tickets.

So. I can personally. Mentor you. I can personally guide you both through the internet at the.

Country. Inn every month for three months and live and in person if you want to work with me this is the most economical efficient and. Powerful way to do it click the link now because they're gonna go fast in fact they're already going fast no. Matter if my if the messages.

I'm getting from folks are any indication click the link right. Now killerinfluence.com forward slash go www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go it's one installment of 997 or three easy simple installments of just 397 each remember there's always two payments to everything the. First one is the money the money is the easy one you can always make more money it's the. Second one the the payment of action the time the energy the effort to own these skills that gives you a power and an ability and a skill set that no.

One anywhere can take away from you and will serve you as long as you have the intention and the will to use it okay. We'll talk about that as part of your training and killer influence click the link right. Now www.kellerinfluence.com forward slash go and again just to review secrets of human influence home study course two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value defense against the dark arts 1997 value free. Renegade reframing conversational belief change and objection.

Mastery one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value free um. Charisma and conversion 1997 value free three month. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program plus the 13-year archive one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value free and of course that super powerful.

VIP super ticket the five day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis persuasion boot camp. January 23rd to the 27th here in. San. Diego.

California two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value free total package value 13 325 dollars yours for just 9.97 click the link right. Now click link click the link click the link uh has. Ron. Popeil would say operators are standing by to.

Fast. Track you into the world of human influence and persuasion we're going to take a seven minute break we're going to come back at 5 50. and we're going to pick up with part three we're going to build on the techniques that we talked about in part one and we're going to start talking about how you can begin the process of protecting yourself from the. Dark. Arts of persuasion and manipulation if that's what you want to do or if you want me to teach you more other types of influence techniques this is your training this is your webinar that's what we're going to do.

So. I'm going to see you now at 5 51. go use the restroom grab a coffee um eat lots of chocolate get ready to play we'll see you in a minute hey everyone. Dr. David back from my uh very quick potty break and child hug while we're uh we got a couple more minutes until um our break is over.

So what. I like to do when we when. I come back early is. I like to just take a few moments and uh while people are finalizing their packages what questions do you have what do you want to know about what what um where do you want to go with part three or or what have you we got about two minutes until uh we have to start the webinar again.

But what do you want to know about type your questions in the chat and we'll go from there yeah. Heather um. I have. I have lots of stories about using the echo technique with a significant other as long as you just.

I didn't. I did open a loop. I got to close the loop remind me uh about troubleshooting that before you go. Betty says already signed up during previous webinars met was mass instruction instead of yeah um.

Betty go ahead and call. Stephanie directly and see what can be worked out um faith says is the stealth instant conversation offering in this pack is the same as stealth. CPI no. It is a different course similar content though similar content.

Jason is asking primarily self-improvement and change purchase course. Terror. Tom welcome welcome to the family brother yeah. Heather says yeah leaving in 10 minutes.

So would love that uh how to protect against dark. Jedi. Synergy vampires out there will be interesting in part three okay. Okay.

Man friend uh let's see here. Sarah says. I know this isn't articulate is about killing influence. But.

I am also interested in topics on healing self and others becoming certified practitioners oh yeah start with um. Sarah start with identity by. Design and. Then go to real world trauma resolution after that go into vibrational healing and vibrational influence and after those four trainings decide um where you want to specialize or what you want to emphasize okay.

That's our therapeutic training. Silo and that's the optimum sequence that. I recommend people take um take to maximize their ability to do this stuff anytime anywhere okay. Uh let's see here.

Tom says thanks. David it says different from what you have. I would like to know how to use this in presenting a yoga class to have part oh oh. Amani oh you will have you heard of.

Yogi. Bryan go to. Instagram type in. Yogi.

Brian. Yogi. Brian is one of my students and he's built a massive following um. Salvo kozik is also one of my students he's also a yoga instructor um these guys are using this stuff like gangbusters to to trance people through the floor and get really really deep releases from people this is exactly what you need um for any form of teaching faith is saying if the info percentage is the same.

I'm allowed to substitute yes. Um let's see here. I'm just trying to get through all the three magic questions uh okay. Can you repeat those courses in order okay.

All right. I think we're good all right. Let's get back to our regularly well will this help if. I am new yes.

Um. Lily or. Ellie the course. I'm sorry.

I meant to say. Ellie uh one of the things that you guys need to understand uh again this is we didn't again. I. I there are.

So many things. I could have talked about that would have just taken us off course. But killer influence the entire killer influence curriculum has been ranked since 2020. the number one. NLP program in the world.

So literally since 2020. I've been the number one guy. I have the number one course. I'm always in the top two right.

Next to the founder. But put that aside the fun factoid about killer influence is that. I never designed it as an. NLP course it uses.

NLP amongst a lot of other things. But. I didn't design it or promote it as an. NLP course and.

I designed it specifically specifically for people who don't have any background in hypnosis or neuro-linguistic programming or any form of ericssonian hypnosis or anything like that it's designed for people who can't even spell hypnosis that's why people really in my opinion it's. I think it's one of the reasons why people really love the program it's because it's designed for people who know nothing because if you go to my. YouTube channel and you watch all my early videos. I'm not talking to hypnotists.

I'm not talking to neuro-linguistic programmers. I'm talking to computer programmers and plumbers and. Housewives and massage therapists and everybody who is doing something else who have problems that they want to solve and they need persuasion skills to do it or therapeutic skills to do it. So that's where.

I. I really refined and honed the materials is in people who know nothing you know nothing. So they can be good. I made a joke to one of my my high level coaching clients the other day says a lot of people design their programs for their peers right.

For the for the the quantum leapers as. I like to call it. I designed my stuff. So that.

Homer. Simpson could become a master of persuasion right. That that's how that's how consistent and easy. I want to make it.

So that people who have no. Background in any of this can grab it and apply it which while we're on the concept the topic of apply let me close a loop that. I opened at the beginning of part one about the echo technique when you start using the echo technique with people that is it is going to feel amazing for the person receiving it let me let me repeat that when you use the echo technique with somebody it's going to feel amazing to the person receiving it it's going to feel really freaking weird for you and repeat that it's going to feel really weird for you that particular weird feeling is called the spotlight effect the spotlight effect is this feeling of conspicuousness or self-consciousness that we get any time we're intentionally consciously doing something that is different from our natural normal organic way of doing something here's the thing you need to understand that's only inside of you that feeling that you're having is only perceptible to you. But because human beings tend to project their internal environment onto the people around them and treat them as if they're feeling it too you will often feel like they're going to catch you because you know you're doing something different than what's normal for you it's not true.

I challenge you to try and get caught. I challenge you to try and get. I'll tell you. I'm going to tell you um two more.

Echo stories because if there's anything that's going to prove this to you faster than anything else it's going to be the echo technique okay. Once upon a time in 2012. I was hired by a security company in. Israel to fly out there and train their customer service people to train their um r d people and to train their vice presidents apparently what was going on um over there was that the the r d people and the customer service people were not communicating very well there was this they were just constantly bumping heads and.

I don't know if you've ever worked with r d people. But they're professional. Smart. Guys which uh can sometimes be hard to deal with because the customer service people would call up and to the r d people and say hey there's a problem with this product we need to know how to fix it and they're there and the r.

D's approach to customer service was read the manual right. So there was some there was some friction going on there and. So one of the. First things.

I realized we needed to do is these people needed to feel like they were on the same team they needed a connection they needed validation they needed to feel like they were heard and understood. So. I started teaching them the echo technique now one of the things let me just say. First and foremost.

I love the. Israeli people they were. So warm and inviting and and loving. But man they are the toughest audience.

I've ever met right. Every day. I was. I was going into this trip to train these people it was like a war to see who would win.

So. I have like five rows set up in my room and they come in as a group and they all sit in the. Last three rows and. I just politely asked him.

I said can you just move to the front of the room and they all said no. They just stood and looked at me no. I was like hmm and. I got my little brain started thinking because that's what.

I do. So well you know. I always make it a policy to call and the people sitting in the back of the room they got up as a group and as a unit moved to the front of the room the. Next day they come in they're all sitting in the back of the room again and.

I'm like oh and. I said you know. I'm gonna call in the backfield and they you weren't going to get us with that one. So.

I had my assistants come in and remove the. First two rows. So now we have three rows and they're all in it right. I still won.

So. I'm going through the one one not one of these classes. I'm going through the echo technique foreign he was like right. There right.

There and you know how sometimes you're sitting in an auditorium. Next to people and somebody farts. But you really don't know who it is. But it's really bad and you just start to get that look.

On your face and your face gets beat red that's this guy. I'm talking about the echo technique and he's just he's getting like and at some point he just can't take it anymore he stands up he looks and goes. I don't believe it and for whatever reason. I had my wits about me.

I go you don't believe it no. I don't believe it. So what specifically don't you believe. I don't believe this would work you may have already figured out what's coming like you don't believe it would work because and he starts talking and for the.

Next five six seven minutes all. I did was give him his very own word back to him all. I did now he's completely oblivious telling me. I'm full of going off ranting and raving about how this could never work while.

I'm echoing him okay. So. I waited for five to seven minutes till he had pretty much proven my point his friends are sitting. Next to him and they're like they're all looking like dude he's doing it to you how he didn't they didn't say that they were smart right.

And. Then as politely and um compassionately as. I could. I looked at him and.

I said sir have you realized yet that for the. Last five minutes all. I've been doing is giving you back your very own words they looked at me like it was crazy he's like he looks at the guys to his right. The guys to his right.

Go he looks at the guys to his left the guy's to his left go he looks at me now you ever seen the old. Looney. Tunes commercials where like. Yosemite.

Sam or. Donald. Duck and. I thought.

Daffy. Duck drinks too much hot sauce or gets really really pissed off and you see the red rising up and. Then steam comes out of his ears that was this guy he turns beat red he's like. Then all of a sudden he just collapsed he just gets this defeated look.

On his face he looks at me looks around he says to me are we really. So stupid and. I said sir you're not stupid you're selfish every nervous system is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself when you deploy the echo technique with people the person that's receiving it will be having the most amazing experience and in many in 99 of the time they will be completely oblivious the people standing. Next to them or sitting.

Next to them may notice what you're doing because you're not using their words. But if they were to talk to you and you echoed their words back they'd be in this person's position and this person would pick up on it you understand how it works you will feel conspicuous at. First because in order to do the echo technique properly you have to stop doing what you normally do or communicate the way you normally communicate. But that level of self-consciousness or conspicuousness that you're expressing experiencing is only inside of you it's not going to be experienced by the people you're directing this technique at okay.

One final. Story by the way are these stories helpful do they help do they do they kind of give you some background or do you find them okay. Excellent again if. I'm distracting you or.

I'm not giving you what you need with these stories. I'll stop. But. I have one more that.

I think would be really helpful uh and. Then we'll go into um other stuff remember the gentleman. I talked about earlier the one who had gone to the. T harvecker seminar and had realized through the course of my training that he had been put had the whammy put on him the.

First time he came and was acting as my video guy. I was teaching the echo technique and he's just sitting back there going really and. So that night he goes over to his girlfriend's apartment he goes in and he says hey. I learned this amazing technique today.

I'll tell you about in just a minute. But before we go any further just tell me about your day how was your day today right. And. So she starts telling her she starts telling them about her day and every two minutes he's echoing her words about 15 minutes in she looks at and goes.

So what's that technique you're going to tell me about or that you learned is. So cool in a minute in a minute tell me more about your dad. So she keeps going and he's just acting and she's just rolling off 15-20 minutes into the conversation she goes when are you going to tell me that technique in a minute in a minute. I'm really just.

I'm really having enjoying hearing about your dad about 45 minutes into the conversations ninety percent of the conversation is coming out of her mouth she's just echoing and she's running off she's just spouting he can't take it anymore he bursts out laughing and she's like what what what what is this about right. And she goes and he goes to her you remember that technique. I told you. I learned it yeah when are you going to tell it to me when are you going to teach it to me.

I've been doing it on you for the. Last 45 minutes and. Then they got into an argument until he actually proved it she goes you've been using it on me for the. Last 45 minutes.

I said yeah. I've been using it on you for the. Last 45 minutes you couldn't possibly yeah. I couldn't possibly.

But. I did right. And it's just they just went back and forth for a few minutes and. Then he he said well okay.

So let me ask you something technique aside how do you feel about the conversation we've just had. Last 45 minutes to an hour how do you feel about that and she thought she stopped for a moment and she said you know honestly. I think this is one of the best conversations we've ever had that lady or actually not a different lady. But another one of his girlfriends went on to just write me a check for ten thousand dollars because of the echo technique she literally came and sat in on a on a meeting uh or a class.

I was teaching she was a city manager here in. California [Music] um and wrangled a 1.2 million dollar budget deal for a program that was only supposed to get a 1 million using the echo technique okay. So this is something that again there's no. Fluff here there's there's it's not.

Theory it's used in hostage negotiation it's used in therapy it's it's used in marketing it's a concept you need to get echoed when in doubt. Echo it out okay. Everything goes back to echoing okay. Uh let me look.

At. I just want to make sure our. YouTubers don't feel left out um all right. So let me go back to my chats really quick and what do you guys want to focus on now for the.

Next hour or. So do you guys want to go deeper into influence do you want to look. At um the social. Predator stuff well.

Tony why are you here what is it you wanted to learn social. Predator stuff okay. Then let's talk about what exactly is a social. Predator okay.

Let me go and change my um. I'm going to change my. PowerPoint here. So the.

First thing. I want to talk about is what what really makes a social printer okay. Let me go to my share screen. So social.

Predators can be defined let me make this a little smaller social. Predators can be defined as people we find emotionally attractive when they make us feel loved and respected and valued anymore in other words they use these same things that we all want to take advantage of us. So we're talking about narcissists people who have a strong entitlement mentality and a grandiose self view now narcissism comes really in two packages one of the things. I will tell you as from a therapeutic standpoint is that you will never see a grandiose narcissist in your chair unless they have to be there what you will see many times is what we call a covert narcissist and the way you you you classify the difference is covert narcissists it's never their uh grandiose narcissist it's never their fault like everybody's to blame it would have worked perfectly if.

So and. So hadn't done. XYZ um. But everything is they're always shifting blame to some.

Outside. Agency uh when something good happens it's because of their their intervention right. Uh he he won that deal because. I handed him the pencil he needed to sign it right.

Until they take credit for the deal that's grandiose narcissism it's very obvious now remember that narcissism isn't one thing it's a spectrum all human beings are narcissistic to some degree that's why your nervous system responds to the echo technique because it's selfish grandiosity is is just an exaggeration of something we already do and already are okay. Now. I'm not going to sit here and debate whether people are narcissistic because of some damage or trauma they've suffered or they just came out of the womb that way. I don't care for my influence and persuasion perspective.

I don't care how they got that way what. I care about is what. Havoc they're reeking in my life or the life of people. I care about and that's something that.

I really want you guys to understand we're delving now into a realm of what we would consider abnormal psychology. But one of the things that it's important to understand is that most of the things we consider to be pathological are just exaggerated versions of things people already do. So as we go through this understanding of covert narcissism or grandiose narcissism you may start to see patterns that you have well guess what you have them because you're a human being the difference is the proportions and the predominance of these traits and patterns and characteristics in your day-to-day life and how conscious you are of them right. One of the things that happens whenever.

I teach defense against the dark arts in person is everybody thinks they're a narcissist where everybody thinks they're you know a sociopath why because some of the characteristics are things they've experienced we've all had moments like that. But the the key operative word in that in that sentence is moments right. Well we're looking at people on the. Spectrum we're looking at people who are predominantly this way in an exaggerated way the pejority the majority of the time now covert narcissism is a little bit different in in how it it manifests covert narcissism is it's the person is still the center of the universe.

But now everybody's out to get them everything is an attack on them right. A lot of times you will get uh the children of grandiose narcissists will actually be the ones who seek out therapy because they're looking for somebody to tell them it's not their fault that the world is just out to get them right. So be very very aware of people who are playing the pity card a lot right. Who are always trying to say they just don't like me they don't understand me um you know they they they're jealous of me all these things right.

Because. But no. Matter that they've that they need. Dynamic is still there it's just the differences in a grandiose census like.

I am this and. I'm right. And they're wrong and everything that happened that happened well was because of me and if something goes wrong everything happened what. I said would have worked except for these people who did that.

So how should we approach that dynamic leave no. Um one of the problems that you're going to have with both covert narcissist and grandiose narcissist is that they are going to remove themselves from responsibility and accountability for the they do okay. That's all by the way all social predation all social. Predators have that particular characteristic they're all going to seek some way to get out of or um evade accountability for the things that they do.

So in defense against the dark arts. I think we've we've come up with about 21 different tactics that these people use when confronted are called on their that they'll use to try and. Escape okay. There's about six or seven different tactics that narcissists used to suck you back into a relationship after you get out.

But that's not. But that's they're not the only kind of social. Predators out there um. So.

I want to talk about the other the other kinds and. Then. I want to go into um how much uh. What uh what are these people looking for and what is what are the big picture steps that they take to start to groom you into these um less than healthy relationships does that sound like a plan or is there something more specific you'd like me to talk about go ahead and type it in the chat again this is your class okay.

So to. Alex's question on on how we approach people on the narcissistic. Spectrum here's the here's the funny thing now what. I'm going to say is going to be controversial most of you won't do it.

But. I will tell you this narcissists are actually some of the easiest people in the world to manipulate they're some of the easiest people in the world to manipulate there are some of the easiest people in the world to predict because you know how they're going to respond if you can make it about them and make them the hero they'll do whatever whatever is necessary right. Um if you want them to take an action in their covert narcissist and you paint them as the victim they'll do whatever is necessary to validate that experience right. You have to actually be a little bit more cagey and strategic.

But you can count on a narcissist to do whatever makes him feel best for her feel best about herself make sure the center of attention or the hero guaranteed you can always count on it right. And if you want them in your. Camp all you got to do is make sure they're always the hero and they're never wrong you make everybody else wrong right. This is such a powerful thing that an interrogation um this is actually part of their process it's called rationalization and projection one of the things that they'll do is they'll say you know what.

I get it. I get it. I mean look. How she was dressed she was obviously advertising it she was just flaunting it she deserved what she got this wasn't your fault it was hers just tell me what happened.

I get it right. Think about what. I just said there right. Oh yeah yeah this is how this again if you want to read how this really works um because one of the things that narcissists are always looking for when their shits uh while validating experience oh yeah 100 100 it's rationalization and projection right.

Because in those situations especially when they're they're being pressured when they're surround when they feel like they're surrounded by enemies people automatically look. For allies what does that look. Like in a different context remember the little story. I told about the guy without toilet paper he came out he was furious at who the guy behind the counter because it was his responsibility is that the guys fault that there was no.

Toilet paper to. Men's. Room arguably maybe maybe what. But what happened what did.

Kendrick do in that moment he got angry at the thing the person was angry at he got angrier he got angrier and now the blame shifted to somebody else there was an alliance created oh. Seth wants me to tell the. Second half of that would you like to hear the. Second half of that story just to show you how powerful this is okay.

A few weeks. Later kenrick's sitting behind the the counter some other muscle bodybuilder guy comes in walks right. By camera stops and says hey guy. I need your you need to you need to show me your membership card.

I didn't have his membership card. So don't worry about it. Kevin says sorry guys. I can't let you in without a membership card they go back and forth for a few minutes.

Next thing you know this guy this big muscle guy reaches across the counter grabs. Kendrick by the throw a split. Second after the guy reached across the counter and grabbed. Kendrick by the throat another hand comes out of nowhere and grabs him by the throat and it's this guy who had the toilet paper issue a few weeks back the guy grabs him by the throat and he says hey this guy's my friend you leave him alone you deal with me and the smaller muscle guy says hey man.

I'm sorry. I didn't know. I didn't know it was your friend it's cool we're good. I'll go get my card boom one moment of echoing one moment of creating emotional merging and in a similar emotional.

Vector created a bond and this is the same thing that's being leveraged in an interview and interrogation the difference between what we're doing here and interrogation and interview is that we want somebody in an interrogation in a criminal setting we want to leverage psychological levers to get somebody to voluntarily do something that's not in their best interests it is never in a criminal's best interest to confess. But that's exactly what happens because of the psychological. Leverage right. Now could that be useful outside of an interrogation yes.

If you want to get the truth out of people if you want people to confide in you and trust in you enough to share things with you the moment you create alliance with them the more they start to share all the techniques that. I gave you at the beginning of the webinar the echo technique the emotional bonding checklist emotional motivation checklist we didn't get the three magic questions. But we'll talk about that are designed to create that at a very very deep almost unbreakable level are there other ways to do it yes. Are they simpler no.

Okay. So these basic techniques will cause people to bond to you and once they've experienced the pleasure of that connection and that. Bond they will move. Heaven and.

Earth to keep it are you guys with me. So far do you understand why. I did what. I did at the beginning of the webinar because one of the things you're going to have to deal with.

As you move through dealing with narcissists is you're going to have people being deceptive with you you're gonna have people lying to you or misleading you in some way. So there are three kinds of lies that you will encounter out in the world the. First one is what we call lies of falsification these are just blatant untruths usually arguably some of the easiest ones to catch right. Some of the most.

Insidious ones are called lies of influence. Now lies of influence are deflections. So let's say for example that um there's a high-rise apartment a lot of high very wealthy people living there and one day one of the the tenants reports that all of her jewelry has been stolen well the cops are coming for me they go to the security logs they find out the only person on the floor in the building that day was the made made dinner late 50s early 60s the investigators go up to her and they say. So.

I'm curious did you uh did you take the the jewelry from. The. Smith's house on. December 13th 2021 sir.

I have been awake. I've been a a servant here for 45 years. I retire in three in in three three or four weeks none of my my ladies or my men have had a complaint about my service how dare you accuse me of that why would. I steal now here's my question did she answer my question yes.

Or no. No. What did she do she changed the subject from did she take it to why would she take it because she's such a good person. So many many times when you start to confront people that's the kind of response that you'll get it they'll never direct the.

First flag that goes up for me when. I ask a direct question do. I get a direct answer do. I get a direct if.

I get anything other than a direct answer. I put a little notch in my possible deception category now the. First thing you need to understand about and. I have whole webinars for deception detection.

I have classes on in fact we cover it pretty pretty consistently uh in defense against the dark arts because it factors in um. But. I'm going to do four. I'm gonna do more deeper courses that my friend.

Chase does a lot with that too um. So when we we have to become aware of deviations from their. Baseline in other words what do they normally do and when you put them in give them a stressful question do they do something else deviations from the. Baseline clusters and baselines.

So these are things that you'll learn about as you get deeper into the dark arts materials uh spycraft which is coming out in a few weeks um and the new program. I talked about. I haven't really talked about that yet um. I don't know if.

I'll have time. So. I might have to say that from the time how do you protect yourself and disconnect from those strong bonds formed after the desire great question the. First thing to do is realize what happened this is where uh the echo technique and all these other things come in if you do these the echo technique and the emotional bonding checklist and three magic questions protocol which.

I don't think we'll have time to cover in depth here what you'll discover is you'll create a state in the other person that the deeper into that state they go the harder and harder and harder it becomes to actually lie to you when they go to lie you'll literally see their physiology shift you'll see their pupils shrink you'll see all these tells because in order for them to actually tell a lie from that state they have to break the state and create mental and emotional distance in order to create the lie and. Then deploy it congruently. But you'll. But that snap of the state will just jump out at you this is why.

I tell like when. I'm teaching when. I'm teaching attraction um and. I'm teaching women how to sort for better men um one of the things that we we tell the people is always be testing and that's where the three magic questions protocol comes in because as they get deeper and deeper and deeper into that connection and that attraction it's it becomes harder and harder and harder for them to monitor the.

Buster the cognitive resources to be deceptive. But one of the kinds of deceptions. I want you to start becoming more sensitized to is when you ask a direct question do they give you a direct answer and how fast does the answer come if there's a pause little flag should go up if there's a deflection another flag should go up right. If you see physical distancing another flag should go up you start checking five or more.

Flags there's a high probability of some kind of deceptiveness or secretiveness coming out okay. Is that helpful is that useful type it in the chat for me okay. Good. So um on.

Monday on. Monday. I posted a video on body language and lie detection. I highly recommend that you go and you watch that video okay.

Because. I actually cover a lot of the things. I'm talking about now again. I've talked about it in a slightly different context we want to catch these people are at the very least become aware enough of what the possibility of what's going on.

So that we are on our guard the problem that you're going to have is that you won't want to do it let me let me elaborate on that there's some there's a a program in most human beings known as a truth bias. I'm going to repeat that there's a program that runs in human beings known as a truth bias there is an inherent desire to believe that when people tell us something face to face that they're telling the truth even when our guts telling us there that something's not right. We still want to believe they're telling the truth okay. And what happens is the truth inherent in a lie will deceive us and it will trigger an editing effect let me let me elaborate on this if you guys start to if.

I start to kind of fuzz you out or it gets a little confusing. But just type it in the chat and. I'll try and elaborate on this. So there's a part of us that wants to believe when we read something or we hear something or somebody tells us something face to face that they're telling the truth or at least at the very least what they believe is true okay.

We're we're conditioned to give people the benefit of the doubt social. Predators prey on this now. I'm going to make a distinction um between neurotic people and character disturb people most of your. Predators will fall into the character disturbance column.

But they prey on neurotic people the higher your degree of neuroticism the more vulnerable you are to predation you want me. So far social predators are character. Disturbed average to um self-conscious hyper self-conscious people are on the neuroticism. Spectrum one.

Praise on the other many times people who are deeply wounded who are neurotic will take on predatory. Tendencies as a means of either projection reaction formation or um defensiveness defensive action [Music] um let me look. At the there's 20. I'm sorry there's 20 like questions here.

I need to go. I promise you um after this webinar. I will go back and look. At all of your questions.

So if you're going to decide to go on a journey for the truth you have to go into what. I call deception mode what does that mean you have to ignore the truth let me repeat that if you're committed to ferreting out deception how about avoidance some donut yeah that's true. I will talk about that actually um. I'll go through that in just a minute um the reason for this is is because the moment you start checking off truth untruth truth untruth your your truth bias will kick in and you will start minimizing the incongruencies and inconsistencies in their story great book.

For this is called spy the lie and get the truth they're written by the same authors. I believe. But spiralized really great it talks about these lies of influence and the truth bias and things like that. But if you decide that you want to become uh you you want to figure out the truths you've got to ignore everything that's true and focus only on the incongruities and inconsistencies now why is that or how does that work or why is this important how many of you buy a show of that's me in the chat have ever done any form of creative writing or um editing like.

I when. I was in when. I was in my undergraduate education aside from my being an. English major or uh actually being an honors.

English and stuff. I was also the editor of the school newspaper. So. I spent a lot of time editing one of the things editors will tell you to do is after you write something put it in a drawer leave it sit for a few days and when you go to edit it edit your story backwards another start from the.

Last page the. Last line. Last word and work backwards why is that because if you try to read what you wrote and edit what you wrote from the beginning your brain will fill in all the inconsistencies typos and graphical errors okay. When because of the way because of the way it flowed the way you created it in your mind things of that nature when you start reading it from the back forward now everything that is structurally incorrect or grammatically incorrect becomes much more obvious because your brain isn't filling in what it knows was there previously does that make sense.

So when you're when you go into deception mode you have to consciously go into a state of uptime awareness and you have to zero in only on the inconsistencies of the story and like a bulldog or a dog with a bone you got to stick to it you got to stay with it now that's going to cause a bunch of other chain reactions again one of the reasons that people are fascinated by this stuff. But they fall victim to it not because they're not aware of it. But because they're in denial of it you see when we when we make a decision to seek out the truth that changes the relationships with those people forever and some of us would rather be lied to and keep a relationship knowing it's a lie. Then change the status and the dynamic of that relationship to get the truth.

So a lot of people don't fall victim to lies because they're fooled they fall victim to deceit because they need to believe the lie or they lose the relationship does that make sense okay. And the reason. I bring this up is because if you choose to call somebody on their. First of all you gotta regardless of what your gender orientation or preference is physically or literally or metaphorically you guys got big brass cojones you got to call them on their.

But the moment you do shit's gonna hit the fan are you ready for that are you prepared for that one of the things. I tell my students my agents of influence is. I like to call them is that just because you perceive it and you you you've elicited it doesn't mean you have to say it in other words a lot of times people talk to me. I know they're lying there have deception cues left and right.

They don't believe what they're saying they're incongruent they're inconsistent you know their their pupils are dumping up and down like the jumping bean. But. I just smile and not because. I'm.

I'm an influencer. I'm always thinking strategically if. I know you're lying. Then.

I can start to reverse engineer what's behind the. LIE what do you gain out of it what do you gain from lying to me and once. I know what once. I can reverse engineer your end game.

I know what to do and what not to do and. So. I can circumvent a lot of stuff without calling that person a liar head-on right. The easiest punch to block is the one you see coming or the one you know is coming does that make sense.

So one of the things. I want you to do is. I want you to have the skills to do this. But.

I also want you to have the situational awareness to know when it's appropriate to be obvious and um you know stick to your guns and your ethical moral principles and call that person on it or when it's more strategic and more advantageous to just understand what this person's motive may be what they're doing and just close off the back doors the the little things that they're trying to access right. One allows you to maintain at least some level of relationship that you can use the other one. Burns. Bridges which may be a good thing right.

You have to make that decision. So. Alex is asking how to detect when someone is ready if they choose to break their deception okay. Alex.

I don't understand the question okay. Is this helpful is this useful. So far cool all right. So what.

I'd like to do now um. I want to talk. I'm going to talk about the other. Omission the other type of lie you're going to come up across is a liable mission live omission okay.

They're just not going to tell you about all right. So what. I'd like to do is. I'm just going to give you a quick reminder of what we've got for you guys as far as the offer when we come back when.

I after. I do that. I'm going to talk about how do social predators select and choose their victims. I talked about it a little bit when.

I talked about character disturb versus high levels of neuroticism okay. But for those of you who may have joined us late or who are um wondering if you're on the fence we've got going on here is the sequence of human influence uh home study course it's a 2497 value it's going to come with some amazing bonuses defense against the dark arts 1997 value we're going to give that to you free the. Renegade reframing uh home study course is 1997 value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free unit. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for speakers and providers we're going to give that to you uh for 19. it's 1997 is absolutely free three-month.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and video archive 1597 value absolutely free the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 value free and of course that super. VIP ticket to the five-day uh certification boot camp all you gotta do is click the link click the link click the link go to www.killerinfluence.com it's a 13 325 package you're gonna get it for one low installment of 9.97 or three easy installments or 397 each just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and uh we'll reserve your spot for you all right. Let's talk about um what.

I call victimology before. I do that. I want to um. I want to go over something that.

I think we all we all need to have and this is a template um there's a certain. I think it's. Stephen is it. Stephen.

Hassan or there's another gentleman um some of this materials come from a set of books called in sheep's clothing and character disturbance and parts of it are also from my friend. Chase. Hughes and other parts of it are from um a book. Called combating cult mind control who.

I think is the author for that is. Stephen. Hassan. So um let me go ahead and look.

At my all right. Yeah let me close these. Loops really quick. I'm opening a lot of.

Loops here. So. I apologize because. I actually.

I'm actually bouncing between like three or four different notebooks where. I have this um information. So let's look. At.

Social. Predators again. So we talked at length about narcissists sociopathy is anti-social personality disorder this more than anything is probably where you will see character disturbance really. Shining people with this particular form of social or psychological illness are at war with the current societal standards of ethics and behavior lest you think that they're the way here's one of the things.

I want to caution you about you don't want to you don't want to make the mistake of assuming don't make the mistake of assuming these people are the way they are because they're damaged many of these people came out of the womb with this switch flipped on some are the result of trauma. But at the end of the day unless you're a therapist we don't care how they got that way we just care about dealing with them okay. So let me be very clear sociopathic people character. Disturbed people no.

Right. From wrong they know what society says is right. They know what society says is wrong they don't care they're at. War they're an aggressive personality now sometimes that stuff that that aggressiveness is very obvious and a lot of times it's not it's passive aggressive.

So you need to be very aware of passive aggressive behaviors. But one of the things that you need to understand is that a lot of these people especially if they've been in and out of institutions or what we call couch broken now what does couch broken mean couch broken means that they know that the current psychological and medical model thinks that they're the way they are because they're victims because they're injured they've been damaged or hurt and traumatized in some way and. So they know exactly what to say how to say how long to say it. So that the therapist thinks that they're actually making progress in getting cured not true okay.

Again the other thing you need to understand is that these people as a group there can be exceptions. But these people as a group view kindness and and uh sincerity and. Mercy as weakness a stupidity and. So if you express kindness compassion.

Mercy giving them the benefit of the doubt sound familiar they'll interpret that as weakness and only prayer week you understand only pray are weak the prey doesn't deserve. Mercy the prey doesn't deserve a path right. This is this is very harsh and again like. I said this is not always the most uplifting part of the of the training.

But. I want you to understand that these people don't give a about you except to the degree that you can give them what they want once you understand their their programming if you need to manipulate and manage them you can. But it will call it will involve a high degree of behavioral flexibility and expressing yourself in ways that aren't necessarily pleasurable for you which is why it's better to avoid these people or excise them from your life than to try and manage them okay. So sociopath you're going to run into a lot about four percent roughly of the population or sociopathic sociopathic people tend to do well and migrate to leader positions of leadership they actually do actually quite well many times in positions of leadership okay.

Because they're not troubled by emotions they tend to be to be able to make much better strategic decisions that have um human uh what's the word human collateral damage is not a big thing for them if that makes any kind of sense okay. Jack says all this sounds a lot like my ex yeah you may find that there are a bunch of people in your life or have been in your life that kind of match this this demographic true not true okay. Yeah um in the. YouTube channel uh someone's saying is a narcissistic and sociopathic people are really good at targeting empaths yes.

They're very good okay. So the idea is once you've identified these people what are you gonna do about it the. First thing. I would do and the.

First thing. I would talk about is how important is this person to my life and. Then what has to happen for them to to remove them in a legal way right. Okay.

So what do these people look. For right. What you know um let me go to victimology really quick well they're looking for people who are high on neuroticism and. I'll go through that checklist in a minute.

But let's if you if you can check any of these boxes you're probably on the on the watch list. So one of the things you'll learn is that vulnerability equals suggestibility this is one of the most power one of the uh one of six hypnotic levers that can be utilized to make people more compliant the more vulnerable you can make somebody feel the more suggestible they become. So if you've been diagnosed with or you're on an. SSRI prescription selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors these things will affect your your suggestibility if there's been a recent death in your family the history of mental illness many times um you'll find people that especially a lot of grifters and con artists we'll hang out in support groups because these people are emotionally vulnerable.

So if you've had any recent losses this is something you want to be aware of if you've had a history of mental illness right. Um and people have access to your information you may find people suddenly appearing in your life if you're going through a recent divorce or end of a relationship you can be vulnerable to this kind of grifting or or sociopathy recent financial problems loss of credit. Etc history of seeking out help from suicide hotlines a history of having very few close friends a social human traffickers and cult recruiting often select for people who are loners who don't have a sense of community or are looking for a place to fit in these people are. So in need of a support system that they will cleave to anyone who validates their um their situation okay.

I'll talk about what we call the. Predator protocol in a moment um they're looking for people who are detached or estranged from their family members again if you got someone who's coming from a broken home or had an abusive parent um these this is again is somebody who definitely um becomes vulnerable to somebody who's going to love bomb them or apply what. I call the. Predator protocol which we're going to talk about in a minute uh desire for notoriety somebody who's what does that mean attention attention seeking.

Behavior remember what. I said earlier. But what is the currency of relationships guys what is the currency of relationships retention let me let me scroll out a little bit look. At look.

At these is there any one of these that attention doesn't play a role in is there any of these that attention isn't the fact is it that doesn't have attention or or more or less attention as a mitigating. Factor. SSRI prescriptions what are this for usually depression right. A famous 15 minutes of fame now this one how many people you know are the classic.

Wild. Child like they come their family is like this very classic middle class you know laid back. Church going family and there's this one girl in the family who has just got tattoos and her piercings have piercings and anything that's just notorious or deviant she's all over it okay. This is a deviant seeking.

Behavior or deviant seeking personality this is a need for notoriety okay. Strong desire for self-expression hey look. At me validate me history of uh abuse sexual or physical um heightened disconnection. I'm sorry for all the typos from.

Friends what are we seeing here oh yeah social media has made it even more powerful right. Uh it's a and here's the thing you understand to the. Predators it's all a numbers game wait. I'm not you know you guys can see my screen right.

To the. Predators it's all a numbers game right. If you if they walk up to somebody get rejected it's going to be like water off a duck's back they know that if they just hang out in the right. Locations the right.

Population they're gonna hit it's a numbers game um we'll talk about social stability scales and stuff like that. Later uh love bombing these are all things that okay. These are the big ones though. So again vulnerability and equals suggestibility um recent death in the family again this is a loss of a loved one or says wow.

I think. I got targeted right. If you. CH here's here's how.

I would look. At it if you check three or more boxes on this list you probably need to get on the program and start plugging those holes and becoming more self-aware okay. Why is that because there's a formula. I don't talk about this very often there's a formula that all of these predatory types sociopath.

Psychopaths machiavellians social uh narcissists dark. Triads human traffickers grifters con artists child molesters there's a formula that allows them to enter into a person's world and gain a foothold and create such an imbalanced power. Dynamic a sense of deep level emotional addiction that it's almost impossible for the person being groomed to break okay. Um.

I'm not going to tell you how. I got this information or where it comes from. But. I will.

I am going to share it with you because as. I go through it there's five branches to it there's five phases to it um and we covered in depth in defense against the. Dark. Art.

So if you've got that program you're cool it's in there you're gonna you're gonna learn this um there have been people who've tried to use this for positive reasons um. I really don't know how successful they've been is this mind control it's really close it's really close in fact one of the things that in in the research. I was doing uh one of the things. I.

I read was that many of the people who are groomed through the formula that. I'm going to share with you that emotional addiction to the perpetrator is. So strong and. So pervasive that even after the person is in jail and gets out of jail the person who was groomed in this manner continues that relationship they continue to stay in contact with these people because of that emotional bonding that is taking place now this emotional bonding is unhealthy emotional bonding it's not the one that.

I taught you okay. Oh yeah. Manfred. I've got a whole um.

I've got a whole. Library of email swipes that people who are honeypotting creating a little honeypotting um mail order bride type scams we're using to just mind people and just giving them money and trying to bring them to this country it was it was whole it's pretty interesting right. Again. I spent a lot of time with this why because you and.

I as influencers we have a line that we will not cross right. But there are people for whom that line doesn't exist or view it as a. Marco stupidity a mark of weakness and my job is to empower you my job is to make sure that you have the skills should you choose to go after them to say no. To these people to remove them from your life to kiss them like.

I said before when at the beginning of this webinar if this is the scope of everything. I got time for this. So. I'm giving you the things that.

I think will help you. I think knowing how to classify people and what the big behaviors are is important. I think knowing what they're sorting for and comparing yourself to that victimology will help you realize where your points of vulnerability are. So you can choose to do something about them and.

Then once. I teach you the phases the five phases that these people use if you start to feel certain shifts in your personality you start to feel certain ways that the behaviors will start to flag. But here's the thing if you don't have the state control if you don't have the ability to evaluate the feelings in your body from a meta perspective. Then you will become a victim of the very connections you're seeking to make.

So you have to understand both sides of this you need to know how to do these things if you want to effectively be able to prevent these things from happening to you. I. I mean you can believe me or not. But this is how it is okay.

So are any questions about the victimology. I shared okay. How could you protect yourself when you're interrogated sedate yourself right. And again.

Alex what um what context would you be being interrogated just by a law enforcement official or is this like some predator cornering you. Okay. So would you like to unders would you like to learn in a big picture well. Alex again the secret to it is remaining relaxed remaining relaxed be aware that any attempt at befriending you is attempt to become your is an attempt to pers to get you to for them to perceive you as being them as an ally and if you just see them as an ally long enough you'll start to let things slip right.

Again. I don't. Advocate lying to a law enforcement official. But controlling your state your control the more you can control your state and your body feelings the less deception leakage you're going to have um get your story straight make sure you can tell it backwards because most.

Liars can't okay. Um a lot of times yeah okay. Uh let's see here all right. Let's talk about what.

I call it. I'm going to change the name of this. But right. Now we'll call it the.

Predator protocol before we go into that though oops uh uh before we go into that. Last. Last call for this if you're on the fence okay. This is your.

Last chance to get this this is the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2497 value it includes the defense against the dark arts home study course live training uh 1997 value absolutely free. Renegade reframing uh conversational belief change and objection. Mastery home study course 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. Charisma conversion hypnotic persuasion skills for presenters and public speakers uh home study course 1997 value we're going to give that to you free you're gonna get three months of.

The. Mastermind mentoring program where you can go down and drill down deep on all of this stuff for uh 1597 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation with this crash course 997 value we're going to give that to you free and. Then you also get that. VIP super ticket to the killer influence five-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp.

January 23rd through the 27th at the. Country. Inn and. Suites uh.

San. Diego. California it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to absolutely free the total package value here guys is 13 325 you can get it all for one just one installment of just 997 and three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do is click the link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go click the link click the link click the link and uh reserve your spot. So that we can make sure you get the training you need uh in the shortest amount of time possible once again it has a 60-day money-back guarantee if you're not satisfied with the progress you're making and we can't help you uh we'll give you a full refund again you have absolutely nothing to risk that being said let's go ahead and talk about the.

Predator protocol okay. So let's look. At this there are five distinct areas of influence that all persuasion. Predators use to condition or groom their victims and create a motion addiction the.

First one is the one that every practitioner positive or negative of human influence has to understand is called proactivity foreign ly powerful at profiling and reading body language they take the time to immerse themselves in the world view the world or world view of their victims. But not just their victims also the victim's family peer groups and support systems okay. These people are studying everything about their target and from that they're going to create a legend they're going to create a persona that allows them to fit foreign that perfectly fits needs and wants let me clarify that the emotional needs and wants of the subject and their support systems. So at the risk of creeping people out one of the things that happens many many times in cases of child abuse child sexual abuse molestation things of that nature is that the molestation is almost always perpetrated by someone close to the family or trusted by the family a minister or a religious figure a coach a caregiver an uncle an aunt a teacher why because these people occupy not not why do they why do they um abuse them.

But what happens is people in these positions hold a highly trusted and well thought of place in our community we don't because of the truth bias because of the compassion and the kindness and the benefit of the doubt side of us we automatically think if someone shows up wearing a priest caller that you can trust what they say that you can trust they are who they are don't forget again we could we could make a laundry list of trust people who've abused the trust that they were given. But you have to remember something is that many times the. Predator was already in them the. Predator was already there they just needed to create a new identity that would give them credibility.

Authority and access okay. Very few people just wake up one day that. I know of at least and decide to do something. I could be wrong on that.

But things think these things build up over time. But one of the things that a predator will do um is let's say that that we're talking about a child molester right. They're gonna spend time studying the person. But also the.

Avatar of that particular population they're going to dress the way the child dresses they're going to learn the if they play the child plays video games they will hang out in those video games and they will use the slang and the and the terminology and the jargon bet as like a nine-year-old would use it why do they do that because the more they become like the person they're seeking to influence the faster the bonding and the barriers to intimacy drop trust happens does this sound like something we talked about earlier does this sound yes. It does doesn't it what are we talking about you learn the technique called echoing the echo technique is an expression or an application of a principle known as identification human beings are hardwired and programmed to be comfortable around people who have things in common okay. A predator in the in the profilings. OR proactivity stage will go above and beyond merely echoing a person's words to create that.

Bond or to create that. Comfort they will mimic clothing styles they will play the same video games they will read the same books they will use the same jargon and terminology in the video games. But not only will they start to take on the attributes of the of the target they will start to hang out in the places that the. Target or the.

Avatar of those targets hang out why. Target. Rich environments people like people who are like themselves the best book. I found that's that's user friendly for what we're talking about is a book.

By a lady named. Wendy. Patrick called red flags red flags okay. We'll talk a little bit about the the flag system before we log off tonight.

But they will use that empathy against you yes. That's right. Um they will create again their their whole intention is to be the proverbial. Trojan.

Horse right. That's basically what they're doing. So when you when you're presented with somebody who checks all the boxes now again we started talking about child abuse and child sexual abuse and things of that nature that's one very evil nasty disgusting you know form of predator and most of them just simply aren't repentant they just think we're stupid. So they play the repentant role.

But if you're out on a date with somebody and it's a. First date and they're checking all the boxes that should be a flag what. David wait a minute in in another video you said when we do the three magic questions. I'm looking for people who check all the boxes yes.

You are. But you also remember if you watch that video. I tell you always be testing now this is one of those. Forks in the road where.

I'm going to tell you this is what's going to happen this is what you need to do. But you're not going to want to do it you're not going to want to do it because the energy and the connection that you've created to this person is something you don't want to give up let me repeat that with many of these types of people they have created such a state of trust and connection with you that the idea the thought that they could be anything other than what they appear to be is almost physically painful remember these people are predators they cultivate that they're experts in that if you want to catch them you need to be stronger than your feelings you need to be stronger than your heart regardless of how you feel about this person you need to check them out you need to profile them you need to do your due diligence okay. But you won't want to do it right. And the other in the course that.

I took. Out of the that. I teach in the original secrets of human influence program. Weapons of.

Mass instruction. I talk about two phenomena that make stories irresistibly compelling the. First one is called identification how much like the person in the story is the listener the. Second one is transportability how deep into the flow of the experience is somebody because the deeper they are in that flow the harder they'll work to stay there they will.

Overlook. Glaring inconsistencies in the story that's being told because they don't want to break that flow state well attraction is no. Different in an attraction scenario your system is being flooded with dopamine oxytocin um to in a massive degree you're literally dealing with a chemical addiction that's changing your perceptual filters and if you don't understand that. Then you and you go into it and you're at the mercy of that chemical secretion which these guys are experts at triggering you're going to give people the benefit of the doubt the things that would be obvious red flags you'll get you'll you'll.

Overlook. Because you don't want to break the state you don't want to engage in analytical thinking and you have to if you want to catch these people okay. Another thing that you'll that'll happen a lot of times. I'll just put this out there is they will test your boundaries with small things to see how you react one of the stories that.

Wendy talks about in her book. Is a serial rapist who would meet someone he would get a new job in a new city and he would see someone who checked all the boxes as a potential victim and he would walk up to them good looking guy and he would say hey um where's a great place to to eat and he would pump him for information about how close they lived to the to the um the restaurant and stuff like that just very you know innocuous stuff and you say well hey uh did you come with me to check it out tonight and and if the person said yes. He'll say well. I'll meet you here at such and such time okay.

So she'd be there and 15 20 minutes 30 minutes late or he'd come strolling in and depending on how she responded to him he would know how how solid that person's boundaries were and if she's not it's all right. It's no. Big deal. I have stuff to do the minute they cave on their boundaries they've just flagged themselves as someone who has permeable boundaries and.

So by getting them drunk enough and pressing all the other buttons he would get him back to their apartment roofie the hell out of him and do what he wanted to do and leave okay. So there's subtle things. So people ask me how do you protect yourself against predators. First and foremost always be testing understand that these people are experts at making you feel certain ways that cause you to overlook.

The inconsistencies and incongruity. So just like lie detection you need to look. For the things that don't fit you need to do it intentionally no. Matter how much you want to like them you have to assume that the package the carpet doesn't match the drapes for lack of a better word look.

For inconsistencies right. So the proactive phase is the one that where the person is getting the victimology they're getting the the the address the the emotional triggers and creating a. Persona right. After that it's about identification they become this person that this person is emotionally vulnerable to and they inject themselves in small bits at.

First into that world and as a byproduct of that they proceed to do several things they create affirmation they affirm a person's belief systems about themselves and the people in them. So if a person is like everybody nobody understands me nobody gets me they say you know what you're totally right. I completely understand. I've you know.

I've been under misunderstood a lot and you know they're they're just completely wrong don't don't listen to them you you're right. About this right. Affirmation remember the interrogation part. I talked about earlier you know what.

I understand how it's not your fault right. She was wearing a short skirt she was asking for she's obviously trying to trying to. Loop you in we've seen are we seeing patterns here the the technology what we're doing is the same proactivity identification credibility affirmation validation these are the five phases that these. Predators utilize.

I'm sorry emotional appeal uh identification affirmation credibility. So again emotional appeal is what do these people find emotionally attractive right. And how do. I how do.

I embody that how do. I express that identification how much like this person can. I become without arousing suspicion affirmation validating a person's world view and making them right. Credibility this is impression management how can.

I come across as being highly authoritative in their world when you have those five things proactive you proactively know who you're searching for you become emotionally appealing you create identification you affirm them and. Then you have the authority and. The credibility in their world now you have the makings of what we call an imbalanced power dynamic and the longer that relationship goes on the more emotionally addicted to the perpetrator the victim will become has this been useful type it in the chat okay. So you have the tools now to know what to look.

For you have the tools now to know what they're looking for you understand some of the snags and the pitfalls that you're going to encounter when dealing with these people because these people are. Masters you need the state control training you need the sensory acuity you need the ability to manage these highly fluid. States and ask the right. Questions and being willing to accept the answers that are generated the only way.

I've found to do this besides the live trainings that we do is the program and the package that. I'm offering you tonight if you found it useful if you think it can help you if it can give you the edge on both fronts the ability to hear yes. In your life more often and the ability to say no. Get the out to the people who deserve to deserve to be kicked this is the program that'll do that for you.

So in the world you know on a positive note study the three magic questions protocol and you will flag these people long before they have a chance to take root in your lives study the um the flags formula in in. Wendy's book. Red flags. Focus lifestyle.

Association groups you can go to their social media page follow the protocols and if the flags go up go home. I'm. Dr. David.

Snyder please click that link if any of the things that. I've taught you tonight have made your life easier just by understanding them you'll get even more by actually putting the techniques and the skill sets into practice remember it's is there no. Way to get it faster and easier it's a total value of 9.97 just click the links right. Now get those.

VIP tickets get in the room with me let me put this stuff inside of you in the best possible way. I love you. I'll talk to you all soon remember to click the link post your questions in the comments section below this replay and we'll see you all again very very soon good night and. God bless take care.
