Title: FREE CLASS: Weapons of Social Seduction -Secrets of Killer Influence
File Name: 3mcQK7q4yPU.txt
Video Id: 3mcQK7q4yPU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mcQK7q4yPU

Welcome to. D the world according to. David won't you come on in they're just filtering in like crazy ah. I see a lot of happy people a lot of familiar faces a lot of familiar names that's awesome.

So while we're waiting for people to fill in uh. I guess said welcome to killer influence secrets of social seduction my name is. David. Snyder and uh.

First and foremost because sometimes we forget. I'd like to to give a special thank you to our tech crew in the background uh the archetypes of this amazing webinar uh. Brandon. Burr and his uh amazing assistant.

Spencer and. Henry. Krauss out there they're in the background making sure that your webinar experience is as smooth and as enjoyable as humanly possible and. I don't look.

Like a complete. So that being said. I have a question for you before we get into uh standard operating procedure and some of the the housekeeping for today y all had something in mind that you wanted to learn when you when you logged into the webinar today now some of you know this especially if you've been to some of my live trainings and some of you don't. But uh.

I do play favorites and what. I mean by that is um the people who come to my. Live. Events and.

I think this would kind of sort of count because it's interactive get the best stuff and. So while. I always put out information about what. I may be teaching in a training or in a video or things like that once the people are in the room and the doors are closed speak that's when the juicy stuff comes out that's when.

I look. Around and. I say to everyone what do you really want to learn today. So what.

I'd like you to do if you would for just take a minute or two type in the top two or three things that if you got nothing else out of this webinar it would be like the best experience ever right. Just type two or three sentences and. So. I know where to direct what we do today because.

I have a whole a whole thing planned out. But if it's not where you guys want to go. Then. I want to make sure you come out of here feeling like you got the most awesome webinar ever okay.

Elijah can testify that it's true. Rapport. Rapport stacking realities okay. Robert.

I am here to learn. God. I hope. So someone asked about astrology.

I. I'll leave it up to. Brandon or somebody who has uh faster eyesight than. I do to kind of collate these things and see what are the most prevalent uh things coming up someone asked about.

El listing values very good yes. Astrology. I have no. Clue about astrology.

But. I'll make something up and it'll sound really good um report okay. Power phrases to use okay. Cool all righty this is good good okay.

So let me just jump in and let me tell you kind of what. I have planned today and uh you're going to find out that uh most of what you're asking will fall into one of three areas that. I've discovered okay. It's either generalized persuasion in other words getting people to do what you want them to do that's pretty much the sum total of everything that that we're here about um let me give you a little bit about where.

I started from with this stuff because like many of you uh most of the and. I'll be upfront with this. I didn't most of the things. I'm going to be teaching you guys in this webinar today and.

I intend to to give you as much as humanly possible in the time that we have without like having you guys have your brains dribble out your ears and stuff like that um. But one thing before. I get into any further brand have a little bit of an echo is there anything we can do sending energy to someone mic. I seem to be a m ctis all empathy.

I have no. Idea what that means sounds good here all right. So many years ago he how. I gonna start with this.

I was not the. The. Shining specimen of conversation linguistic. Mastery you see today.

I was pretty much the the the runt of the litter if by run. I meant you mean. I was about almost 200 pounds. I bad hyg um.

I was picked on pretty much everybody in my neighborhood and um a lot of things happened to me that that at the beginning. I was a bullied kid. I mean. I had a lot of stuff that.

I came over now. I could have had it a lot worse. I don't get me wrong. But the things that.

I went through were pretty traumatic for me and. I didn't have a lot of social skills. I a lot of good experiences trusting people. I didn't have a lot of.

PE of experiences um in fact. I had a lot of experiences where uh people just took. Advantage of me and uh between theing and the lying and the desperate need to be uh accepted which is people asked about the reptile that need to be accepted massive massive driver to most people's behavior and anytime you can touch on it um people will make a beline for what you want them to do if you if you phrase it in the right. Way.

I'm going to teach you exactly how to phrase those things. Later on in the wiar. But. I want want to give you a little bit about where.

I come from understand my driver. I am not an altruist. I know. I come across that way uh in of my videos uh.

I'm a firm believer in enlightened selfishness turn off my computer audio how do. I do that do. I just um like that oh hey. I don't have an echo anymore coolness um and.

I had a. I had a bunch of. I'll tell you some stories throughout throughout uh the course of the webinar. But.

I want to keep on point as much as. I can as many of you know when. I when. I when.

I talk. I tend to chase a lot of squirrels. I try to close as many. Loops as.

I open. But um. But. I try to kind of kind of circle back and tie it all together for you most of the skills that you're going to learn.

I'm not an altruist. I. I just. I know a lot of people buy into that.

But um. I believe in. I get back what. I give.

So. I. I give as much as humanly possible uh more much more. So than probably uh is good for me by some of my some of my peers would say.

But. I don't care because. I learned a long time ago that you in order to receive from the universe you have to give to the universe and you are my universe you're the you're you're the reason. I'm here.

But. I have to. I have to start off by saying the things. I.

I. I am teaching you. I did not create for you. I created them for me because.

Time. After. Time year after year. I would run into one brick wall after another and.

I'm not somebody who quits uh. I'm somebody who if if something it gets in my way. I will find way over around through underneath. I will.

I will just keep studying and researching uh until. I find a way to it and. I will constantly be honing that and. So what you're getting in this webinar for me at least is the world according to.

David now many of the things that. I'll be teaching you you may have heard from other teachers and that's cool you may have hear a slight differently slightly different spin on it everything. I'm going to share with you in this webinar is real world proven that's why we call it real world hypnosis and. NLP power my life has been a continual search for personal.

Improvement and. EMP a and. Power in when. I in my perspective in my terminology is really um the ability to get something done the ability to make a change.

So today because of the things. I discovered the places. I've been the tragedies and the traumas. I've endured uh.

I stand hi here in this webinar uh very honored. First of all to have. So many of you with me this is this is a historic moment for me because. I've never done a webinar.

I've been on other people's webinars. But. I've never done one. I never hosted one and to have.

So many of you come out you know and and support this. I. I'm really grateful and as most of you know who've been to my live trainings uh. I give as much as.

I can uh to the people who show that they deserve it and that's you. So congratulations to you for coming out let's talk about some of the things that. I'm gonna. I want to talk to you about today um.

First and foremost. I have six major areas that. I would like to uh to touch on if. I may um.

But are you in the right. Place if you've ever been in a situation where you've been bypassed for a promotion overlooked by someone you wanted to like you more if you've you know um found yourself dating the same person with a different face over and over and over again if the same circumstances and situations just keep showing up and you're in the right. Place okay. This talk is going to teach you some things that you probably heard in a lot of my webinars in the past the difference is.

I'm naming it directly at you it's not an audience that you're just kind of peeping into you're gonna have a chance to ask me questions you're gonna have a chance to if we have time and if people want to get to do a couple hot. Seas with me if we have time uh we'll even do some some house cleaning. I'll teach you how to clean up your this in this webinar uh. I'm getting some uh some are people having trouble hearing us or are we still are we still losing our audio what's going on anything going on there okay.

So. Gran's handling that okay. So there are six basic areas that. I'm going to cover these are six bullet points if you're taking notes um write these things down because um sometimes.

I chase squirrels. So the. First thing. I want to talk.

I'm going to talk about six basic components this uh today and they're not small and and the truth is if if if this beyond the scope of my arms is the the the scope of what we can talk about today we have time for for about this much. So my commitment to you is. I will take you as far as. I can in the time that.

I have and. I will show you what to do. Next and where to go for more if that's what you'd like to do is that fair if it if you think that's fair if you think that's okay. Uh type yes.

Or go for it in the in the in the chat for me oh lovely. I like you already. Okay. So we're gonna do this a little bit more structured than my.

Meetup. But we're going to carry a lot of my my my same. Meetup oh my goodness look. At this my wow.

I feel. So pretty all right. So here's the. First thing this means.

I know the answer obviously you can't uh you can't raise your hand can you raise your hand in the chat. I don't know right. You know what means this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't ask me to do that right. All right. If profanity colorful metaphors in um strange and weird language offends you not the right.

Place for you guys right. Um. I'm a guy who tells it like it is and and that's cool all. So let me see what else color.

I need to talk about if you haven't gotten yourself a hot drink if at some point we give you a break go get one and hold it right. If you haven't brought your chocolate from now on standard operating procedure when we do a webinar you got to have coffee and chocolate all right. And if you're diabetic get diabetic chocolate. I don't care.

But we got to flood you with oxytocin oh he's making cro with coffee. I love you guys rock thank you. So much okay. The.

First thing we're going to talk about today is the the driver behind all human behavior because everybody's here because of something you want true not true yall want something it's probably more than one thing and that's what we talk about and the the secret to that. I want you to apply all of that to what. I'm going to be teaching you and where to go. Next the.

Fe the driver behind every form of human behavior is feelings all right. And. I make it real simple in the meetups and. I'm going to make it even simpler for you here there's only two kinds of feelings we got really if you think about it there's feelings we want more of and there's feelings we want a whole lot less of and all of our behavior is built around that idea built around that idea.

So the question is well okay. So if all behavior is based around feelings what the hell do we do about that well the. First thing to understand is that human beings have a checklist a checklist for every single thing that they do the end result of which is a feeling now when we start managing and and working with feelings feelings are by the way the most hypnotic process we have a lot of people say it's language well yes. And no.

Because it's the it's the state created by the feeling that is that the language triggers. So everything we do is a feeling. State even though we get there through a visual we get there through an auditory we get there through a smell or a taste the feelings are the state and this is important whether you're coming at it from a to learn this from purely influence perspective or from a law of attraction perspective which. I teach a lot of.

I. I mean a lot some of you guys have been in some of my. Advanced energetic classes where we to we show you how to take the stuff from the the hardcore street level persuasion and influence world and. Bridge it into that.

Quantum non-local phenomena generating mechanism we call the human nervous system it's really cool. But there's a progression and a body development that has to go into that and. So that's why a lot of the classes that you'll see me. Teach have prerequisites like when we talk about vibrational influence or things like that you can't get into that class unless you've been through either uh killer influence or um real world hypnosis the reason is is because there are certain key modules in those courses that are foundational to the vibrational influence class and you have to have a certain level of skill set to be able to do that it's going to go back to.

State. Control you're going to generate feelings in people one of two very straight they're not mutually exclusive there's two ways you're going to generate feelings in people one is through your own. State your own. State your ability to enter and exit a feeling.

State as an act of will now some people were asking about. Rapport. Rapport is a subset of. State.

Control when. I was creating system which we're gonna talk about uh. I'm gonna give you an overview in a minute of of the the key areas. I want to talk about and go deep dish into one or two of them uh when.

I was trying to put together my person system after. I realized. I had a system for what. I did and how.

I did these things um and. I'll give you what some what some of those are in a minut. I know. I'm opening a lot of loops and.

I apologize. I'm just too excited today my state control needs to be changed a little bit um a little bit. I was trying. I was in a little bit of a quandry because.

I was trying to say well. State control and. Rapport they're. So important they're.

So almost almost the same. But not quite and. I when. I was looking at the hierarchy of what has to come.

First because we need a process we need a procedure a lot of lot of people who want to learn how to use influence how to be persuasive and charismatic they're looking for magic words they're looking for scripts. I'm here to tell you that the most powerful influence you can exert is through your state in fact most some of my students who are on this call will tell you once you got the state control down you could literally recite. Mary had a little lamb and get 80% of your outcome getting them getting the person you're speaking to or communicating with moving towards the direction of what you want them to do it's really cool. But it's it's it's kind of esoteric uh.

But. Tak some training we have the drills for that uh. But it's one of the things you'll almost never see me. Teach online you'll see me.

Teach it in some of the courses that we sell. But. But it's one of the module that's one of the modules that. I keep very very no.

Pun persu um it's one of those ones that really drives the power of your language it gives you amplitude to the signal. So two ways there two ways that we can start to influence the feeling states of those around us it starts with us the most the more we can enter and exit any feeling. State on demand and have that feeling transmit and convey through uh a person's proprioceptive nervous system or um their mirror neurons to another human being the more their system becomes primed to filter reality in a way that's conducive to our outcome. I me it's impossible to get caught um and it's completely ethical it's completely honest.

So when we talk about feelings we have to really start to think about feelings in a different way we need to start looking at feelings as the primary reason we do everything all forms of human behavior uh are based on this idea of feelings they're either feelings want we generate behaviors to get more of those feelings or we generate behaviors to getah feelings to get away from those be or those things how do you control your feelings better than without just lying to yourself well. First of of all we don't lie to oursel we have to understand what our feelings actually are our feelings are a navigation system there a system there there a navigation system that allows us understand what. VI vibrational mode we're in the we we think that we're at the mercy of our feelings that's actually not true uh it's at it's true for people who haven't been trained and when. I say trained that's the vast majority of people we're taught to try and control our states through acts of will not the best way to do that uh your willpower is like the junk food of the mind it's the.

First to check out it's a finite resource. But your state your. B your your physical body posture the breathing pattern you've. SE me talk about this these are the things and you can test it over and over and over again you put someone in a highly emotionally charged.

State uh and you have them try to exert control over themselves as an active will it's very hard and they're going to they're going to clock out really quick the more intense that state comes. But if you can get them to change their posture and breathing you're going to find out really really quick that it's much harder to access unresourceful. States as long as you remember to hold your posture in your breathing system is probably the art that uh really emphasizes this more than any other one uh that's why. I've spent.

So much time studying it is um. I wouldn't consider. I. I love.

Systema. First of all. But for and for a hypnotist. I think.

Systema is probably one of the better. Arts to study uh because of its integration of breath and neuro and neurological functioning um depending on what what school of. Systema you study that'll get more esoteric or or more scientific. But everything they're doing in.

Russian. Systema. Bridges dramatically into all the change work all the energy work all the influence work that. I teach.

But it gives you a way to develop that. State control. But not just a state control where that state is locked within you and you can't do anything else with it. But control yourself it actually allows you to transfer your state to another human being uh and we were doing those exercises long before.

I started studying. Systema. But when. I got into.

Systema everything just exponentiated. So there's a tremendous amount of stuff behind this. But you don't need to understand all of the things all the inner workings of it to make it work and that's an actually a good point while. I'm on this there's a part of you that is going to want to try to cognitively get everything.

I'm teaching you're. GNA want to know the why is the wherefor is you you you're going to want to know how to build the car before you can drive it and you don't need to do that okay. And much of what. I teach it's designed to just get in the car turn the key and go you don't need to to understand all the theories and principles behind why an adverb adjective presupposition works best when it's in front of this that or the other thing you don't need to know why your nervous system processes everything that comes in is true and.

Then decides whether it's true or not. Later in the process you don't need to know why that is in order to use it does that make sense. So um. First and foremost feelings that's the.

First thing. I want to talk we're going to cover a little bit uh the. Next thing we're going to talk about on my list of things. I want to talk about is what.

I call the secret human passcode to controlling and influencing the minds of and emotions of others okay. We're going to talk about the hidden in plain sight back door into a person's mind that allows you to hack their thoughts and direct their emotions and instantly create trust chemistry and connection pretty much on contact and that sounds really hypy. But it's more true than not and when. I tell you which technique it is you're going to laugh um formulas for.

Unstoppable influence this is kind of one that. I teach all that often um because there usually each one of these. I'm. GNA there's three formulas that.

I. I look. At or. I teach actually there's a fourth one that.

I. I'm. G to put on here because. I saw somebody ask about it um in the questions and that's stacking realities we get to that we'll talk about it otherwise.

I'll. I'll point you at some resources where you can learn more about stacking realities stacking realities is just another way of uh saying pacing and leading which is. NLP jargon um let's see here. So we're going to talk about three formulas for.

Unstoppable influence the. First one is what. I call the the the critical path of influence or the six phase. Universal persuasion protocol the.

Third one the. Second one is rather is how to make people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes we know that as three magic questions okay. Uh and. Then we're going to talk about one that.

I don't teach nearly as often uh to the public um as. I do the other two and this is one that allows you to get people who just told you they didn't want to do something to generate a reason for actually wanting to do it and. Then leveraging that to uh to get them to move forward. So this is something that if you're working in in areas like negotiation mediation uh areas like addictions or life coaching or even pretty much anything where somebody tells you.

I don't want to do that right. For whatever reason smoke fation perfect this is actually textbook. Made for smoke cessation um this particular conversational framework will allow you to cause them to resist thems right. Into doing what you want them to do it's kind of what it does it's it's.

Sneaky in a very ethical way nothing we're going to be teaching you is evil if that makes any kind of sense it's actually some of the most ethical honest and. Powerful ways to communicate with a human being. I can't write that down fast enough. I love it thank you um.

I actually have a uh some notes that. I've got here if people want. I will clean them up a little bit and. I'll post them as a.

PDF. I don't. I don't have a problem with that uh. But.

I'm going to show you uh where to go for in-depth stuff you follow up on this. So those are the things that uh that and. I have two more that. I'm going to tell you.

I'm going to teach you how to clean up your being a technical term mind you spec specialized hypnotic influence. Technologies. I can't. I covered my notes.

I can't see what you're writing here okay. Okay. And. Then the.

Last and. Last and. But not least um before we go today. I'm going to show you how to take all of this interesting information and turn it into.

Unstoppable persuasion that's my goal all right. But remember if you learn to pay there's two when. I when. I when.

I. First when. I launched my. First book.

My. First ebook. Or ecourse back in uh 2005 it's called secret orgasm tips some of you may have have that or read about it there was a a chapter in there called how to make any form of. Attraction seduction or pickup work for you and it started with pay attention pay attention is going to be the single biggest thing you can learn to develop that attribute will give you the master key to unlock everything else that.

I teach okay. Pay attention remember that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling if you know what you want somebody to do and the. Next question you ask is what do they have to feel in order for them to decide to do that on their own because it's the feeling states that create the filters to reality that cause them to process your language in favor of what you want them to do right. In meetups.

I've talked about the emotional refractory period um this is and when we talk and we get when you get to killer influence which is. The. Next. Step.

Beyond basic conversational hypnosis that. I teach uh we go into the whole field of hypnotic operators where we talk about. Proxima hnic operators you know how to take control of a meeting or a negotiation just by where you sit you know at the um at the table how to make someone like you more by standing on their dominant side versus their their non-dominant side uh how to structure the environment. So that people automatically you psychologically position yourself in the minds of somebody without ever opening your mouth things like having you hold a warm drink will cause people to like you.

War more the longer they hold that drink uh people will agree with you more if you give them a heavy clipboard to hold while you're presenting to them they will agree with you more if you if you give them a heavy clipboard not a light one um weird weird physical stuff you can do that changes how people process reality. But these are. Advanced. Studies it all and it's all going to go back to feeling once you have feelings you have the ability to modulate perception once you have perception it's only a short time before you hit belief it's a feedback loop okay.

So that's kind of what. I've got for you uh terms of what. I've got lined up today okay. Um.

So let's see here where do. I want to start let's talk about um we talked about feelings a little bit let's talk about the human passcode to controlling and influencing the minds of others now if you've got any how many people have actually have a background in. NLP does anybody if you have one just type it in the in the in the chat box you don't have to it's actually actually. I won't hold your training against you it won't it tends to slow you down a little bit all right.

Very cool hello all right. There is a a process or a phenomena that we learned in. NLP training and it was really the the guy who really brought this out uh into the business world was a guy by the name of. Kenrick.

Cleveland now you've heard me talk about. Kenrick many times before um if there were a god of conversational hypnotic persuasion in my world uh it would be. Kenrick. Cleveland.

I. I truly believe he is he is uh just the the go-to guy for a lot of stuff. I've studied with a lot of great people. I mean.

I. I give credit to all of them even the more notorious ones even the ones who claim to hate my guts even the ones who who post weird things on my. YouTube channel like. Next time.

I see you. I'm gonna fart down your throat very weird. I know. But hey that's just the way it is.

I love you all and. I thank you all for the things you've taught me. But the one thing that you can always count on is that human beings being things that support their sense of identity they do things that give them feelings of that give them positive feelings about themselves now in. NLP there's a phenomena or a set of beliefs we call criteria and values.

I'll go slower criteria and values now criteria and values uh we uh is it's uh. I think. I teach it in master practitioner when they talk about logical levels of belief you have different your your belief systems have a hierarchy to them and many times when people talk about who they are and what they do you will hear things like if you ask and we talk about this in three magic questions when people talk about um you ask them what they do for living they say. I am an accountant or um.

I'm a body worker or. I'm an energy healer or. I'm a neural linguistic programmer or. I'm a police officer anytime you hear something prefaced by a term.

I am what you're hearing is an identity statement and that identity statement means that in that hierarchy of beliefs that you have and there's about six or seven different levels to it that belief is almost at the top with transpersonal or spiritual being the highest and. Then identity being below that and. Then you have the values and the criteria and uh sense of uh beliefs capabilities environment deservingness these are all things that this the further down the that level of belief that you go um the weak they become in relation to the ones up top the higher you go the more you control the things below and that's why this is important in terms of both feelings and in terms of uh understanding why people do what they do criteria and values criteria and values form the building blocks they're they're beliefs they form the building blocks of your identity and of the functional component to this and this is functional persuasion this is not theoretical this is all functional and there's and because. I work in the medical field.

I can tell you there's a huge difference between laboratory academic uh medicine and functional medicine we're here to learn how to get done. So. I'm here. I'm going to give you the most powerful stuff right.

Off the bat and that is feelings and. Then the fastest way to get them okay. Fastest way to get them is through a process called criteria and values criteria and values has three pieces to it now this is a little bit of a different parsing than we might see in a traditional. NLP class um and.

I wish. I had a way to to type things in. But um values and criteria have three components they have a checklist the checklist is the most overlooked piece of the. Criterion values equation you have a checklist you have a a feeling and a label.

So there's a set of parameters that have to be met when those feelings are or those parameters are met a feeling is generated and we call that feeling x a label. So let's say for example that uh and and you've heard me use this in meetups and and things like that in the past let's say that we have two people and their highest criteria one of their highest criteria in a relationship or value in a relationship is respect right. You have person a over here and you ask them well how do you know when you're getting respect how do you know uh when someone's showing you the respect that you need and aside from the is it visual auditory kinesthetic that's really kind of secondary to what we do um and you'll find out why when we get to step three which is the hidden back door into every person's neurology he asked him how do you know when you're being respected say well. I know you respect me when you take my feeling or you take my feelings into consideration and you you phrase things in such a way that you know won't make me feel bad about myself or hurt my feelings that's how.

I know you respect me fine ask person uh person. C or person. B how do you know when you're being respected how do you how do you how do you calibrate respect in a relationship and that person says well. I know you respect me when you tell me the truth when you you know you don't you don't mince words you don't you don't soft soap it you don't whitewash it you just tell me the truth because you know that's what.

I need to hear that's how. I know you respect me now take it take think for a moment what happens when these two people get in an argument they're it's it's not going to take long before neither one's feeling respected and they're all accusing the other person of not respecting them what you've got is a classic rules violation right. The checklist hasn't been met they're they're matching on the value on the on the label level and the feeling they get when that label's met. But the problem is the checklist that checklist is exactly the thing that cooks the rice now you can talk about a person's values and get a huge amount of.

Rapport a huge amount of interest and attention which is important by the way attention is the currency of relationships remember that whether it's a business relationship a negotiation an interpersonal relationship a familial relationship between you and your children the currency of relationships is always attention and to the degree that you neglect that and you don't feed that is it's going to come back to haunt you if a child can't get your attention one way. I guarantee. Dam toe you she'll get it or he'll get it another way and vice versa right. Your spouses are the same way if they can't get the kind of attention that they need key word they need from you in the way that they recognize that they're getting it they will act out in all sorts of ways and this is the.

Crux of a lot of our problems is we have we match on a labels level respect respect. But on that checklist level on that checklist level we're not matching it's like we talk about fruit right. Someone says. I want some fruit.

So. I reach over. I grab an orange and. I hand it to them and they say.

I don't want that. So what do you mean you said you wanted fruit no. I want an apple they go over and they grab an apple now. I feel better right.

On one level we're talking about the same thing. But on a functional level we're talking needs versus wants these are actually. G when you're talking about needs versus wants it really doesn't matter at a values level they're they're pretty much the same um people's value will either tend to move them towards something they want more of and away from something they want less of or vice versa it'll move them away from something they want less of and towards something they want more of notice. I didn't it wasn't an either or thing when those of when the towards and the way from are together we have what.

NLP likes to refer to as a complete propulsion system it's just a question of which do they pay attention to. First what is the priority that they sort for and these are the things that you you as an influencer should be paying attention to on a meta level because there are things that are hidden in plain sight they're ways that people structure and frame their reality and it out in their words and when you match it someone asked about stacking realities this is a subtle form of stacking realities because once you match a person's meta program they start to think and relax more they start to feel more understood they start to communicate more fluidly stacking realities. Jay is where you call attention to things that are sensorially verifiable or cognitively verifiable. I'll give you a little bit of an example.

Later on and if they can't articulate what specifically they want they'll know when they get it. Then you ask them another question this is one. I. I credit this with my good friend.

James. C2 uh when they don't when they can't articulate what they want ask them what are you not getting what are you not getting and more often than not that flips it right. Around right. People are experts on what they they don't want they're experts on what they don't got.

But like a lot of times when you're out on a date and you ask your your wonderful date which is you should never dis which way if you're a man taking a woman out on a date never where do you want to go tonight honey okay. Just pick a place and if she doesn't like it she'll tell you right. What are you not getting allows that person to fill in all the things they're not getting because your neurolog is weighted that way it's adaptive it's evolutionary you respond more to the things that aren't being met than the things that are okay. It moves the neurology forward.

So what you're not getting is a great question what is it you don't want the minute you say what is it you don't want oh they'll tell you and. Then you can just flip it and start to work that way the secret to this though if you really want to make it functional is how to drill down to the emotional level with it. But also using their words which is phase three the back door into everybody's neurology um. I think.

I got open looped a little bit bit with the the pacing and leading and the the articulating the stacking realities did. I answer that question type yes. Please. So.

I know are is this good. So far are you guys having fun with this yeah yeah. I get nervous because. I'm in case you haven't figured it out.

I'm a bit of a ham and. I'm a for feedback and one of the things that uh. I. I kept.

I. I was telling. Brandon about this at the beginning of the before the webinars one of the reason. I didn't do webinars for many years is because.

I can't see you. I can't interact if. I can't take your temperature. I don't know if you're getting it or not.

So. I'm going to be asking you left and right. To just keep doing stuff and you just keep doing it you'll be fine uh because. I'm very insecure and.

I need all the feedback. I can get um. So thank you. Oscar.

I will keep it up as much as humanly possible you guys are rocking. I like this um. So. Criterion values everything that a human being does has a checklist that is connected and generates a feeling when it's met when it's met they have a feeling they call that feeling.

X now that feeling could be love it could be. Freedom it could be safety it could be security all of that is important understand all of that is important because everything we want is about getting to that feeling now here's the rub sorry if it shakes a little bit. I like putting. I like putting my arms up um this is important write this down tattoo it on the inside of your eyelids because if you understand it.

I mean if you understand it uh you can pretty much write your own ticket in just about every aspect of your life human beings cannot violate their own values and criteria without experiencing intense emotional pain conversely they cannot have their criteria met without experiencing tremendous pleasure and. Rapport and every single thing a human being does has a checklist that allows allows them to recognize that it's exactly right. For them in their world and they're always projecting it onto the people around them they're always projecting it on to the people around them. I have taught this one simple idea this one simple concept over and over again all over the world and every time.

I do 20 30 40 50% increases in conver conversions to and closing rates massive conversions in relationships when. I say conversions. I mean people becoming couples people feeling more satisfied in a relationship every single thing a human being does. I.

I'll get to it in a minute. James every single thing a human being does has a checklist fact it was one of the things that caused that that allowed me uh in 2005 to uh to become nominated. I think it was 2005 yeah as one of the top 10 attraction in seduction uction experts by. Art of approaching and and seduction layer.com magazine it was the realization that when it comes to love making to relationships every human being on the planet has a checklist and they're projecting that checklist out onto everyone around them.

I'll tell you. William. I'll tell you how to how to determine what is on the checklist in just a moment it's contextual. But it's actually simple okay.

We're going to start with what. I call no. Problem intended entry level. Criterion values and.

Then we'll tell you how to. Dig. Down. Deeper.

But if. I if. I spend all the time on criterian values. I may not get to the other four three or four points.

So. I'm going to leave it up to you you know what you want me to do is that okay. Type type something. So.

I know oh. John is. John is already there yeah human beings cover everything okay. John.

John can say that because he has has all of my videos he's had he's uh he's one of. Armondo supro package members. So he's got access to all the stuff okay. Okay.

So the. Next thing is um. So when you're when you're drilling down the. First layer of.

Criterion values the. First layer of. Criterion values is always the order and sequence of the words that come out of their mouth this is the hidden and plain site back door into a person's mind that allows you to hack their thoughts and direct their emotions instantly create trust chemistry and connection pretty much on anyone anytime anywhere it's the one. I use most often it's the one.

I teach most often and honestly it's the most powerful because you can use it anywhere any time completely ethically completely honestly people will feel tremendously understood they'll feel heard they will be they will find you and to be the most fascinating person in their world if not in the you know if not in the world in the room in their world and that's a big that's a big piece of real estate to hold and it's entry point now. I don't know what your backgrounds are in in conversation an. NLP. But you don't need to know any of that if you just understand the human neurology the human nervous system is designed to search for whatever it projects out into the universe in other words if.

I say um um well. I'll just get really. I'll just get really um silly about it if. I say.

Mary had a little lamb and someone looks at me says oh. Mary had a little lamb my neurology would go he's just like me and the neurology will just zero in it'll just pay attention and it'll cleave to the source of that reflection back we call that the echo technique it's also the entry level. Point entry level iian values because no. Matter how super no.

Matter how superficial the languaging is it's always either more directly or less directly connected to the emotional drivers that are driving their behavior it's never not true. I it just it just isn't um the real the only real variable is how direct or indirect the connection is and and things are in like that um they're going to teach you a very kind of invas actually uh elicitation process to drill down to the emotional level the problem with a lot of the. NLP stuff isn't that it doesn't work it's that works search what. I mean by that is it's.

So powerful and it's. So it goes right. To the core of things. So quickly that it creates a feeling of violation a feeling of.

Something's being done to me something's being done to me and it creates a term something we call. Psychological reactants psychological rea reactance is that unconscious or physical push back that we get anytime we experience influence being exerted on us that we didn't specifically asked for or given to us in a way that is not in harmony with our values and criteria our checklist specifically okay. And there's a lot of traffic going on there okay. Um.

So let's. Circle back around to criterian values values criterian values has three components the checklist the most important piece to match the feeling it generates and the label now you can change a person's checklist believe it or not in advanced. ADV hynosis things like that we'll show you how to change people's values we'll show you how to change that checklist the one thing you can't change though is the label they use to define it you can change the parameters that generate the feeling. But you can't change the label.

So it's really really important uh and sometimes our values work for us and sometimes they don't even and some though they give us good feelings the hierarchy of our values determines what's important in our life and in what priority. So if you have a value tree that says that freedom love safety that um creativity and um money in that order the further down that hierarchy you go the less money you're likely to make. So if you want to make more money you got to move those values up in that hierarchy if you want more love. Then you got to move the love up okay.

And your values we think our values are fixed they aren't you have a software that runs. Neurology in another training we'll talk about that. But a person can't violate those values without aing emotional pain they can't talk about having those values met without experiencing. Rapport and connection the fastest way to get to them directly or indirectly no.

Matter whether you know this person for 10 seconds or 10 years use their words the exact words that came out of their mouth are a key to lock fit to their all the filters in their nervous system and the more you use it the more they like you the more especially if you use it congruently and sincerely and that's what. I'm saying this is not this shouldn't this isn't a trick that you want to just play on people you want to use their words every time and. I think. I wrote down on my on my notes here um in a little bit more scientifically way to think about it um the human neurology does not resist its own verbal syntax and that the words it own come out of a person's mouth are a literal code that unlocks their whole neurology use their words use their words use their words use their words when you're doing things like conversational reframes which we're not going to talk about uh in this class or in this class in other classes we'll talk about slight of mouth conversational belief changes things like that if you use their words.

First and. Then do the reframe they have far less they are far more likely to go along with it than if you just say oh well this means y. So what you're really saying is. X okay.

It's a way of softening and lubricating the change the change. Weapon. It's a these are weapons of influence. But they're tools weapons are just tools tools of influence you want to change someone's belief you have to bypass resistance you have to create within them an environment that wants to accept the change right.

And that's going to go back to feelings. So you're minding feelings that way use their words to form a building of. Rapport yes. Very much.

So in fact some of the best marketing materials that. I've ever seen or created were word forword restatements of actual questions for vom questions. I got from people who who emailed me or wrote to me. I cannot stress that.

I and. I don't believe me don't believe me go out hear somebody words back to them and notice what happens you'll see them light up like a. Christmas tree okay. So that's.

Echo technique and this is one that we put it all together towards the end um let's talk about uh formulas for. Unstoppable influence now. I have three that. I've written here plus the stacking realities for me.

So we're going to talk about um formulas for. Unstoppable influence and uh this is what. I call the critical path of influence this is what there's there's six discrete stages the the center of this persu is. Criterion values.

So everything that. I'm about to to teach you and about to share with you you follow literally towards their. Criterion values yeah thanks. So yeah maybe some of you can if we can mics.

Later on we'll have some of you kind to give field reports about how you use this stuff what about people that talk other languages than. English it doesn't matter if if the words come out of their mouth it has been vouched and vetted by every level of their neurology and. Therefore it will have the same effect the only difference will be lag because every time you you speak to somebody in uh in a different language they have to repeat what you just said translate it and. Then create the response.

So there will be a lag to it. But it will still have the same effect it will just happen a little bit slower how would you how is it you speak it nearly identically right. Well it's it's it's exactly like that a lot of times use their exact words what's terrible. John you're screwing me up here you're like very active on these chats you social butterfly you um what about people trying to hide something it'll still work uh the difference will be is that the longer they continue to talk the more into rapport with you they'll come as they become deeper and deeper into.

Rapport they'll find it progressively harder to lie this is actually one of the side effects when you use the three magic questions protocol which is the the the the formula we're going to follow does it sound like a parrot no. Not at all all if you do it right. If you do it congruently right. Remember this isn't a technique or a trick that we're playing okay.

Um. I'm getting you. I'm. I'm getting the the.

U. I'm getting the pro the prompt to stay on script all right. Um let's talk about these formulas for you the. First one is called this the the universal persuasion protocol the critical path of influence six stages.

First one write this down. State control control your state. Next. Next thing you want to do get.

Rapport step three use your language whatever languaging technique you know if all you know is. Echo technique and three magic or three magic questions that's what you use if all you know is stacking reality that's what you use. But the fastest most easiest way to move seamlessly through the persuasion process is to. Echo to use their exact words the way they use them as often as possible okay.

And you don't have to use every single word uh it means use as much of their words as you can where it fits and what you'll discover and. I've done. I've demonstrated this on many many many many videos. So you can go to.

YouTube and you can watch them and you can watch me do it right. With the audience over and over again um we'll get to three magic questions. Oscar. I promise it's.

Next. But we want to finish this particular algorithm it's a persuasion algorithm it's a formula that you follow see one of the problems that we have in things like. Eric sonian hypnosis or. NLP or a lot of sales training is they're teaching you all of these thousands or not not thousands.

But hundreds of techniques. But they're not giving you which one to use when and that is why a lot of people who learn things like. NLP who learned things like mil. ER exonian hypnosis or derivatives can't actually use this stuff out in the field they don't know where to start and what to do.

Next. So. I'm giving you the universal persuasion protocol once you get really good at this you can eliminate half of the steps and you'll still close 80 to 90% of the situations that you're in and when. I say close.

I mean get your outcome get what it is you came for okay. So control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state you use the. First three steps of the persuasion formula to manage the state they're in you create within them an environment that is conducive to filtering and um processing your message in the way that's right.

And appropriate to you're getting your outcome. But you want to find out what they want too and that's why. Criterion and values is important this is never a win-lose situation we're always trying to find out what people want know how they know that they're getting it and. Then keep them connected to the aspect of us relationship product or service that fully satisfies that checklist.

So everything is about getting the person you're speaking to the best experience possible for them because in the process of doing that you're going to get what you want. I tell people in killer influence and uh even in. Rapid attraction. Secrets move through the world making everyone around you feel ridiculously good and people will just give you stuff.

I mean literally people will just give you stuff because it feels good to have you around uh and you'll find you'll never have to look. Over your shoulder you'll never have to worry about who's going to stab you in the back uh who's looking for payback because using criteria and values guys it is very very possible to uh to get people to do things that are not in their best interests and. So you know take responsibility this is powerful stuff this is powerful stuff uh and. I have used it literally literally this thing paid my entire paid for my entire undergraduate education literally.

I went through my entire undergraduate education. I got a degree in business management on writing scholarships. I was the only work study with his own office. I was hired by both my my undergraduate college and my graduate school as a recruiter for the school uh.

I was nominated to uh. National. Society. I graduated with honors.

I didn't apply for when. I talk talk about how powerful this stuff is. I'm telling you exactly what it can do and it even gets crazier um not to mention what we were able to do with the relationship field um. Criterion values.

Echo technique the six-stage protocol is is what cooks the rice. So remember control your state get. Rapport use your language use it use those three steps to manage the target's emotional state if necessary jump into their process when. I mean process what is the exact series of steps that they do when they go about successfully doing doing what you want them just to do this is where stacking realities would come in if for those of you who know what that means.

I don't spend a lot of time on that particular phase anymore because. Echo technique usually takes care of it automatically how did. I manage my clients by controlling their state by controlling mine and finding out what they really wanted and showing them how to uh dissociate or disidentify from the state go to a meta. State change the the coding system by which they were creating that state and show them they had control over it that's how.

I did it uh getting back to the. Last part the. Last part you already know. I began with that.

Criterion values once you have them in the state that is conducive to where you want them to go and you've jumped into their process everything gets targeted on their criteria and values right. Now again if. I had. I don't we don't have the the screen sharing capability up yet otherwise.

I have a whole. Target diagram that. I would show you that. I could explain in detail for how this algorithm.

Works my point though is no. Matter what situation you're in from the classroom to the treatment room to the boardroom to the bedroom. I don't care if you're a mediator hostage negotiator. I don't care if you're out there trying to find.

Mr or. M right. Now or. Mr.

Mrs. Wright. I don't care if you're a life coach. NLP trainer if you want to be able to exert the maximum amount of influence to the most amount of people leveraged in a clean easy way that you just do this do this do this do this do this that is it right.

There you can use it anywhere any time for any reason. I have not found a situation in any um in any circumstance where this didn't work okay. Um we're coming up on five we started at 4:30 right. So we're actually a little bit over we're running a little bit over um.

So let's do this um let me see what. I want to do here all right. Well we we um all right. I.

I have time for two more things um before. I get into where. I want to go. So.

I'm. GNA give you guys a choice do you guys want to focus on um three magic questions resistance removal or cleaning up your what do you think where do you want to go with that show me what you got um oh. I see where we're g okay. All right.

Very cool all right. So. First and foremost. So here's what we're g to do.

I'm gonna go into resistance removal. I'm gonna teach. I'm and. I'm gonna cover the.

Last bullet which is um how to go from interesting information to irresistible persuasion and. Then for those of you who want to stick around um we'll come back we'll clean up we'll do some cleaning up is that fair cool all right. So let's go let's jump in remember something remember. I talked about.

NLP is extremely powerful uh and that's one of the problems is it's too powerful when people experience persuasion any influence at persuasion that they didn't ask for whether it's physical someone pushing you or somebody saying hey you ought to do this we automatically go into what. I call the you factor the you factor is that instinctive say. I don't want to do it because somebody told me to do it. I don't want to go here because somebody's push me even if it's something.

I know would help me you've all had this experience right. Some right. They acknowledge it thank you for it and. Then ignore you.

Anyway welcome to the wonderful world of. Psychological reactants right. That's your wife. I have some.

I have some really cool fixes for that um in the in some of this in the thing. I'm going to talk about in a minute um you're going to find some really cool master keys for really smoothing out your relationships is she the you backer many times she is right. Uh run into this. So many times yeah this is one of the reasons is because they didn't ask for the influence they didn't ask you for it see one of the problems and this is a sidebar.

I'm sorry. I'm sorry brand he's. D. I'm driving him nuts because.

I'm doing all these little squirrel chasing things. But one of the things you guys got to understand is there's a dramatic difference the way males process and troubleshoot their their problems and women deal with them okay. And from a man's pers the problem with men is that we're really simple and the problem with men for women is that we're really simple and that's doesn't equate the world men women are very complex creatures they're awesome creatures um. But they process reality differently um and again.

I don't there's. So much. I want to talk to you guys about if. I wish.

I could just download it all into your freaking head heads. I really do um one thing you want to get is that when you guys when you come home from work and the. First thing out of your your your. Lover's head or your wife's head is all the problems she had today you might have had this experience she she outlines all the she had to deal with today and.

Then the. First thing you do is well did you do this did you do that you should have done that maybe you did this what how about we do this and she gets all pissed off at you right. Anybody ever have that okay. You know why you insulted her intelligence you didn't get it you might have heard that too right.

G 3x wives you need this brother you got to understand something when a when you come home two things uh when a woman gets stressed out she gets really really nitpicky that's a neurological phenomenon not a it's not a gender it's a gender thing. But it's based on neural neural research when men get uh tense they get more. Global they get just cut to the bottom line don't give me the details just get to the point women go the other way they get really really you know they get focused on the minutia when a woman comes home and she starts telling you all the things that went wrong today she is not not asking you to solve her problem for her that's a man think she's more than smart enough chances are she's already solved it what she does want you to sit there listen and let her vent until she's done if all you did was that oh. Genesis genice knows what.

I'm talking about right. They build up. So much emotion that has to come out they're come out they're the outside for they're stronger than we are on the inside. But.

D has to go somewhere outside for her we have as somewhere and as we see it we fix it we see it we kill it we if it moves and it smells like a female we try to do you know what with it as often as we can we're too simple right. We think in cause and effect terms women not. So much they do cause and effect. But everything we do has a meaning in their world when a woman comes home and she starts venting she starts spewing you giving her the the the laundry list of all the things that happened today and how she dealt with it and what she did and how she felt all she wants you to do is listen and signal to her that you understand seriously if you do anything other than that she'll get pissed she'll feel insulted she'll feel like you're not getting it and if you've ever read into that that phrase if you've ever read into that phrase that's what happened remember when a woman comes to you and starts running like that all she wants is to to jettison the emotion she's carrying around around and all you have to is and you know what you have to the simplest thing to do touch her on arm or you know in a way that you know shows you're paying attention.

Echo her words back to her and say. I understand and you'll be amazed at what happens. I had that happen to me the other day my wife is a brilliant brilliant woman who has. So much um she's very very neat she's very very organized and.

I am in a amoeba. I. I'm. I walk in and.

I just spread all over the house that's her nickname for me is the amoeba and uh and she came home and the more clutter there is the less the less she can think and she starts going off about how that this we need to do this and we need to do that we need to do this we need that and she starts going off on me a little bit uh on uh you know how. I need to clean up the room you know what. I did. I said you're right.

And. I echoed her words exactly back to her she felt. So happy. So heard she shut up.

I didn't hear from her for the rest of the night right. If. I had have gone into man think. I'd have started arguing well.

I'm it's not. I. I left it there because of this and. I left it there because of that and it's doing this because of this because because because because because right.

That's the wrong language pattern when you're dealing male to female the right. Language pattern. Nora just had that argument the right. Language pattern is if you know anything about the the seven that we teach is complex equivalence.

But the back door is. Echo technique people need to feel heard they need to feel like they have an ally they need to feel that the person they're communicating with gets them them they feel more like you and you they feel you're more like them and we we bond with people who are like us it's a fun it's it's as solid and rock and and and as reliable as the laws of physics and the only secret the only the only variable in making this work that. I have found is time it will work sometimes right. Away sometimes in a few minutes.

But the longer you continue to do it even if they catch you that's one of the big the big um fallacies. I like to say that. NLP kind of um pervades is that if you get caught doing these kinds of things uh it will actually cause the opposite break. Rapport only if you stop doing it because the moment you stop doing what they say they caught you doing you're admitting you were doing something you've bought into their frame.

So just. But if you if you adopt this way of moving through the world as a lifestyle it's just how you relate to people because you know it's. So just to do it there's nothing for you to catch and if somebody's gonna gonna find fault with you for being you for being ethical and honest and wanting to actually communicate in the. Deep.

So just understanding understanding facil facilitating way possible that's their problem right. The. P the comments people make say more about the person making than they ever do about the person they're directed at. So keep that in mind we're always always always projecting our internal environment onto the people around us and as weird as it sounds and as counterintuitive as you situations you can come up with it will always be that way regardless of how foul the things coming out of their mouth are it's really.

I've done. I've tested this in ways you can't possibly imagine um and it's just it's it's over and over and over again echoing the echoing what comes out creates movement. Yes. Actually it's uh in fact you got to be careful with people who are mentally ill because they will bond to you.

So powerfully you may have a stalker on your hands. So remember uh everything. I'm teaching you is powerful it's proven and anything that has power can go in any direction. So it's really up to you.

I'm not a persuasion cop guys you guys know this um use these things in strict compliance with your own sense of ethics and morals right. Use this stuff to go through the world making everyone you feel or everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and the world will open its arms to you. I. I can't.

I can't say that enough you'll get everything you want that's my job my job is to show you what's possible to stop people from suffering and if the. Technologies. I develop for me can do that for you. I'm.

I'm happy to sh that's why we gave spinning to the world you guys know what spinning is right. Yeah spinning was uh another one of those. Universal wakeup calls again. I don't want to.

I don't want to get off track oh you don't know what spinning is we'll talk about that when we come back from our break um let's go on to the. Next piece what was. I talking about oh. So that's the six phase protocol resistance removal if somebody tells you they don't want to do something what they're experiencing many times is reactants any attempt that you make to rhetorically argue them into submission may result may result in them giving you the verbage and in in basically brow beating them into uh agreement.

But you will generate all sorts of passive aggression aggressive behaviors all sorts of resistance to it. So here's the here's the underlying secret to this whenever you want to begin to generate the most powerful reason a person can have for doing something they don't want to do is their own write that down the most powerful and compelling reason a person can have for doing something they don't want to do is their own here's another principle that goes along with the the protocol. I'm going to. I'm going to teach you the rationalization that gets defended gets reinforced understand that the rationale that a person is forced to defend becomes stronger that's why in.

NLP they teach you never ever ever ask why questions why based questions activate the part of your neurology that generates rationalizations from a neurolinguistic standpoint wrong kind of information okay. So let me give you an example. So you know let's see how how do what's the what's the cleanest way to do this. I think.

I'll give you the steps and. Then. I'll. I'll kind of flesh out an example for you and you can see how it applies.

So the. First thing that has to happen when most people are trying to be convinced into doing something what they actually are undergoing are attacks on their sense of personal autonomy or. Freedom any attack on your sense of personal freedom your your your your ability to self-direct your life generates reactants now if you've read uh. Robert chini's book.

Psychology or influence the psychology of persuasion he talks a lot about um scarcity and reactants and and things like that. I highly highly recommend you pick up that book. Again we don't have all the time to go into the the subject material the rationale that a person is forced to defend gets reinforced if that's true. Then we need to cause them to generate a rationale for them to reinforce that is in harmony with what we want them to do.

So the. First. But the. First thing you have to do thinking is rationalization right.

There's a there's there's a level of thinking where we talk about the wise the justification for doing what we do or thinking the way we think. But. Then there's the process how are those thoughts built and that's what. NLP wants to spend most of its time doing because if we can attack or or modify the structure that our thoughts are built from.

Then we can change everything else automatically right. It's kind of like um if you're watching a movie on television you turn the volume down well you haven't changed the story you've changed the structural component of the experience if you're watching a movie and you turn the brightness knob until liit screen whites out completely you have a much different experience of that storyline than if the screen were clear that's what. NLP is doing most of the time is it's going to the. Next level uh the foundational level of how we've built those thoughts that we're thinking right.

How we think is much more important than what we think the rational that yeah the rational that gets defended gets reinforced when you are creating we call this the autonomization because the. First thing you have to do is restore a person's sense of right. To choose you have to completely validate their point of view and their freedom to choose to do to not do what you've asked them to do. So.

I might say something to the effect of let's say someone's coming to me for smoke cessation. I say you know what. I get it you know because most people come to to to quit smoking aren't really there for them they're there because somebody's brow beating them uh into that particular uh visit. So.

I'll say you know what. I get that you may not want to uh you know you may want to quit smoking and. I'm totally cool with that it's your choice. I'm going to support you either way if you want to actually work with me on something else other than why they those people forced you to come here.

I'm cool with that if you want to leave. I'm cool with that too it's your choice. I honor that. I'm.

I'm here for you. But. I am curious about something if you were to want to quit smoking for you why might you want to do that see what. I just did there stage one restore their sense of personal autonomy and.

Then just. So. I understand you better that's what we call a softener we'll talk about s if we have time we'll talk about softeners a little bit. Later softeners are one of those nuclear powered ninja conversational hypnosis techniques that makes everything work a thousand times better and nobody ever talks about it except.

Kenrick um. So. I get it whatever you want to do. I'm going to support that 100%.

So. I'm curious if you were to want to stop smoking for your own reasons why might you want to do that pay attention because the moment they say you ask that question they're going to generate a ration okay. It's just a justification it may have nothing to do with what's capital. T true.

But whatever comes out of their mouth you agree with and you. Echo you agree with it and you. Echo and as much as you can support it watch their facial expressions they're expecting you to argue right. Once you see that the.

Next thing that's going to happen is you look. At them and you say. So. I'm curious on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that what and repeat back whatever the words were that they used as close to verbatim as you can as close to verbatim as you can they're going to give you a number and they're already they're already in their head anticipating what you're going to say.

Next which is what really screws them up because the. Next thing that comes out of your they're going to give you let's say they say well it's a a four right. Four awesome. So.

I have a question for you and. Then and right. In and at at this time in their mind they go no. I know what you're gonna ask me you go.

I'm curious about something why didn't you rate it less why. So much why do you want that. So bad and you'll see them go what they'll literally do a double take and like and you'll see the eyes. Go back and forth and they'll say well and they'll start to give you a reason why and in the act of giving you the reason why they rated it what they rated it their desire to do it will go up and yes.

The the the protocol is derived from. Michael. Pan's book. Instant influence.

I think. I've mentioned that several times. But here's the cool part is it. VI because of the way way the neurology works you can even use this on pain or.

V sorry. V you can. I've actually use this to take people's pain away it's a neurological phenomena that was discovered through. Linguistics.

But actually has a much deeper neurological impact okay. And some of the videos will'll release. Later on these are from my master class. A couple years back.

I literally had like three people in my class same time all suffering from tenus and within 20 minutes of of just compounding the uh the autonomization you can still find that out there actually it's still floating around um. So the thing is is the moment you have them rate it now they've. Quantified it uh. Michael pantelon was the author of instant influence very good book.

Highly highly recommend you pick it up um and. Then uh and. Then why didn't you rate it less oh that gets them every time now depending on what they answer you may have to. Chunk.

Up or chunk down you know to something smaller that they're willing to do like for instance um if you get somebody who's coming to you and again. I'm using. I'm using clinical examples. But it doesn't have to be it could be it could be um a custody battle or child support payment you know or they said um you know someone might say.

I don't you know. I don't want. Jesse to spend more than two weekends a month with you and maybe you want three or maybe there's a special a special occasion that you want to take her for that doesn't fall within your uh your agreement and you say look. I get that that you you don't want me to have you know her on or him on such and such a date.

I. I. I get that it's and it's your right. And.

I support your parent your parental rights. But just. So. I understand you better and again um if it would help me out if you were to want to let her come over and and and and go on that trip why might you want to do that why might that be cool right.

And wait she'll come up with something and you agree you say thank you thank you for that and uh you know just. So. I you know just. I'm just from my edification you know on a scale of.

Z to 10 how much might you be willing to do that or wanting to do that and they'll give you a number and oh excellent. I'm surprised why. So much you know what what how come you feel. So strongly about that and they're.

GNA they're going to give you a rationalization in the act of generating the rationale they are defending their po. Viewpoint and in the process of. Defending it the desire to do it gets stronger does that make sense the. Final close the.

Final close is it's one of two things what's the. Next step we need to take if any to move that forward and whatever it is guess what you do you agree with it. I do it. However big or small the step is.

Echo it back agree with it build on it wash rinse repeat okay. Questions on it and. Then it got very quiet uh. John do you have it this should be in your killer influence videos um how can you get it it's in your videos too much to process all right.

You guys ready to learn how to go from uh interesting information to. Unstoppable influence in. Persuasion all right. So let me explain to you a little bit about where.

I'm coming from in terms of what. I wanted for this webinar see this was my. First webinar and. I.

I am. So grateful for all of you that. I just. I just thinking to myself.

I know a lot of you because of your your lifestyle where you. I know. Clara like lives in. Australia for.

God's sakes and a bunch of you are from all over the world. I know deesh. I think deesh is are you coming. I somebody else never mind um.

Pittsburgh um. I wanted to. I wanted. I sat back and.

I thought to myself all right. How how can. I get all these people the results that they want the way they want it fast and of course my answer is always live events coming to you know people ask me all the time they say. David what's the best way to learn this they said is it videos is it is it your home study courses.

I look. At them and. I say live live events trainings. But that's a problem for a lot of people because traveling out to.

San. Diego which is where. I hold the vast majority of my vents it's not an easy trip for some people. So.

I sat back and. I thought i' think to myself well okay. How can. I how can.

I really really really thank everybody and help everybody for just supporting me you guys have been awesome. I mean. I know that sounds weird. But.

I'm one of the most grateful son of a on the planet. I'm not a humble dude don't get me wrong. I have a. I have a ego the size of.

Texas right. But. I am grateful. I call it leadership lessons.

I learned from. Elvis um because you never hear. Elvis talking bad about a client or or or a fan or whatever um. So.

I thought. I sat back and. I said okay. Well if.

I were going to design a program right. For them that was you know that would get them everything that you guys wrote in about and more how would. I do it what would. I do it and on a scale of zero to 10 how much might.

I want to do that you know um and. So here's what. I came up with and uh stick around while. I go through this because.

I'm actually going to uh explain a lot of what this is going. I. I've called this the optimum persuasion training pathway and. I realized that not everyone was going to be able to to to come out and and do live events.

So. I looked at you know what's it what do. I have in my archives you heard me you know. I was talking to.

John you heard me talking about it's in this program or in that program or that program or this program and. I started thinking to myself based on the questions. I was getting today you know what would if. I could put together a series of trainings and deliver it what would give people the absolute biggest bang for their.

Buck they'd never need to come see me again unless they really wanted to uh and. So this is what. I came up with. I'm gonna just run through it tell me what you think uh and.

I'll and. I'll explain it as. I go um. So this is the exact training regimen.

I would give to somebody who uh is on the webinar tonight now let me let me let me let me preface this real quick one of the things that. I tell all my live students who come to me is that before you you jump into any program and you can ask the people on in the chat room this is true. I'll. I'll hand out my offer sheets or or my product catalog like two days before the end of the training and.

I'll say don't before you you jump into anything talk to me. First because depending on what you want to do and the outcomes that you've expressed you may have a different training pathway through my. Live. Events or my products and.

So work with me and. I will give you the optimum training funnel for you. So you can get the results you want in the shortest amount of time possible now obviously. I can't do that for 450 people at the same time.

So. I sat back and. I looked at the vast majority of questions. I was getting uh where they all.

I did kind of like my. Mastermind where. I look. At all the.

Connecting. Threads and. I create the lesson plan right. On the spot and.

Then. I boom. I present it in that in that format and by the way we're going to be opening up our uh our. NLP power.

Mastermind virtually we're working out the technology now. But for those of you who want to do virtual work with me in a semi-private mentoring program is not that expensive in terms of how like aot a lot of other people run their programs we're not ready that yet um. So and we may actually bonus that along with some things. I'm going to talk about.

So that's kind of the mindset. I had when. I when. I put this together.

So this is what. I got and here's what it's here's what. I want to do for you um. So this is the exact training regimen that.

I would have prescribed somebody uh if you were at a live event um hold on to this and the. First one. I would talk about is uh killer influence this is a video course secrets of uh covert hypnotic influence killer influence is how can. I describe it it is the complete manual on social hypnotic engineering it is an expansion on this on the six-stage.

CPI model we talked about. So it takes you through the entire conversational hypnosis training protocol the universal persuasion protocol and. Then it takes your study makes you. Unstoppable that gives you all the state control training all the self-directed transfer training that you would need for vibrational influence which is an advanced course and.

Then it takes you into the realm of hypnotic operators it teaches you how to how to speedread people it teaches you social hypnosis social hypnotic operators proxemic hypnotic operators uh there's a section there. I call dirty rotten tricks which are. Advanced persuasion strategies that are very very uh they're a little on the they're a little gray for lack of a better word um how many videos is that it's about 17. I think 17 videos plus a 200 plus page manual it's huge uh yeah.

Elijah has it um and and it also goes to into the cold reading cold reading meta programs uh it the binder is huge. I mean it's just it's just massive amount of information uh it even and that the particular version. I'm giving you actually has information that. I have never taught since.

Then um there's a there's a segment in there uh we call the uh magic mirror which is understanding metaph frames at and and frame control at a whole different level. So that is a great course and it's designed for beginner to take you to beginner to expert in just the shortest amount of time possible you could spend years on that and uh it will just it's just awesome. But. I didn't stop there.

I also added into this this process uh another another uh two-day training that. I did called rapid attraction. Secrets now a lot of you asked about relationship stuff in 2005. I was with one of the top 10 uh attraction in seduction.

Experts of the. Year by by. Art of approaching and seduction layer.com. I did that not because.

I could go out and and just you know have them you know like on fish on a hook. It was because of my ability to create such deep lasting fulfilling romantic experiences with people that people just did not want they would just fall in love and they would just want to to be with me um pretty much forever. So. I had to learn how to to juggle multiple long-term relationships now.

I've evolved. But the the the the power and the and the skills in. Rapid attraction. Secrets will teach you everything a lot of people asked about approaching now the thing about rapid attraction.

Secrets is that it was designed for for both men and women uh in fact on an earlier version of. Rapid attraction. Secrets. I literally had a a very very uh wonderful woman uh in her late 40s early 50s who was a literally a rocket scientist she came to the class learned the the skills uh and went out and literally uh put the whammy on the guy running the front desk who was 10 years younger than her and dated for quite some time until he found until he he revealed his true colors and um she found better she found better opportunities.

But when. I say it's it was designed for both genders. I mean that. So this particular course had an all male audience.

But. I do have another version that if you got if you ladies want that. I will actually add that to this rapid attraction secrets and you can have both courses and it's a full it goes from completely cold approaches using three magic questions a lot of you asked about that all the way up to romantic engagement and things like that. So it's really really good it's a it's a full two-day training and the people in the class literally went out like those nights and came back with tremendous field reports uh about their experiences about how created very long very powerful very lasting relationships.

So you know killer influence we retail that on the site for 1497 rapid attraction secrets we retail for $12.97 for those of you who asked about business applications um and reason. I'm doing this is killer influence is like the. Core. Curriculum with a bunch of other power amplifiers in it rapid attraction.

Secrets is where we go with the killer influence stuff or without it if we you just did it uh just a rapid attraction. Secrets you'd be awesome. But going into the romantic areas you know improving your relationship coming uh and how to create become the most fascinating person in in a man or woman's life and and linking that to you in such a way that they just want to see you and be with you more and more and more. So if you like.

Echo technique three magic questions you want to criterian values uh body language skills the seven stages of. Attraction which we talk about in. Renegade romance it's all in there the whole system is right. There for people with business applications um the stealth selling.

Secrets model is by far one of our highest rated programs utilizing the killer influence and. CPI systems for the express purpose of uh selling marketing and business applications when. I talk about selling marketing and business applications. I'm talking about everything from mediation uh.

Vader jury selection uh negotiation uh a lot of people um have used this who are in the actually the. Home. Improvement field of all places and are going out in just 40 you know 20 40% bumps in their closing rates and improving sales. So if you do any kind of sales any kind of presenting.

Venture capitalists uh you know pitching to anything this is uh probably one of the most powerful courses you can have it was designed as an extra breakout for our killer influence course. So um you'll see my good friend. James. C2 doing what he does best now for those of you who don't know who.

James is call him my corporate seduction specialist uh he's actually a recruiter for. Fortune 500 companies. So he lit his job is literally to pick up the phone and seduce a highlevel. CEO out of one company and into another who has no.

Has expressed no. Interest in moving whatsoever. So. James is brilliant at what he does um he's fun and uh tremendous tremendous value for that that we to retail that for 297 were asking about clearing up best program that is our self-mastery supercharger we normally retail that between anywhere between 497 and 297 um that's 13 videos 13 videos um and it takes you through the entire identity by.

Design. Silo which is how to clean up your how to um uh reprogram your past expunge all the negativity install the qualities traits and characteristics of people you admire uh change the voice in your head. So that you they only build you up instead of tearing you down when. I when over and over again what we find is that the voices in our head are the are the are the parts that do the most damage and uh the the segments in in that particular course just nuke those internal dialogues and create a powerful powerful resource if you've ever seen our pillars of power uh clip on.

YouTube that's actually taken from uh one of the uh the identity by. Design courses where which is where the self-mastery supercharger comes from time and time again we get asked about anchoring anchoring is one of the most powerful um processes you can use. NLP likes it a lot uh. I have my own thoughts about anchoring uh when people ask about anchoring this is usually the video we point them at.

I don't create anchors. So much as. I steal them uh human beings have thousands literally thousands of personal anchors that they're you they're accessing constantly when they communicate and if you know how to observe a person um you can figure out very very quickly where those anchors are utilize them to to literally s trigger emotional states in them okay. I don't spend as much time in the.

NLP style of of anchoring which is used like as resources for eliminating phobias and things like that. I have other things. I think work better um. But anchoring is a powerful powerful tool and a lot of people it's good to know how to do it um and.

So you can actually build on that foundation and work into like spatial anchoring and tonal anchoring things that you would do in a presentation or in a courtroom or from the stage uh in fact we have whole courses on on how to do this stuff from the stage that we'll talk about. Later on one of the other more popular videos that we have for people who like to clear uh is energy hypnosis speed healing a lot of people were asking about my uh my spinning technique and some of the more advanced stuff that we do uh this particular training. I think this is actually the one uh where. I actually use the resistance removal formula to take somebody's pain away if.

I if it's the same video uh not only am. I teaching spinning in this one. I'm also uh utilizing the conversational framework to get rid of her back pain. So the total value if we were to buy all this on the site it would cost you about 3,582 bucks um.

But for people who are on the call today uh we've got a special price you can get all all this stuff everything the uh the killer influence 17 video course the rapid attraction secret steell selling. Secrets self. Mastery supercharger anchors and action uh energy hypnosis and speed healing onetime payment one time installment of 9.97 or if you prefer. I know some people are you know sometimes cash is a little little challenging um we can break that down into three installments of 3.99 uh.

Brendan's going to give you a link right. Now and uh for those for the. Next. I think it's 50 people who jump on this.

I got something really really cool for you if you were to actually come to my killer influence live training which is a 4-day event uh if you have some of these we'll sub them out with something else. William um to come to my my my 4-day event is a huge huge investment the training alone is $2,663 plus the four days of. Hotel plus the uh the food plus the travel. So for anybody who jumps into my ultimate persuasion package today.

I like to call it my. Mond supro. I. Want.

It. All package. I'm going to give you a free. VIP ticket to my killer influence live 2017 4-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp absolutely free you can use it yourself it's in.

San. Diego. Christopher it'll be it'll be. August uh 3 fourth 5th.

Second. Third fourth and fifth here in. San. Diego uh.

Brandon's going to give you the link. I can only do that for like the. First 50 people there's like 400 and some people in the call. So if it's something you want jump in um and uh the link is now live in your area.

I guess okay. So that's what. I got. I hope you like it um do.

I have it's interesting question. Gerardo yeah actually. I've done actually. I've actually had to do two extra systems earlier in my life go for it and use these this is why.

I gave them to you um. I want you to don't believe anything. I told you go out and use it prove this to yourself and when you're ready to come back for more click the link you know um. So what.

I'll do is um. I'll while you guys are are handling whatever it is you got to handle uh. I'll be happy to field some questions if people have those um and we'll go from there how do you get a very shy person to open up great question mirror their physiology. Echo their words and genuinely want to connect with them right.

Get them to laugh use three magic questions um the expiration for this particular for people on this call is 24 hours um the uh the the ticket to killer influence live is uh is limited to the. First 50 people. So as soon as we hit 50 it's going to go away. So.

I recommend if you know you can do it do it right. Find a way to make it happen. I want to see you. I want to work with you.

I want to give you the feedback you need mentioned getting a client yeah absolutely well again the whole idea is if you've if you've. Julie if you've targeted their. Criterion values effectively they can't not want to buy if for some reason um you're getting a lot of resistance chances are you haven't you haven't leaned on that criteria or linked it strongly one of the problems that happens with. Criterion values is that um we don't drill down to the emotional level now if.

I had to spent all the time. Drilling down on the hierarchy of criteria we'd still be on that and we wouldn't be got into any of the other things we talked about like resistance removal uh and things like that. But the secret is really you have to ask the question the the magic criteria question. Julie is what's important about.

X if they change their mind at the. Last minute chances are we miss something in the intake. But remember if some if a client's saying no. After you've shown them categorically at an emotional level that um this can help them demonstrated it to them in a certain way and they bail at the.

Last minute now you're looking at a self-esteem issue you're looking at a deserving this issue nine times out of ten more often than not when we say. I can't afford this or um that's not worth it or what we're really saying is. I'm not worth it you know and you have to remember if you've if you've if you've genuinely you know caringly and love my job let me put this out there. I one of my mentors was a woman named.

Lisa sasich and she is just brilliant. I have some of the best women teachers ever um. But one of the things that that. Lisa taught me was that when you make an offer and.

I'm. I'm directing this at. Julie. But it's at anybody who who offers a package or any kind of service um where they have to ask for it my job when.

I make an offer whether it's you know a personal session or like. I. I just did now isn't to uh make you say yes. My job is just to get you to make a decision one way or the other thank you.

Al. Alex got the package he's in or she's in. I can't wait to work with you you're. G to be fun um.

So my job is to help them make a decision if they say yes. Then. I can help them. Then if they if they don't say yes.

Then what are they gonna do instead right. I mean think about it what are they. GNA do instead and by the way the uh in the word instead is one of those secret ninja words that that uh can completely completely change a person physiologically as well as as psychologically uh there are. So many words that have.

So much power in them it's just how they're used uh. But the bottom line is when someone says no. They're not saying no. To you especially especially if you've taken the time to find out from them what it is that they actually want you've linked thank you.

John welcome aboard brother you've linked what they most want the aspects of your product or service that most fully satisfy their checklist in a way that they recognize it that's why the checklist is. So important it's one thing to talk about their cran values it's another thing to keep them fully connected to it that. Mo using their words and the aspects of your product or service that fulfill it is why you be careful that you can actually fulfill what you're promising um the criteria. Mo values elicitation and linkage process generates tremendous tremendous loyalty almost fanatical actually uh in the people that you use it with just the act of eliciting it generates report the problem that we have times is we stop somehow using or linking those criteria and values with it and uh and that's and we start lapsing into features and benefits we start thinking what we think they want to hear rather than what has just come out of their mouth literally create it at this point can often be the kiss of death in terms of getting people to want to go forward sometimes what actually happens and again.

I don't know that this is the case with you. Julie uh. But a lot of times what happens with some people is they can deliver the service they can talk about the service no. Problem.

But when it actually comes time to ask for the sale to ask for the commitment um we we become somebody else we get nervous uh and that that momentary hesitation that congruity creates that that that little snag in the smooth flow of their decision-making process the other thing that we have to look. At when we're talking about offering we're going to cover this um. I don't see. Last names.

So this might be. I don't know if this is my. Julie from. New.

York that's coming to see me in. April or not uh when we teach hypnotic attraction secret or hypnotic presentation skills uh one of the things we make a distinction in is the difference between pressure and tension what you see when you go to a lot of pitch fests is what we call. T. I they're are buy are buying pressure actually they're generating a tremendous buy my product buy my product buy my product buy my product and people will respond to that obviously because they've been doing it for for years.

But what you want to learn to generate in your clients is buying tension there you build up a tremendous tremendous desire for the product that at some point they just can't not do it and and and what you will feel as as that build product up you'll see that hesitation in them just let it build um because you can't help them until they make a decision and that's the secret your job isn't to be concerned whether they say yes. Or whether they say no. Your job is simply to guide them to a decision if that decision is yes. Great you can help them if that decision is no.

Then you have to ask him another question what are you gonna do instead right. But that all presupposes you've categorically demonstrated that you can fulfill it. Bashar thank you for coming actually chis about. SP.

Spanish is yes. You're right. The the. Linguistics of it uh can be a little weird in some in some.

Lang pattern unless some poetry if you want to sound like a poet you can use some of the adverb adjective precepts and they'll sound very weird poetry is one of the most hypnotic uh phenomena we linguistically that we generate yes. We're gonna have lots of notes um and hopefully a replay at some point um. But yeah some of the language patterns some of the language patterns um need to be tweaked a little bit depending on what your language is and. I'll teach you in killer influence which on because there's not that many have you set up a personal uh when you want to set up a personal it's in yeah in s.

San. Diego 2017. I will send you an email with all the locations dates uh accommodations things like that thank you. Tim thank you for coming out.

I'm. Glad. You. Came.

I'm glad you're enjoying the the webinar uh if people are gonna hang around a little while um while you're you know waiting in line to do whatever as you're doing um we'll do some if people want to do some clearing stuff. I'll run you through a little induction after. I answer questions yes. I need more coffee me too um let's see where we at um.

So yeah. Criterion values. Echo technique keep them linked to what they say they want uh and the secret to this this is what. Kenrick taught me was the longer you keep them linked using their words uh to their.

Criterion value the more they tend to do business with you out of default um. I did a. I did a consult with a a group of. Realtors out in um.

Florida and uh. I actually did the uh the. Criterion values presentation process and. I don't do real estate.

But. I understand human beings and they were floored by how rapidly they just wanted to buy and that's the secret. I did this at the. First time actually.

I one of the toughest audiences. I ever had was actually in. Israel um and. I was teaching the echo technique and.

I had this one gentleman in the audience. I was and they brought me out there to teach three different groups of people they wanted me to teach the the the. VPS of the company they wanted me to teach the. R&D people and they wanted me to teach the customer service people and the the.

R&D people were the funniest because their idea of customer service was read the manual right. Um and they would all come in and this was their pose. So. I'm.

I'm teaching the uh. I'm teaching the echo technique and one guy looks at me he's like incensed he's. IR he goes. I don't believe it and.

I go you don't believe it he goes no. I don't believe it. I said you don't believe it he goes no. I said what is it you don't believe.

I don't believe that would work you don't believe that would work and for the. Next five minutes everything that came out of his mouth. I echoed it right. Back and he never caught it and everyone around him caught it and after about five or six minutes of letting him hoist himself on his own pretard.

I looked at him and. I said sir do you realize that all. I've been doing for the. Last five or six minutes is is giving your own words back to you now.

I don't know if you've ever seen like the the. Yus. Sam cartoons uh where like he has too much hot sauce you just see the the red till it like the red completely fills him up and steam comes out of his ears that was this guy and he gets this this dis depressed disheartened look. On his face he looks at me and he goes and he looks at his friends like is that really true.

Did did that just happen he goes he goes are we really. So stupid and. I looked at him and. I said no.

No. You're not stupid you're selfish every. Neurology on the planet is selfish and you can always count on that every. Neurology on the planet is projecting its internal.

World onto the outer. World searching desperately for a match to that checklist and the moment the moment you see the fit the moment you you record you you perceive that there's a match you cling to it and you hold on to it because it feels right. It feels natural and it's natural to go along with that we don't want to give that up we all go through our lives desperate for that kind of connection that kind of belongingness it's a fundamental feeling that drives our. Behavior it's a feeling we want more of does that make sense right.

Um as long as people as far as negotiating peace in the. Middle. East as long as people are actually willing to negotiate are willing to to to to move on certain things yeah. I think.

So. I think. I don't know that. I would be the one to do it you know.

But you know human beings have things they want my job is to show you how to get it what is the vibrational influence course and how does it expound on the skills learn in killer influence killer the driver behind. CPI and killer influence is physiological. State control the ability to go into any psychoemotional state on demand link that state or link your physiology to another human beings and transmit it proprioceptively into them and cause their neurology the feelings in their body and their perceptual filters to change that's fundamental to. CPI and killer influence vibrational influence begins to to teach you how to.

Leverage that connection in much more powerful and expanded ways everything from remote viewing to remote influence um a lot of if you've ever seen any of kenrick's dark side stuff where he's teaching you all these different constructs that you can use to exert psychic influence if. I don't like to use that word um. It's. All.

Pro in my world it's all propri receptive and. Mir neuron uh facilitated um yeah very much energetic. I'm. I'm a.

Chang master. I have a ninth degree black belt in the martial arts. I do all that stuff. But in my world that stuff becomes less reliable if you don't have.

State control and self-directed transor down and because it's such a fundamental physiological driver to the influence that. I teach the better you get at it at a mundane real world street level that you can do it consistently and automatically whenever the faster and more powerful you'll be when you start to exert uh you start to exert influence on uh on a on a vibrational energetic level if you've heard of me talk about things like sphere of influence or. Tom bini's uh sphere of smurfing these are all examples of vibrational influence they're extensions of developing a neurology that can extend. I suspect you don't have full control over yourself.

I knew. Seth was on who was going to say something um the idea is that once we can influence a person once we can control our own. State we can leverage that influence and generate a reflection of it in somebody else. But because the person having it perceives it as being internally generated they act on it as if it's their own and uh and.

So it gives tremendous amplitude and push to our persuasion techniques and behaviors it it redirects the perceptual filters it redirects the direction the current of the body and mind is moving. So they're far more likely and predisposed to parsing our information um the way that we've we want them to go without us having to you know micromanage them well absolutely if you're lucky if you can do that absolutely awesome uh are you talking about empathy. I used to call it empathic empathic influence. But it's not just the ability to to send it it's about the ability to perceive it and read it uh and we actually have exercises where we teach you how to send emotions back and forth and they get progressively more challenging we had one we had one uh we had one training where people were literally sending movies back and forth to each other it was funny if you're not happy with steal selling secrets.

I'll give you your money back right. Um. I don't have a problem with that. I stand behind everything.

I do um always have right. Which has caused people to take advantage of me in the past. But you know what that's just to doing business um. So yeah what other questions do we have what is the best book.

On appropri receptive system that you know that's a good question. I actually have one book. On propriate reception. I haven't finished reading yet it says that it actually implies that the neurology has a um its own internal nervous system it actually has a kind of a brain of its own uh.

But. I'd say. I think. G had it when he says heartmath.org is probably the um the best the best source for for that kind of stuff right.

Now. I like a lot of. Scott sonnen's work on um uh he has one on. Peak.

Performance where he talks about a lot of the propri reception things how do we control our state thees there's two ways you control your state one is through your willpower which is uh usually the least effective way uh and. Then there's through your physiy ol in your breathing pattern which is usually the most um bulletproof way because regardless of what's going on around you unless you're physically tied into a specific posture the moment you change your posture in your breathing pattern uh all of your perceptual filters and emotional states uh change the science behind that goes back to and. G's right. There again he's transcribed most of my.

YouTube videos. So if you see a transcript floating around on. YouTube uh thank. G he's the one who actually taking the time to write all that stuff down um the the.

Ted. Talk power poses by. Amy cudy is uh probably the best research on how to actually uh change your state using physiology we've gone well beyond what what the science is showing us. But um.

But in terms of things that you can test and prove and and show the the the stats on um the amydala controls your fear response it it's a it's it's connected to your your lyic system and it can be it can be in fact. Systema actually uh teaches you how to retrain the amigdala and reprogram your your responses. So yeah. AB any deeply emotional response the virtual.

Mastermind um the virtual. Mastermind is an extension of my live. Mastermind um in 2010 uh when. I started doing meetups again back out here.

I uh. I got people who came up to me after each after each. Meetup and they would say how can. I learn more how can can can.

I get certified by you and. I would look. At them and. I'd say '.

No. In fact. I refus to certify people for years years in fact uh it wasn't it wasn't until. James.

C2 who you see in. St selling. Secrets pulled me aside and said. David you got to start certifying people because everybody's coming to you they're getting trained and they're going get certification from other people and.

Then these people are claiming that they trained them um and there's there's a long sorted story behind that. But the. Mastermind was my way of saying. Okay.

Who wants to get good at this without getting certified and uh it's a pretty unique. Concept in that and. I'm. I'm just doing this for the benefit of people who don't know what the.

Mastermind is uh the mastermine is a private group mentoring program. I get together with uh a handful of people on the. Third. Saturday of every month and.

I literally. I literally go around the room and. I say what do you want to learn today. Das cash.

Stewart what do you want to learn today. Christopher what do you you want to learn today. Janice what do you learn today and. I write them all up on the wall.

I look. At the. Connecting. Threads and.

I generate that lesson plan right. On the spot thank you for coming out um and what we do is for the. Next four hours. I drill you on those specific skills until you can do them in your sleep there's no.

Certification it's all the ifications of non-stop. Hands-On. Drilling and. Skilling and uh you go out into the world when you're done and you apply your skills you come back the.

Next month if you want to and. I asked the same thing deesh what do you want to learn. Janice what do you learn. Christopher what do you want to learn.

Stuart what do you want to learn. G what do you want to learn and. I we watch. Rin repeat every month.

So there's a lot of overlap good night. William um there's a lot of overlap from one month to the. Next. But it's all designed to give you the exact skills you need to go get the result you want that day uh we've been doing that non-stop since 2010 it's now 2017 uh it hasn't stopped.

I'll be there. Janice. I'll be there in in uh. June uh.

June 21st through the 25th in. Peterboro. So if you're around uh stop by um we and we've been at people been after me for they're they're listed on the. NLP power website what we are going to do uh.

I was. I was talking with. Brandon about this today that um we have some final tweaks that we need to do. But what we're going to do for people who want to get extra.

Hands-On training uh we're going to open up a virtual. Mastermind it will probably be held in conjunction uh with my. Saturday live group. So everybody's together um and we'll we'll set the it it's not like a it's it's it's it's like a subscription.

So you can you can come in for a month or a year or two years and it's just renewed monthly you can quit any time. I don't. I don't charge this m like a lot of people do these like $20,000 masterminds. I'm not.

I'm not doing that for this group. I may do it for other things. But. But not for this one this one's too close to my heart.

So uh we yes. We did change the dates for. Peterboro we changed that like three weeks ago um. So for people who want to get in on that use it as a supplement and troubleshoot certain things that they're getting in their courses or in their personal life.

Then uh you know that will open that up let's clear up not having big money for big learning. Next stop. New. York.

City okay. Could outside. USA join yes. That the problem that we're having.

Janice and and again this goes back to my commitment see my see. I'm a martial artist. I've been a martial artist since like for 15 years and the one thing. I've always been terrified about is putting out a student who sucks because it's my name on their certificate uh who or who can't perform.

So. I'm. I'm adamant. I am adamant about hand hands on.

I am adamant about getting on the floor doing the drills and getting the skills uh and. So one of the reasons. I've held off on doing a virtual. Mastermind for.

So long is. I have no. Way to guarantee you get the. Hands-On which you need.

I demand it if you come to my my. Live. Events um we do three times more. Hands-On than any other trainer in the industry and you start fixing problems from day one.

I mean. I. I literally. I literally throw you in the soup uh until you can do this backwards forwards sideways because a.

I don't want you to fail. B. I don't want you to suck because it's my name and your certificate. So it's entirely ego- driven.

So. I love and the other thing of course. Janice is the time frame you know is is you know can we do the time zones. So what we do for people who are in the live.

Mastermind is we video record every single uh training since 2010 it's archived on the. NLP power website in fact we're backlogged with getting stuff uploaded we're constantly uploading new stuff. So anybody who's in. The.

Mastermind gets unlimited access to the entire seven years of video it's all there you can if you don't mind waiting through the dead spots um you can watch seven years of of people training and learning and discussing everything from from marketing to hypnotherapy to neurolinguistics to energetics um and all points in between pickup seduction it's all there um if you wanted to learn it and it was in my skill set we taught it and because of people asking me all these different things and. I have to put it all together. I got really good at finding out how things fit how things work synergistically. So.

I. D. I gained a tremendous amount out of it. So.

I do. I a lot of the reason. I keep it. Al low is to keep people in to keep a steady a steady stream of people coming in.

So. I can play and learn how to do do things better. So that's why. I do what.

I do um. So if you can get around the uh the need to have practice. Partners if you can if you can bring somebody that that that will play with you during the virtual sessions and you're willing to access you know sometimes you might have to get up at 2 o'clock in the morning to actually take part in a live event which isn't cool uh for some people some people don't mind it um or if you mind just watching the videos as they become available um you'll be able to participate those are the things that we're working those are the things that we're working on right. Now we'll iron out those bugs.

But a lot of people have actually joined the. The. Mastermind virtually and. I send out an email uh about a week or.

So before every session asking the people virtually what it is they want to learn and they're the. First things. I read uh when. I do the when.

I do the opening to the masterm. So that their questions get answered and as soon as we post them you can get uh you can get your questions answered and get the drills you need to to get good at that. So. I hope that answers the the.

UK questions and stuff like that uh hor. I just started your stealth hypnosis is great once. I finish. I will definitely continue cool thank you.

Jorge is it. Jorge or. George what do you prefer give me a phonetic spelling uh what's your take on. Darren.

Brown uh like. Darren. Brown don't trust him um and what. I mean by that is you have to understand that.

Darren is really really good at at the skills he has. But big butt he's an. Entertainer he's design his job is to deceive you and. So while a lot of his his his stuff is legitimate.

NLP or hypnosis you never know what's a shill and what's not we all know reality television isn't real okay. Um. So. I get a lot of questions about.

Darren. I. I love watching his stuff uh he a lot of his stuff is based on. Prof on valid psychological hypnotic principles.

But you don't know what you're getting when you when you when you watch his videos and. So that's my that's my take on it. I love his stuff don't trust it do. I recommend all of.

Swing cat's material as much as you can tolerate yes. Especially his early stuff uh his early stuff was was much more um field driven. I. I haven't.

I haven't talked to to swing cat in probably six or seven years. So. I don't know some. Beyond like sexual vibing or uh.

I don't really know what he's doing. I haven't followed him that much. But you got to remember. So much of what what swing cat derived translates directly into any form of social influence any form of negotiation mediation uh frame control in fact.

Orin kap's book. Pitch anything. I think is a direct steal from swing cat's early word even the terminologies thank you an thank you. Janice.

I'm glad you enjoyed it uh. So for those of you who are still hanging around how many people want to clear some all right. All right. So here's uh now.

I got to warn you all right. Um. I can't see you. So that means that my timing is going to be unique to me if as.

I guide you through these processes. I'm going a little too fast that's okay. Take your time your unconscious will catch up finish your processing and just move forward at your own natural pace if for some mysterious reason we should uh lose connectivity which. I don't think we will because this has been a rock solid connection the whole uh the whole time uh.

I want you to close your eyes. For me if we should lose connection you will finish whatever process you're in you'll come out of. Trance long enough for us to reestablish connection and you'll go back into trance. So we can continue with the.

Next part of our process. So let's go ahead close your eyes. For me take a deep breath in ah ah take it uh let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take into.

Every. Beat of your heart all. I want you to do my friends is just relax let go listen to the sound of my voice now any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of your environment or mine they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce the fact that you're completely safe and no. Matter how far inside you travel no.

Matter how deep inside your mind body and soul you go you'll always be able to hear my words follow my instructions and obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything. I do is for you to give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And. I'd like you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids. I'd like you to relax them more and more and more until they're.

So relaxed. So fully completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without tensing them back up again and when you know you've got them that relaxed go ahead and give them a little test just to be sure and. Then when you're done stop testing let that level of relaxation flow top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart just let go now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind as deeply as we've relaxed your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to begin to ask you to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter.

Z with each and. Every. Breath. You.

Take and each and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're done you're as completely relaxed in mind as you are in body just remain quiet for a while and. I'll tell you where we're going.

Next smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume down down down down now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna ask. I'm.

GNA give you a choice of something. I want you in a moment to either sort back through your memories or if you prefer just go deeply into your imagination to a time and a place where you felt the most safe the most protected where all your needs were being satisfied in exactly the way that was appropriate to your checklist now for some of you you may need to go back into your imagination for others there may be a place in your childhood in your earlier life that fits that bill precisely. However you do it in whatever way that's most right. And natural for you is okay.

Now many people's safe places take on various flavors depending on where they grow up and how some people's safe places are places where they grow up other people's safe places places in nature sandy beaches. Mountain. Toops caves. Forest glends.

Meadows others are more spiritual or religious in nature. Temple a church a synagogue some are more metaphysical a. Sacred. Space surrounded by.

Spirit guides or. Guardian. Angels or animal totems or whatever manner of beings populate your world view of how the universe works some are more mundane some are more aggressive. I had one young lady out in the.

United. Kingdom her idea of a safe place was a nuclear fallout shelter five miles below the surface of the earth surrounded in lead and concrete and there was only enough room in that sucker for her what. I'm really trying to say is that no. Matter what flavor or what genre or what time period your safe place takes it's perfectly okay.

It's right. It's natural it's awesome just for you. But the one thing that all safe places have in common is that when you're in that safe place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you feel what you feel you taste and smell what you taste and you smell there's a feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're completely safe now many people often notice as that energy runs through those areas a sense of expansion a sense of release as if something that was locked inside of being held down restricted in some way it's being released expanded and many people often discover. Consciousness expanding floating up out of their body and floating up into that wonderful safe energy like a drop of water merging back into the ocean from which it came they feel a sense of reunion of reconnection of re-empowerment of tapping into something that is uniquely them and yet infinitely more powerful and supportive of all that you are and while people as they merge deeper and deeper into this place feel a sense of empowerment of expansion they still retain that spark of individuality that is uniquely theirs while having access to all of that ability and many people often discover that in this place anything they can imagine and anything they can intend and anything they can act out with their physical bodies must must must become real and true and made manifest in the external world because it's the external.

World in all its variables that is the hardest to predict. But all the experts agree from the most learned and educated of quantum physicists of our. Modern. Age to the wisest most powerful ancient.

Mystic. Masters even though they evolved and developed in different time periods and different cultures use different words they're all saying the same thing they all agree on the same thing and that it's your inner world that inner universe that controls and manages and manifests the external one and. So while it's not always possible to anticipate to prepare for every variable in the outside world inside you're in complete control you are the god or goddess of your neurology the queen of your universe or king of your universe and you have absolutely every right. Every privilege and.

Authority the autonomy to make change that you desire for any reason that you desire and have those changes reflected outward in the external. World. Now ladies and gentlemen. As you move into this place deeper and deeper and deeper there's some feelings that you've been having some feelings that would like to change now they may be simple they may be more complex now because.

I'm speaking to all of you remotely virtually. I'll do my best to modify what. I do. So that you can easily follow along what.

I would like you to do is just take. However long you need to process and do these things at your own rate. I want you to notice as you scan your body that there's a place in your body where the feelings you want to change start where they grow where they manifest from in a moment in just a moment. I'd like you to take your hands like you to point to where you feel that.

I'd like you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling notice those colors. First impression and once you have those colors. I want you to take your fingers and outline the shape of those colors in your body notice what shape it takes and describe it to yourself and. Then what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to notice something else notice if that colored shape has any weight or temperature or. Texture notate that to yourself and what. I'd like you to do.

Next is really kind of cool. I'd like you to take your safe energy breathe it through that area and notice what happens now what usually happens for most people you can continue to breathe as. I continue to talk that won't disturb you or distract you one of two things happens right. Away that area starts to dissolve starts to melt like an ice cube and sometimes it goes away completely and some times it dissolves to a certain point and stops now if yours goes away completely just keep breathing until it stops going away or it's completely gone when you know it's gone try to bring it back and notice what happens instead if it's completely gone scan your body for something else and repeat the process and just keep doing that until they're all gone for those of you who begin breathing their energy through an area and it dissolves to a certain seems to stop here's what you do.

Next. I want you to notice the color connected to that feeling notice the shape and the texture the temperature. Then. I want you to use your mind ey.

I want you to tr into the center of it. I want you to pass through the center of it like a thread passing through the eye of a needle like a wormhole through time and space back to the very. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with that experience when you get there. I'm going to ask you a series of questions now some of you will go back there right.

Away some of you will take a few. Second seconds regardless as. I ask these questions just go with your. First impressions they're always right.

This if you're inside or outside are you alone or are you with people is it daytime or nighttime and. Then what. I want you to do. So.

I want you to look. At your hands in that scene are they big boy hands or big girl hands little boy or little girl hands or somewhere in between and. Then look. At your feet are they big people feet or little people feet look.

Around you take an inventory a report a survey if you will of what's happening and what. I specifically want you to do is. I want you to move forward through those events until the feeling that you want to change. First appears and when you find it want you to just stop say.

I feel it to yourself and. Then looking back on that scene as the modern you that version of you here in your room. February 6 2017. I want you to look.

Back on that younger version of yourself with all of your knowledge and all of your wisdom all of your life experience and all of the power that you didn't know you had because in this process you are all powerful and everything everything everything is allowed as you look. Back on that scene if you could go back and change it all what would you like to see happen instead what would make you the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now now you don't have to tell me. But.

I want you to tell yourself speak it out loud if you must exactly what you want to have happen to that. L younger version of yourself instead and when you're ready only when you're ready. I want you to step back. Through the.

Wormhole of time and space back to before that whole. SE sequence of events ever happened. I want you to take that youngest version of yourself in your arms look. Him or her in the eye give him the biggest most transformational a inspiring everything is going to be oh hey okay.

I love you hug ever breathe your safe energy through them and notice what happens and as you do that take them out of that memory before it ever had a chance to happen bring them up into your safe place and notice what happens now many people notice that they feel happier they feel more relaxed they feel free look. Them in the ey and tell them hey buddy. I'm you from the future and where. I come from the technology exists to come back from the future to change the past and that's exactly why.

I'm here to let you know that everything you would have endured everything you would have suffered everything you would have had to go through is done it's over it's gone and it's never ever ever coming back breathe your safe energy through them once again and if you imagine. I want you to. I call this your stepen. Spielberg moment ladies and gentlemen want you to look.

That younger version of yourself in your in the eyes. And ask them what would make them the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now everything's allowed had one young lady came to me for weight loss binge eating all she wanted was ice cream and hugs. So we gave her a special kind of ice cream she could eat as much as she wanted for as long as she wanted never get fat never get sick never lose a tooth never gain a pound and all the hugs she could ever want or need.

I had one guy he was a little earthy all he wanted was consecutive dates with the. Dallas. Cowboy cheerleaders for the rest of his. Natural.

Life what. I'm really trying to say is that everything's allowed whatever will make that youngest version the happiest little camper on the planet. I want you to create an alternate reality movie a reality where she or he gets every single thing they most want. I want you to go as far back into the past as you need to as far into the future as you want to to and.

I want you to write script direct cast and produce every minute of every scene of that alternate reality life. I want you to make it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an.

IMAX. High deaf three dimensional. Turn. Up.

The. Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings and when it's perfect perfect for you in every way. I want you to watch it with them not once not twice. But over and over and over again hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition.

I want you to make that move 10 times more real 10 times more powerful a hundred times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than any life any experience she's ever had or he's had until it's overwriting and replacing every experience they've ever had and as you continue to watch that movie repeating over and over and over again step into it notice where in your body body the feelings connected to that amazing new reality start where they grow and where they spread from and notice with each repetition those feelings begin to grow they begin to spread they begin to double in size and strength force and magnitude notice the color connected to those amazing feelings how they expand to fill your body until it's. So strong it's. So powerful your body can no. Longer contain all that infinite expanding energy begins to stream out of your body forming an infinite expanding unlimited multicolored frame or just a single colored frame around that new alternate reality movie that you've created and when you're.

Finally ready to claim it for yourself once and for all. I want you to reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the new reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the universe and when you're ready pull it down through your entire being head to toe mind body and soul and notice what happens colored shape that was in your body and just keep passing that energy through your entire being until it's completely gone and all that's left is every fiber of your being vibrating in perfect harmony with this new frame this new alternate reality this new vibration now many people notice when they do this they start to get hot all over they start to. Twitch they start to sweat interesting things start to happen as the neurology starts to reset itself just let it that's how it's supposed to be that's what your neurology does when it's reprocessing. I call it the emotional detox now what.

I'd like you to do take all the time you need there's a lot more that we could do today and. I look. Forward to helping you with those things in the future. But we'll do one or two more steps just to be thorough.

So take all the time you need to pass that frame over and over again getting stronger and stronger with each pass breathe those colors and those feelings through your entire body let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube anchor them in. So fully and completely they're impossible to turn off and when you know you've got that try to turn them off notice what happens instead that's right. Now if you could imagine your other than conscious mind the part of you that records and cataloges and stores all of your past experiences if you could imagine your other than conscious mind scanning and surveying every moment of every day of your life from the time you were conceived up to now sorting out and discovering every single situation circumstance or event that was related to similar to or caused by the event you just cleared that you've just changed if you could imagine your unconscious mind sorting through all of those finding each and every one of those younger versions of yourself. I'm curious how many would your unconscious mind find.

First impression now for some of you it may be not for some of you it may be a thousand or 10,000 it doesn't matter because once you know what that number is if you could imagine. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as your other than conscious mind at the speed of thought begins the process of sorting through all of your memories finding every single one of those younger versions of yourself that endured anything related to what we just cleared either caused by similar to tangential to whatever and rescues each and every one of those younger versions of yourself from that event that memory that experience before it ever had a chance to happen brings them all up into your safe place notice that process taking place when they're all there normally. I would say nod your head to let me know. But.

I want you to take all the time you need at your own pace realizing your unconscious mind is very capable of following at my speed or yours or both your unconscious has it. So just enjoy the show enjoy the ride notice how the things in your body shift and change as these processes continue once all of those versions of yourself are up in your safe place. I. Want.

You to. Breathe your safe energy through them and notice what happens now some people some people there there those versions dissolve some people just feel really happy some people feel lighter whatever your response is it's perfectly right. For you you all do these things your way perfectly now if you could imagine for a moment all of the bad feelings memories negative life lessons that were installed in you in those younger versions of yourself if you could imagine them being professionally perfectly pleasurably removed extracted deleted purified purged expunged from all of them forever placed in a pile if you would way way way off in the distance. I'm curious about something how big would that pile have to be to hold it all and.

I want you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as your other than conscious mind aided by my special forces te team. I call the. Karma. Police they come in and they begin the process of removing all of that stuff extracting it out of every version of yourself that ever endured anything related to that.

First experience taking it all out of the right. Or wrong real or imagine your fault or somebody else's doesn't matter placing it in that pile way way off in the distance notice the pile growing and as soon as that pile is complete now some people piles are the size of two or three meters others are the size of the. Moon some are the size of the. Grand.

Canyon or a small 747 doesn't matter notice the process taking place and as soon as it's all in that pile something wonderful begins to happen although it might not seem. So at. First standing. Next to that pile almost like a policeman's lineup are all the sobs that that created that crap and forced it on you in the.

First place living or dead real or imagined right. Or wrong like a police lineup they're all there and on some unspoken command my special forces team aided by your other than conscious mind the they dig through that pile they sort through it and they find every piece of stuff every piece of karma for lack of a better word they begin delivering it back to the people who caused it in the place. First place most karmically appropriate way possible now. I don't want you to measure this manage this or make it happen faster just bear witness to the process taking place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as the.

Karma. Police and your other than conscious mind deliver all that crap back to the people who installed it in you for any reason in the. First place feel. Justice being served.

Karma being me it out all wrongs writed for all the right. Reasons real doesn't matter and you're allowed to enjoy it you're allowed to feel the validation and the. Vindication of the universe as. Cosmic.

Justice is delivered on your behalf take all the time you need when it's all done look. Back at those younger versions of yourself and notice how they feel now and. I want you to bring them all in for a big group hug breathe your safe energy through them and feel them all blending merging combining together becoming one un. United.

States of you even if you're not. American feel that combining that integration that harmonization at every level when they're all together we have one. Final. Phase well not really one a couple more.

But we're almost done. I want you to create a brand new alternate reality movie where every one of those versions of yourself gets exactly the life they want the way they want it in the way that makes them the happiest most fulfilled and satisfied successful person on the planet best version of self thems they can be. I want you to go as far back into your past as you need to as far into the future as you want to write script direct every moment of every scene cast it direct it produce it when it's perfect in every way watch it live it not once not twice. But over and over and over again hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of of thought with each repetition it gets 10 times stronger 10 times more powerful a thousand times more real until it's more real than any experience they've ever had till it overwrites and replaces experience they've ever had until it's the only way you can remember it and.

Then it just keeps getting stronger. I want you to notice that there's a set of feelings in your body related to that new reality and a set of colors connected to those feelings. I want you to put a brilliant colored frame around that alternate reality movie. I want you to reach out with both your hands grab that frame and the movie inside of it lift it up over your head and.

I want you to simultaneously pass that frame through your entire being head to toe mind body and soul over and over again and breathe those colors through your entire being anchor them into every neuron and every cell and every molecule and every atom and the spaces between the atoms and just keep passing that energy breathing that energy through every level of your being mind body and soul until it's impossible to turn off impossible to go back to the old way of being and when you know it's done try to turn it off try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead now again take all the time you need in a moment not yet. But in just a moment only at the rate and speed that you're completely finished with that process your mind your body your spirit will begin descending bringing all of this transformation vibration with you into the body transformed from the inside out for all the right. Reasons bringing all of these new identities and experiences with you number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you new reality my friend a reality where you've learned and experienced something powerful something awesome something that only becomes stronger more fulfilling thrilling and satisfying for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 10 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held perceived believed achieved and manifested by the part of your neurology mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that give you the life you want.

The. Way. You. Want.

It by your standards and your definitions number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the journey you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've done the drills done the skills tested the results you've earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you live it to the fullest starting now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this process only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the speed that every level of your neurology psychology biology mind body and soul understands recognizes realizes perceives believes and achieves that you've got it embraced by that part of your mind body and soul that most wants and desires can manifest these changes in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel thank you. Vincent. I'm glad you enjoyed it thank you. Don you're awesome.

Stephen you rock all right. You're welcome. Dustin thank you. Andy.

G still processing love you too. Jules you're welcome dickh uh. I'll see what my. Web.

Master says he's my he he runs my life when is the. San. Diego date. August 2nd.

Third fourth and fifth. John if you if if you got a package you'll be getting an email that confirms everything you'll need to know well. I'm glad. I could give you ecstasy.

Nora thank you thank you than you. Christopher you're welcome. John thank you. David leev did.

I pronounce that right. Leev well thank you. Brad you tell. CLA.

I love her oh how do how do. I pronounce that can you write it phonetically. LEF or leave live leave. Leaf oh okay.

Leaf like in tree thank you. David. CM petero awesome art. I look.

Forward to that thank you. Seth yeah. I know. Seth is a charter member he's got everything we've ever put out and most of the things we've never put out.

So if you've ever been in air trainings you will eventually meet. Seth he's probably one of the. First people in line to become a certified trainer. So he's got really good skills and good tasting trainers apparently no.

Christopher thank you for coming out. I'm glad you enjoyed it glad you stayed. Chris the mightless quadro how you doing amigo. I was just talking about you earlier.

Leaf love it. Flemish very cool. Jasmine thank you that's an interesting spelling. Jazz very cool got a lot of fans in.

Toronto. I should probably go up there and do something you're welcome. Brian who is the greatest hypnotist. I know besides me wow that's not an ego question waiting to happen is it uh the greatest hypnotist.

I know besides me. God there's. So many good hypnotists out there um probably probably bandler uh and only because and when. I talk about the guy is just scary good um because he can do things and you'll never see it coming uh.

But a lot there's a lot of really really good people out there. I think. I'd have to qualify who's the greatest hypnotist. I know because.

I think it's very very nichy you know you talk about stage hypnosis or. Therapeutics or things like that you know a lot of good people out there a lot of good people out there kind is if you guys get a chance um. Jerry's getting. Jerry was one of my mentors he's one of the uh the old men the old.

Legends you're welcome. Mark appreciate it. Jose. I'll see about coming to.

Toronto it seems to be uh there seems to be a trend forming here um. I think um yeah. I have to. Niche it because.

I. I don't think there's many people that can do everything well. I certainly strive for it that's. I'm just competitive that way um.

But. I would never call myself the greatest hypnotist on the planet um. I might let you do it. But.

I wouldn't do it yeah niches. I prefer to call them. Specialists yeah you're gonna find if you're. GNA do this as a career if you're that special kind of stupid you need to.

Niche yourself nobody goes looking for hypnotherapy uh on the internet they go looking for people to take their pain away to make them lose weight. So the riches are always going to be in the niches you does and it doesn't people think if they pick a niche that they they could only do those things it's not true at all. I handle everything. But yet.

I tell people my specialty is a physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion and one of the reasons. I chose that was a because it's true. But. B because if.

I can do that. I can do pretty much anything else which is why. I chose it plus. I have the medical background that allows me to say things that most clinically or classically trained hypnotists can't say dude thank you.

So much at 318 where you're at holy somebody give. David a big round of applause for like endurance all right. Well. I think it's.

About. Time to. Say. Goodbye.

So. I will leave you you're welcome. Christopher. I will leave you with something.

I often do in my meetups for those of you who are old this will be familiar. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or a trance or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long we'll see y'all.

Next great night.
