Title: Hypnosis Technique Instant Waking Hypnosis For Pain Control, Pleasure and and Influence
File Name: 3MYrbhz9o4M.txt
Video Id: 3MYrbhz9o4M
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MYrbhz9o4M

Steve what' you get out of this. I got from. JP how to amplify the good stuff. So very cool huh cuz.

I was struggling with like say no. Pain. So how good do you feel. I feel very good you want feel.

B sure you sure absolutely hold that thought you we started with you [Music] right. Up your mind except on in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. Str cheap three times.

I stroke your cheap the. First time feels amazing pleasure. Second time get and intensifi almost orgasm the. Third time you're going to be right.

On the very crust amazing sensation your life just like that noticing that feeling that's right. Doubling and tripling ooh there it is oh my. God that is. So good that is.

So amazing that's awesome notice how good you feel yeah wow how good are you feeling. I'm feeling damn good that's called sensation transformation get out of it it feels too good now do it he. SE just locked in okay. What am.

I really doing you're cranking on me right. Now in a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to three when. I reach the number three the sensation going to suide.

But the cool thing is every time. I touch my no. It's going to come flooding back. So you can show the difference one two three.

So now not. So much color. Chang completely like all the red is drained back good now you do cou your nose good going me a round of [Applause] applause is that. L to.

B depends on your on the environment and the community you're in. But now what the technique the two techniques we're going to be working with. Next are as are elements of what we call waking hypnosis okay. The technique.

I just demonstrated is called an eyelock it's very easy come here. John we won't do it per se. But we'll just we'll just act it out. So you guys get an idea.

So when you this one in order to make it effective there a couple things you got to understand a you've got to be able to hold their gaze steady what will happen is when you hold a look. Here and you focus in one or both of their eyes. Okay. And you hold the.

G and what you're going to notice is there will be a little bit of tension that builds up in both you and the subject and at some point you will see this go right. Focus your mind here wrap your mind on everything. I'm about to tell that's right. As you do that in a moment not yet in just a moment.

I'm going to stroke your cheek three times each time. I stroke your cheek you're going to miss a wonderful. Ming sensation you're going to notice that wonderful feeling of pleasure inside your body one that's right. Noticing how good you feel two three that's right.

Noticing how wonderful building stronger and stronger and stronger that's great cool that's all now. I'm out of it around the room just to give you an example different right. You must do the. Second one why because depending on their level of absorption especially if they've seen this done before they're having expectation right.

You give them the pleasure and you you slowly transition from a pleasurable stimulation into something that might under different circumstances cause discomfort notice how the feeling continues to are stronger you bring them out of. Trance do the same stimulation. So they can calibrate the difference see if you don't if you just do the pleasure and you bring them out of it they may feel something and they may think because they felt something that nothing happened. But the minute you put them into.

State you give them pleasure or whatever and you feel something. Then you bring them out of state do the same thing they have a different experience of the sensation that cements in that oh something did happen right. Found this out by by accident at the. Last tic training cuz.

I do. I do the eyck a lot okay. Um and we had one guy that he saw me do it. I brought him up to do it and.

I tweaked him right. And he walked and he was like okay. He walked. I felt something.

I heard. I heard him come here. So you're out of. Trance now right.

He goes yeah. I want [Music] right. Oh something did happen right. Thank you.

So oh. I'm sorry we're not done yet um. So you hold the eyes. And one the things.

Jerry. I got this from. Jerry. KH.

I don't see anybody else doing this technique it's it's a really cool technique and it's a pure it's a demonstration of pure hypnotic power it's actually very easy. Once you understand a few basic parameters a be absorbed be certain okay. Look. Here hold their gaze and like.

I said there will be a a mounting of tension and. Then they'll just kind of surrender when you feel that shift you may not see it. But you you'll probably feel it. Then you start to go into the deeper things you can continue to talk as you hold the eyes.

But you can't blink no. Blinking no. Blinky. Blinky okay.

The more you blink the more they have a chance you can you will get you can blink. But the way. Jerry used to teach it was you have to practice holding your eyes. Open for like 60 60.

Minutes or 60 seconds to 30 minutes. So yeah fine be that way 60 minutes okay. But the whole idea is you just hold it wrap your mind around this and you just lock their eyes. I look.

I use both my eyes. And look. Into one of theirs okay. And you just play with it and you just tell them what you want.

I always start some people. Jerry likes to go into. I'm going to stroke your cheek three times and you're going to feel this wonderful coolness moving into your cheeks okay. They may or may not want to feel coolness.

But. I have very few people turn down pleasure right. Right. And the more they bring out more pleasure they get 10 them up more right.

Until some point gate. Theory takes over and all they can feel is pleasure no. Matter what stimulation you're giving them okay. Which you keep the eyes.

Locked you keep talking test it amplifi it for them give them some good tweaks don't cause any abrasions or. Cuts or lacerations yeah don't get excited don't get crazy bring them out of it and. Then give them the same level and let them calibrate okay. Now some of you guys have done this before.

So should be easy peasy right. Cool have a see.
