Title: Mind Control Hacks: Remove All Resistance with These Storytelling Secrets
File Name: 45uhedpvz7w.txt
Video Id: 45uhedpvz7w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45uhedpvz7w

Uh. Alpha stories include rhetorical techniques right. So if you're familiar with the. Socratic method or any of these things uh debate is rhetoric.

Right. Add incentives they create. Source credibility provide consensus or social proof you've read shalini's work or. Robert chalini says psychology influence psychology of persuasion these are all.

Alpha strategies you're and your hardwired for these we cover these in- depth and killer influence um. Omega strategy sidestep resistance they redefine relationships and reframe things if familiar with. Robert. D's slight of mouth patterns or anything like that which we have a course on um reframing stories are magnificent at reframing things for us they minimize requests they raise comparisons uh they push choices into the future again all of these are resistance removal tactics.

Omega stories are actually the primary way to overcome uh resistance and the. City of. Chicago in early '90s or late '90s led the country in the highest number of false confessions until they started using narrative interview technique false confessions dropped number of convictions went up and the number the amount of accurate information people got skyrocketed why people can't tell stories backwards when they're lying. So if somebody's coming up with with a false story if.

I ask them to cite information in. Reverse they can't do it okay. It's really cool right. You hear me use the word counterarguing a lot which means they have a different opinion and they're going to fight for it right.

Um. So what how do we create these stories or or why do we why are stories. So powerful for us. First of all and this is interesting considering everything we know about story in the power of it no.

Matter what context you're in even when it's an obvious sales situation stories are never perceived as an attempt to influence they're never perceive as an attempt to actually get somebody to do something we're going to explore that a little bit why that is there's several reasons one is our bodies are are from centuries of evolution are hardwired to go into a trance the moment we hear a story transstates as a rule feel good they create a flow in us right. And. So what happens is we get. So into the flow we don't want to break the flow of the story.

So we can we can hear inaccurate information and we and there's for a split. Second we know it's not right. But to argue the point would be to break the story. So we just let it go and it goes right.

In right. Stories change attitudes beliefs and behaviors in the background. So the idea is when you look. At a when you when you experience a story there's going to be the protagonist the antagonist the things you want to embed are actually in the background.

So for instance um an ineffective way to use a story if let say one person's pro-abortion the other person's pro- lifee right. If. I if. Then the person knew.

I was going to be talking about this if. I told a story about somebody who was. Pro pro-abortion going in and having a better life because of all that stuff they would be armed against that. But if.

I told a story about something completely different and in the background they had to go get an abortion and it's it's not the focus of the story it goes right. In one of the reasons is what we call the. Thorndike effect right. I like.

I. I turn it into a verb. I call it. Thorn diying right.

Thorn diying is what is what happens is when you start to hear a story you start to see the world through the eyes. Of the body of the character right. How many of are know right. Did you suddenly not to see start to experience things from the perspective of the other person right.

And here's what's cool about that our society has bred us that it is impolite improper and inappropriate and very very difficult to. Discount the life experiences of another human being even if that character is fictional that's how the. Neuroscience works and. So the minute you thorn back into a story you're having these experiences.

However vicariously because you have. NE neurons your body is going to generate every single thing in an idealized version to you and. So have you have these experiences right. Along with the character even if had an opinion that was different than the people in the story the experiences of it will start to soften your outlook.

And resistance to it okay. The more like like you that that character is the more rapidly that process takes place okay. Now the other aspect to story work that goes directly to this concept of flow is called transportability transport ility is a measurement of how absorbed into the story a person is if you have these two elements you have an irresistible story okay. What is transportability this is important too uh your stories don't have to be true even if they are they have to hold on a.

Second my here we go they just have to be plaus. POS from a neuroscience perspective social science perspective while it is true that the experiences of fictional characters are not objectively real the details don't seem to impact the persuasion power of narratives in any way. So you can tell a true story you can tell a madeup story it's not going to matter as long as what you're as long as what you're saying is plausible the way the neurology let me see. I can find this.

I'll just paraphrase it for you the way the neurology said the system says is that the brain doesn't sort for truth it sorts for plausible if it's true. But not plausible it's false if it actually happened. But it's completely implausible people will tend to file it and process it is inherently false if it's untrue. But it could have happened they'll file it as true right.

Now in cpi1 we teach you a very two very specific language patterns to tap into that function in the human brain it's called cause and effect languaging and complex equivalence everything human beings do is based on those two patterns because that is the foundation of your belief system your neurology whenever you have an experience is always trying to figure out what happened. First. Then what happened. Next and what does it mean all your beliefs are built this way.

So when you speak to people in that structure and by the way all stories are constructed in that same sener sequences something happened it caused something else and that meant this wash. R repeat your whole neurology. Everything. About.

You from the time you were conceived up to now everything you remember is in the form of a narrative a a sequence of cause and effect linkages when you start talking in cause and effect which in a specific way you can't not talk in cause and effect right. But if you link things that are true and certain key points in that sequence your brain processes everything else is true okay. So as long as it's plausible fact or fiction doesn't matter um and plausibility does seem to seem the the biggest factor in determining the acceptance of a message contained within a metaphor yeah there it is plausibility may very well be the yard stick by which truth within a story narrative or. Parable is measured.

So. Omega strategy one create a character now remember a story is not not just one day at. B. Camp right.

A story has a time a place a protagonist and antagonist if you want a full story you can have anecdotes um you can have little vignettes. But to to qualify as a story it has to have these elements that makes sense the more identification a person has the more acceptance and less resistance to persuasive messages inherent in the story we find my transportability stuff. I'm running through time. So.

I'm just going to. I'm going to skip around. So the. First aspect of transportability there's five areas you want to build into your story.

First is called cognitive attention you want it to dominate a person's cognitive attention how much attention is a subject paying to the story was the subject mentally involved in the narrative while experiencing it right. Way. I way. I talk about absorb how many you you ever been like to a movie okay.

So you guys know how movies work right. You walk in got your best guy or girl on one arm big bucket of popcorn in the other you're wondering which one's going to be more fun let you sit down the lights go down the movie starts and two and a half three hours goes by you don't know where it went why can you tell me at what moment you became to absorb in that movie no. You can't why because you were absorbed if you have ever been how a book. That you could not put down people were firing guns off.

Next to you and you did not notice you had cognitive absorption okay. It's got to be interesting it's got and that's why having some a character or situation that is directly analogous to the the the target recipients is. So. So important um emotional involvement.

So. I saw a meme on. Facebook. The other day and.

I'm going to paraphrase it it says that moment when you wake up where you look. Up from your book. And realize that nobody around you realized you were emotionally traumatized by the book. You were just reading right.

How emotionally engaged were you you've all had those movies where you just can't like my daughter. God bless her my daughter is just like me like when. I was when. I was little there were certain moments of of embarrassment or shame for the character in the movie.

I couldn't watch. I had to get up and leave the room and my poor baby girl every time there comes toie where the character's about to be majorly embarrassed she has to get up and leave. I say sit down. I try to give a little tough love.

But. I understand. I never told her. But that's exactly what.

I went through too because. I'm a wuss at heart um. So how emotionally grossed and connected is the subject to the story are they feeling the emotion to the subject or responding emotion to the events in the story if you cry at sad movies this is what we're talking about right. You've.

Thorn dyed into it and you're experiencing what they experience at two levels simultaneously one you're doing it from their perspective because you've thrown. DED into it. But you're also analog matching your brain is sorting back through all of its mics finding times in your life that were directly analogous to this moment boom and doubling it up right. Your brain's doing this all the time right.

Uh states of suspense how badly does the subject want to find out what happens. Next or how the story ends this is why all of your shows all of your chapters always end in a cliffhanger can't wait to see exactly. Jurassic. Park exactly right.

Think of every don't believe it go to your favorite fiction book. Go to the. Last couple of pages of every book. And notice everyone leaves you wondering what's going to happen.

Next right. Has to be there the more you have that can't have take just one more page phenomena our desire the more compelling the story okay. Um concentrated focus of attention to what degree is the subject. So focused on the events occurring in the story that they become unaware of everything else right.

So in cognitive attention just to to reiterate this is a situation where you just can't stop thinking about this you ever had a book. Or or a show that was. So compelling for hours. Later you're still running through it in your head that's cognitive absorption or involvement right.

Concentrated focus of attention to what degree is a subject. So focused on the events occurring within the story they become unaware of everything else. I think. I just talked about that mental imagery now.

I need to talk about this because this is this word screws. So many people up because it has the word image in it people say imagine or imagery and and and usually it's the word imagine that screws people up you do not need to see clear crystal clear picture perfect for any of the stuff to manifest or work for you right. When. I say imagine a color people get upset because they can't see a color.

I said. But you know what color it is right. Yeah that's all it's necessary right. We think we need these pristine visuals you don't most of us can can perfectly remember and imagine the layout of our of our bedroom we don't see clear anything.

But we know exactly where everything that's good enough right. Even and and. I and. I really believe this.

I've never really tested it too much. But. I really believe it um. I think a fantasic people also see pictures they're just unconscious of it because if they didn't how would they enjoy reading because reading starts off as an internal dialogue and.

Then all the other cour depending on how the how the the literature is written dep when you hit a visual word your visual cortex is going to fire when you hear an auditory word the auditory cortex is going to fire when you hear an ala word the alatri cortex is going to fire to create the experience inside when people when a. Fantasia people start to talk they move their hands just like somebody who's not a fantasic makes pictures they'll talk about this they'll move it over here and. So they're somewhere below the threshold of conscious awareness they're appropriate receptive or spatial awareness is still creating images shapes that they may not consciously access. But they're there right.

So for those of you who do any kind of work with fantasic um if you do def find aasia aphantasia is the inability to see pictures mental pictures they tend to be really good artists though for some reason like. I have one student out in u the. UK. Vince play through totally a fantasic takes some of the most beautiful photographs and and and they're creative photographs they're not just like you know a picture of a pretty.

P. FL or something like he'll come up with these really funny you know layouts that's that's cre you have to see that if at some level to to really understand it right. So. I think there's some there there just like we have when we have hypnotic blindness or.

Amnesia the part of your brain that sees is still firing it's just your neurolog is crossing it out. So. I think there's something like that going on there. I think they do they can't access pictures um.

So when you're looking at a story and this is actually um. I had. I used to teach personal injury attorneys how to create stories that were like absolutely irresistible and stuff like that and. So what.

I did was because one of the things that uh personal injury attorneys do is they run focus groups like if they're com they got a big case coming up they're going to figure out okay. I need to test this presentation. So they're going to hire they're going to hire people to come in and be jurors on a mck jury panel that are as close to the people they want to select for the actual case is possible and they present their case and they get the feedback from the mo jurors now again if you're doing any kind of marketing this is worthwhile. I don't you know it might be something to do just if you want to have a story that you want to deploy clinically grab a few people tell them the story have these images built in it and.

Then have them rate the story based on these five criteria right. Um now why why do we want this transportability. Factor transported people are less able to detect or even recall false notes in the story they can't remember the inaccurate information okay. Uh the greater the level of.

Transportation the higher degree of acceptance rate transported subjects tend to endorse the beliefs implied by. The. Narrative and to adopt beliefs that are consistent with those in the story independent of initial attitudes. So if you successfully get somebody absorbed in the in the story they will tend to endorse the content of the story pre-existing beliefs do not seem to affect the transportation phenomenon okay.

Fact or fiction makes no. Difference um again going back to this concept of plausibility theory of plausibility is the biggest factor in whether a message is accepted as true or not and. Finally um in. Dr.

No's book. There was a 21 item checklist. So once. You' created a story you can actually ask these 26 questions or 20 questions.

I think it's was 20 check and have your have your students or your clients rate each one on a scale of 0 to 10 look. At the overall score and now you have a measurement subjective you have a measurement of how powerful that story is and where you need to tighten it up and. I highly recommend that if you're going to do a lot of any kind of influence work other it's therapeutic whether you're going to write books you should keep what we call a swipe file of stories right. If you're in direct marketing you know the term.

Swip flat like how many any anybody here just stand a comedy or okay. Okay. I know he does right. Comedians just like direct response copywriters have files of jokes that whenever they're going to they ever they're going to put an act together they go through their file that's a good joke that's a good joke that's a good joke direct response copywriters whenever they're going to create a sales letter for a client they're going to go to their file of sales letters that worked and they're going to go through it they're going to find one that's probably a good fit let's try that one as a template now the reason that you want to have a swipe file of stories is because stories can be used in multiple contexts the same story can be used in different ways just emphasize different things if that makes any kind of sense.

But stories take time to prepare right. So unless you've got a lifetime of really cool stories think that old song uh 100 bad days make a 100 bad stories 100 bad stories make me interesting at parties some song like kids listen to right. So you start to create a file of these these stories and. Then you just whip them out when you need them instead of having to think of them on the spot right.

So. I if you go back and you watch my. YouTube channel. I tell the same stories why because.

I deployed them at one time to a live audience at work. I put it in my keeper file right. So. I now have this this list of winners that.

I use every time. I come out it gets the points across keeps people engaged things of that nature okay. But this again is how you measure transportability now that's just telling a story if you're trained in. NLP you can use stories as a delivery mechanism for other persuasion techniques you can build things into the story that as the story is processed all these other little.

Warheads for lack of a better word are deployed as well what do these look. Like do we need a 5-minute break or a restroom break would that be no. No. I just took.

One it was fantastic yeah it was thank for that all right. Let's go back let's look. At one of my and when people think of of. David.

Snider telling story you know teaching about story this is kind of what they think about or when they think about. NLP. I call this becoming an. NLP story ninja right.

Psychodynamics. So. First of all everything we've talked about is already in play before we hit these if you knew nothing about. NLP.

But just the idea of identification and transportability you would have powerful irresistible stories okay. So the thik effect people automatically insert themselves into the story identification. Factor they need to be relatable and relevant okay. Brain entrainment minute say that reminds me of a story boom brain wave starts to entrain it's just going to happen might as well use it it's going to happen.

Anyway right. Transportability six key fact five key factors actually that lower resistance to persuasion. Prime behaviors and increase engagement what other things can we do to. Prime the.

First one is called behavioral template priming or what we call. Se and semantic priming behavioral priming is um where we talk about ourselves or the protagonist the story who does a certain set of things. So for example uh one of the most famous pitch men on the planet is a guy named. T harveer and tar would would and we actually in in this class we actually dissect transcripts of his actual presentation and show you all the inveted stuff from the stories and the sequences the embedded commands the confusion inductions that have people stampeding to the back of the room to level up if you want to have that kind of ability with your patients your students students your clients pay very close attention.

So the. First thing is behavioral priming and again. I'm going to. I'm going to mangle the story a little bit here.

But it's it's very short. So give this you know it's it's no. It's no. Uh secret to most people in here that.

I started a business by put $2,500 on my. Visa card. I sold it four and a half years. Later for over a million dollar or $4 million anybody here want to want to sell their business for $4 million right.

So you're all going. I'm not going to fight. I'm not going to f. But in your head you're going yeah.

I want to do that right. Then what is he going to do he's going to tell other stories he's going to bring these people up and at the end of the training at the precise moment he's going to give you the opportunity to level up guess how much the course is $2500. So the minute you hear the cost of the course the behavioral. Prime triggers and you take the appro great action now here's the got thing you got to understand be priming is not mind control priming is predisposition you've all heard the story of subliminal advertising this and subliminal advertising that priming.

Works only if the person actually is in the mood to to do it and what. I mean by that is let's say. I'm priming you to eat pizza and beer right. I'm talking about this really cool pizza place.

I ate at the other day and. I ate that just. So good. I'm.

So hungry right. Now your brain's thinking pizza. But if you're not hungry you can walk right. By the pizza place nothing's going to happen.

But let's say you're ravenous right. I've kept you an extra 6 hours. I was only supposed to talk for one right. Your bladder is scaming at you you're driving down the road there's 27 different eating places you're far more likely to stop at the pizza joint.

So the desire the impetus has to be there for the prime to take effect that's behavioral template priming okay. Semantic priming is a little bit different semantic priming works when we have a list of words or a bunch of words that have a similar theme to them. So let's say. I wanted you to trust and connect with me.

I wanted you to believe in the things. I say as. I'm telling stories. I will constantly use these kinds of words.

I will overuse them reliable trustworthy. Dependable concrete solid exact precise structured sturdy straight foundational upstanding erect upright. I'll build them into my stories. I'll use them in my sales cup.

I will overuse them why because each one's like a nickel in a slot machine each time you hear one of these words it creates a sense of certainty or tress or correctness that builds up over time and you start to associate that internal feeling that interceptive response with me okay. Different ways to pre now this is a little fun for those of you who this is my dark side humor um some people in the uh some people in the seduction. Community got a hold of this idea 10 15 years ago and they created uh a a home study program called sexual power words or sensual power words and the way they discovered this was by accident they were actually at a gun range and one of the guys was describing how to clean a gun and one of the girls made an offham. Market this kind of turn into me on because he was discussing how he opens dist he slides he lubricates every it's get if you ever want to see a really funny version of that right.

Go wrent the movie um the couch trip with. Dan he plays a mental patient who escapes and takes the place of a talk radio show host and on it one of the guys calls in and says everything turns me on everything turns you on yes. Everything like like changing the transmission oil in your car tra yes. Like when you un you undo the nuts and you take down and you see the guy just losing it right.

It's a funny it's a funny variant of this idea. But you know there the studies are there right. Um they would take they. DET testin in.

Florida of all places right. They took. Uh they gave questions to seniors that all the answers had all these like retirement and old age and and you know everything pertaining to being old and they measured the speed at which they walked as they were take going into the room to take the test and they measured the speed of which they walked as they were coming out and they were significantly slower now my my student. Seth who always likes to show me oh and.

But don't forget this they discovered that the people who were primed the most from that process were the doctors have created the test which is instructive in and of itself remember. I said the echo technique what's the echo technique mean the words that come out of your mouth are the most powerful words you can hear at any given moment when you see a direct response copywriter hand you a piece of copy for guess who it works best on the guy who wrote it right. Same idea yes. 185 see some of you went there.

I don't know it's there she goes explain that to us. David yes. 18 n. Anyway.

I don't know some of these. I don't get they're ambiguities again if you get if you come to like advanc linguistic class. I'll teach you about phonetic ambiguities which are what some of these are um. But like 187.

I. I don't actually know what the hell that means right. But. I wanted to give you this because this is out there right.

It's a it's it's a real phenomenon now most people won't take the time to do this because storywork is probably the most um intensive prep preparation intensive form of influence. But if you do it right. And you create your swipe files you only got to do it once you understand this is why having a swipe file is really really useful because after a while the structures will start to embed themselves in your brain and you'll just start ripping stuff right. When we teach you hypnotic language in cpi1 we teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist you know why they're the most powerful because they run your brain every memory every thought every belief that you have is built out of them just people and and you use them constantly you just don't understand the true power of what each pattern does.

But if. I try to teach you the patterns by speaking them to you you'll go right. Into trans and you won't remember them that's a byproduct of hypnotic languaging the message goes in it gets processed it create cognitive absorption you lose the verbiage the message remains that's one of the side effects which is why the worst way to learn hypnotic language is by listening to it if you want to learn hypnotic language properly you must use the other cortexes of the brain you must listen to it you must see it you must write it you must speak it over and over again because it'll go in and you'll have cognitive amnesia for what you did unless you consciously build the recall pathway. Then it.

Then the circuit is complete and you can just rip it anytime anywhere that's what the byproduct of. CPI is is that you just by day by day 2 and a half you're like yeah it just starts flowing out of you and you can do this anytime anywhere right. So if you've ever had struggles with conversation hypnosis or things like that you might want to look. Into something like that.

But it just read it write it say it. So this would be an assignment that. I would. I would uh again this is this is usually what the.

Last thing we teach you at the end of the class is ninja stories because if you don't understand how to structure a story to begin with how to make it identification facilitating transportational they won't stay long enough for this to work because they're not engaged one of the big problems we have with a lot of neural linguistic tactics is they're boring they're cognitively taxing. So how do we make it fun how do we make it exciting we gamify everything we turn into games and drills and and things like that and we break it down. So we teach you consciously and unconsciously right. So this would be how we would teach you this is what we would tell how tell you how to build a story to find a context set an outcomes come and tell a story using modal speaking which is sensory based language visual auditory kinesthetic.

Factory gustatory if you're not doing that already that alone will drive people into a profoundly altered state that feels good to them. So the more cortexes of the brain you can get inv involved with the more absorption facilitating the story. The more. Transportation you have the more everything else is going to work better magnificent 7 plus or minus 2 are the seven key language patterns we teach in.

CPI 1 called and effect complex equivalence are the. First two and they're not even the most powerful um behav priming and semantic bling. So that's. First excitment.

So that's one thing you can do this is what. I call this begins this part call begins um three techniques. I put together. I call them the.

Fantastic. Four quotes patterns anytime you talk about somebody else's experience. I was talking to my friend debba the other day and. Debbie was telling me about this amazing experience she had uh at hypnosis convention where the guy was just talking about how stories work and how they you can get sucked into a story and before you know everything the person say is going right.

In you can't wait to take the. Next class right. And. I thought that was amazing because people didn't realize they'd just been hypnotized would it be cool if you could do that like.

I did just now the. Next class can you tell did you even realize when when you got sucked in. I was like. I know always doing something right.

That's the power of quotes quotes can be done on a you know it can be done like. Second person. Third person out and don't and and one of the things you want to understand is that it doesn't weaken your message it softens it think of it like lubrication right. Here's where.

I tell a very uncomfortable metaphor how many people have ever heard of this thing called a prologist or a gynecologist right. Imagine going to a gynecologist who didn't use lubricant ouch they may get the job done. But damn that's uncomfortable right. Same idea when it comes to influence one of the reasons a lot of people have problems with nlps uh is because it's.

So powerful it's. So powerful that even if you you if the person you're using it on doesn't know. NLP the technique is. So powerful they feel it viscerally they know you did something because they know you did something they instinctively get reactant and push back and they start hyper analyzing everything you say and it winds up not working because you broken.

Rapport. But if you soften things and you make it enjoyable and fun and exciting most good. NLP sounds an awful lot like teaching because it is right. Now this isn't a class on.

NLP by any stretch. But you know. NLP gets a lot of things right. They get a lot of things wrong in my opinion right.

Um. So quotes patterns is always one of the. First of the. Fantastic.

Four the. Next one is called the. IU shift and. IU shift is where.

I start talking about my experience and. Then at some point. I switch to the editorial. U like you know how sometimes you're sitting in a seminar and you're listening to the person and all of a sudden you're not sure if they're talking about the group or you specifically and even though you know they're talking to you you're not sure which you they're referring to is it that you or that you right.

And. So your unconscious says well since. I don't know. I'll just do them both and.

So everything that the person says gets processed. Then you act on it right. So this works on the concept of ambiguity and subliminal. Communication in that as.

I'm talking about myself you start to. Thorn into what. I'm saying you start to analog match where you start to find a similar experience. So you're literally running a movie of your life in your head about my experience as.

I'm talking to you and. Then all. I do is. I switch from the editorial you to the personal you and now.

I'm talking directly to your unconscious. But your your conscious mind doesn't pick it up because it's focused on the words not the intention remember your mirror neurons are intention-based entities in the body they focus on intention being aimed at at which is usually outside the level of most people's conscious awareness does that make sense even if it doesn't that's what the the neurology says. So it's how it is right. So the.

I you shift quotes pattern and. Finally analog marking analog marking wait there's one more. I think oh better command we got there yet analog marking is where. I map out in myself or in using my hands or other gestures specific people.

So this actually goes back to uh how many of you guys ever heard of guy. Nam. Dave. Dobson okay.

Um most of you have heard of. Milton. Ericson obviously right. Uh.

Dave. Dobson was the other conversational hypnotist that bandler and grinder model and he was the one that came up how may how many people here have heard of the unconscious hello oh you guys need to get to killer influence like. Fast all right. When when mammals meet for the.

First time as they're approaching each other the. First thing that happens hey how you doing the eyebrows flash up you see this really well exaggerated in like. New. York and.

New. Jersey two. Goombas on the side right. Go hey how you doing hey how you doing the eyes.

Are flashing up and down right. This is what we call a key stimuli when two mammals face and it's not just a human thing it's an animal thing when two humans meet they lock eyes. They they make eye contact one of them flashes see she wants to flash back at me right. Yeah there we go see and.

So this unconscious hello was actually something. I don't know who actually discovered it in the animal kingdom. But. Dave doson was the guy that brought it to hypnosis he found that when you when you when you do that flashback it signals friend right.

So it creates instant connection and. Rapport his signal is not an enemy big deal if you want uh information to be accepted right. So what. Dave doson would do is he would get a connection with a person's unconscious mind usually through an eyebrow flash to kind of set up that.

Dynamic and. Then as he's talking to this group he's looking this way he would just gesture like and you guys are looking where. I'm looking. But my intention is zapping that person.

So it's going in unchallenged that's an analog. Mark right. If you've ever watched people go um people often make fun of. Tony.

Robbins like when you think of. Gandhi and you think of great leaders like. Winston. Churchill you see him do this right.

Welcome to the wonderful world of analog market right. You know and when you picture that famous leader you know sometimes you connect with people and before you know there's this like golden beam of energy that just connects the two of you and the longer you listen the more deep into that connection you feel and you feel the warmth of that glow see gestures are important man you guys have no. Idea how powerful gesturing is you really don't gestures preced spoken language by thousand hundreds of thousands of years when you start to who was at the the holographic memory class how many times did. I say.

I have this thing. I just got to get it behind when people talk about their stuff their hands are always going somewhere spatially remember your spatial memory is the most developed level of memory that you have that's why some of the most powerful memory techniques are based on it how many people heard a technique called. Memory. Palace what is it it's about walking through a house and putting things on the wall and putting things in drawer what do you do when you want to remember you go to your bem.

Palace you go to the drawer you take it out and it's there because it's easy you've been doing it the longest. So when you're creating a story what do you think might be some good words to put in it over around through under within you sound familiar they're all spatial words they create very compelling mental imagery and the more. Dynamic the imagery you create the more. Transportation you trigger okay.

This is why. CPI is a you have to have. CPI 1 before you can get to this right. So you have the universal persuasion protocol you have these super powerful language pattern you.

Unstoppable report skills you know how to connect directly to this person's most powerful emotional reasons for doing anything and. Then you create powerful experiences for them that they get everything they want by doing what you want to do and. Then you layer in and you. Then you apply it to story work and it just goes to a whole different level right.

So that's analog marketing and and the. Last one is the one that everybody has heard about it's the sexy right. Uh which is why. I almost never teach it and when.

I do. I teach it. Last because it's sexy embedded commands embedded commands are the closest thing we have uh in conversation hynosis to subliminal messaging and the way it works the way it works. I don't know if.

I have a diagram here or not. I actually. I know. I do.

H it's almost like. I've planned this manual all right. When when you when the average human being talks especially in the. English languages there are three basic tonalities you have statements which are delivered with a flat tonality you have uh questions which are usually.

Del with an upward tonality and. Then you have commands right. Sit ubu sit right. Embedded commands work because embedded within the structure of a statement or the stru structure of a question is a command now the ones.

I like to do are usually involving feeling. States like feel good trust me completely do what. I say enjoy this process right. Simple now you're in order for it to be a command it has to be a verb means you have to be telling them to do something right.

So what does that look. Like visually looks like this you begin your statement you pause you drop your tonality you deliver the command you pause again you just keep talking that's the structure right. Which made more sense when. I described it verbally or when you saw that visual imagery your visual system is the most powerful uh memory dependent part of your brain uh if you were at the memory class on on uh.

Thursday. I said your hands and your eyes. Cover the most real estate in the brain the worst way to learn hypnotic languaging is to listen to it because it's a it's a it's a it's a narrower channel the information has to be sequential and because of the the the structure of hypnotic language it overwhelms your critical faculty like that if you're normal processing speed is seven plus or minus two which it actually isn't it's just a it's. But it's a common when out there the moment you start getting.

H hit with hypnotic languaging you're processing and drops to three plus or minus two. But because it's. Pleasant you don't fight it contrast the most compelling story you've ever heard with reading a technical manual right. Both will create a trance one is infinitely less pleasurable than the other right.

Why because it's creating neurological absorption or overload. But it's not bringing you pleasure it's not creating that. Transportation effect boring lectures same thing you escape into trance rather than being. So sucked up in it you lose the you lose track of time both are transes pleasure will bring you learning faster right.

You want to be 30 how many of you would like to be 30% better at everything just be more playful take yourself less seriously seriousness is a kiss of death seriously all right. So here are some and you might want to you can take a screenshot of this if you want um these are some sample commands that you could practice or play with right. When you become loving right. If you were to think about seeing these things my way right.

So there's an emphasis here what's it like when you remember a time of amazing change right. So speak this lead in pause drop your tonality just keep goinging. So again always always try to have an action verb in there keep your keep your uh commands short now you can use embedded commands in writing you just have to mark them out consistently the way embedded commands work is by pattern recognition okay. So the way your brain recognizes a pattern you have to have at least three right.

But. I wouldn't rely on three embedded commands. I would. I would deploy like 30 35 right.

You can never deliver too many embedded commands you can only just not deliver them well understand. So this is the one that. I teach it. Last for several reasons a when people think of.

NLP or conversational hypnosis this is the. First thing they think about it's either this or thought binds where the more you. X the more you y right. Whether you ride the bus or take your lunch you rapidly buy my.

Next program right. Think about it for a minute whether you. X whether you y you'll still do. Z right.

Whether you want to go into trench really fast or just go there now it's fine right. Bindes. So when people think about. NLP and and language and they think of the the bind the binds that we just talked about they think about these and because people understand what these are and they're sensitized to them they look.

For them sexy gets you caught right. Unless you combine it with other things and it's not your go-to. So you have analog markings you have the. IU shift you have patterns these four when you're telling the story can be deployed together very naturally very organically and you can oscillate between one and the other automatically right.

Again most of what's important is your intention behind the influence. But now remember if you've done your work properly you've constructed your story well already you don't need any of this it just gives you more navigation ability it gives you more amplitude it gives you more things to. Prime and deploy. So the story has to be compelling.

First if the story is not compelling. First they won't sit around long enough to listen they'll start checking their phone finding a reason to go to the bathroom whatever right. So transportability identification have to come. First um and.

Then. Finally the one that. I think most people who spent any time in. NLP um and again in the three-day training you actually get off your ass and do these things like ridiculous amounts of time we do three more we do three times more.

Hands-On training than any other trainer in the industry for every technique you learn you do it three times as a subject three times as the operator um and you have to track all of your all of your repetitions. So we know you've done the work that's what put it in you this is again. I can't do that you know in the space of 90 minutes or whatever. But.

I can give you as much as. I can you can decide how far you want to go and how deep you want to go into this right. Nested. Loops this is the one that you know most people when they think of.

Richard banor they they think of this one this is the nest of loops and this is really cool it works really really well if you can keep track of your stories right. So what the way nested loops work is you start one story at some predetermined point in the story you start another story right. And. Then you you start telling that story and at some predetermined point in that story you start telling another story now the common the common lore is that by the time you hit three levels of.

Story. You've opened these. Loops the brain's waiting for closure. So it's like in this holding pattern you could literally just give a ton of direct suggestions and.

Then you close the. Third story you close the. Second. Story you close the.

First story and they have amnesia for the direct suggestions right. Now you can do some really cool there's some other things you can do with this um you can you can add to this uh how many people have ever heard of something called. The. Boundary effect okay.

I know you all experienced the boundary effect right. How many of you have ever been like brushing your teeth you come with this really great idea you say. I'm going to write that down you walk out into the living room it's gone right. You walk back in put more tooth toothpaste.

I hope it comes back right. The boundary effect is this spontaneous and meic state we experience every time we pass through a door it's called. The. Boundary effect now if you want to really supercharge your transes.

So that your clients can't go back and screw up the work build the boundary effect into your stories right. So in in some of my inductions. I talk about you know um. I don't have time to do a whole one.

But. I talk about close you have a person close her eyes. Filling their body up with light going up through that out of the body into this beautiful cloud of energy right. As they go into this cloud of energy they feel a connection to the that part of themsel that was lost when they took.

On a body they feel the magnitude and the confidence growing stronger and stronger and often the just see this beautiful point of light they find themselves being drawn towards it as they're drawn towards it that light begins to. Blink and glow like like you know how sometimes a dog like when it knows it his master it always seems to know it. Master is going to come home like 20 minutes before they walk in the door dog starts getting all excited starts yipping and bouncing and jumping up and down.
