Title: Hidden Laws of Attraction -  Programming Your Subconscious Mind To Use The Law of Attraction
File Name: 4cagzB_8s90.txt
Video Id: 4cagzB_8s90
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cagzB_8s90

Hello hello hello my friends welcome to hidden laws of attraction um secrets for manifesting health wealth success and happiness we're going to show you today how to use the law of attraction to reprogram your subconscious mind get the life you want the way that you want it my name is dr david snyder and today i'm going to help you kind of navigate this uh this maze of manifestation madness that people uh have have been going through over the past 10 20 30 years uh i'm going to share with you some insights and some uh techniques that have proven over and over and over again to be amazingly powerful amazingly transformational for myself as well as uh for many of my students uh a couple of things before we uh we jump into the content for today i'd like to share with you some administrative details i think it's always important to make sure that those things are are handled and taken care of as well. First and foremost if you are joining us through youtube there is a delay between the time i see a question i answer it and it reaches your platform the chats. However are in real time. So if i see your.

So if i see your question um and i answer it there may be a lag. So a couple of things with regards to questions. First and foremost i absolutely love questions the problem is we have a massive massive amount of content uh today can i increase my volume let me see if i can is that any better i got my volume up about as loud as it will go testing testing one two testing testing can everybody hear me okay. All right.

Everybody says it sounds good i just i don't wanna again sometimes the the technical side it's all on the side of the uh of the people. But. Anyway. So let me just get back to what i'm saying for.

So there's several ways that you can get your questions answered on tonight. First and foremost if i see it and it's relevant to the section of the webinar that we're on or the train network i don't like to call we're doing a webinar because our my job here is to teach you something my job is to send you away with some actionable workable real world tools that you can start implementing right. Away to start making the changes that you want now to affect that what i'm going to need to do is i'm going to ask you to be very interactive with me my my my philosophy has always been the more you put into something the more you get out of it and. So the more you engage in this process before you do the drills to get the skills as we like to say in planet david the more rapidly you're going to experience something and once you've experienced something you open a door to transformation that doesn't close easily okay.

And and we'll talk about that certainly there will be some if you if you've been moving through planet david before you'll see some material that you you have. But you may also see some dimensions to it that you didn't notice before because they weren't relevant to the topic that we're covering tonight which is how to use your program your subconscious mind to use the law of attraction one of the biggest things that we're going to be talking about tonight is why doesn't it always work right. What what is the popular accepted marketed uh aspect of the law of attraction and how does it really work how do we make it even more consistent more malleable or more foolproof i guess is the cause isn't that what we're all looking for all of you are here and again type this in the chat if this is true all of you are here because you want to take the rant more of the randomness out of your life you want less chaos in your life and more of getting what you want the way you want it whenever you want it if that's true for you type that in the chat okay. I certainly don't i could certainly deal with a lot less chaos although i like to be surprised from time to time.

But unfortunately there's usually a lot more entropy you're going to get used to those words two words i want you to write down uh because you're going to hear me using them a lot the. First one is entropy which is another way of saying chaos uh which isn't exact an exact one to one. But it's close enough and. Then the other thing you're going to hear me saying which is a little bit more of a tongue twister and that's called negative entropy or reverse entropy and reverse entropy or negative entropy is the force that moves things from less organized to more organized okay.

You have two forces in this universe there's forces of entropy which we're very familiar with in this newtonian based world that we're moving away from and. Then you have what we call reverse entropy which is what more of the quantum uh systems are teaching us is that there's a faster than light universe out there that things move towards organization as opposed to moving away from organization and you're gonna learn that all of those two scientific phenomena underlie uh much of the ancient laws of attraction. So a lot of the things that i'm going to share with you i'm going to be using old world terminology. But where possible where it's appropriate i'm going to be sharing with you some of the quantum jargon for these kinds of things i spent a lot a lot of years unpacking this i spent probably most of my life seeking out the secrets behind the system the secrets behind the secret.

So to speak. But not just in terms of the law of attraction. But how the universe works from uh from many different levels. So that being said that's where we're going tonight we're going to go into some st again a lot of it is going to be foundational work in other words you have to have this if you want to be able to do the exercise and.

Then what's going to happen i'm going to give you the format for where we're going tonight. So circling back to our youtubers and anybody else who who has questions i love questions and my my goal is always to answer every question i'm given now that may not always happen in the course of the webinar if people ask me a question and uh it's going to take us too far down a rabbit hole away from the focus. Then i will defer that question until. Later.

So the. First way you can ask it is just type it in the chat okay. If i see it and it's relevant i will answer it my uh just i show of hands how many people uh here on youtube and on our zoom platform how many people are first-timers to planet david type that in the chat okay. Type in your.

First name where you're checking in from good excellent excellent. So all of our veterans those of you who can be bopping around at planet david for a while excellent lots lots of new faces i like that all of you veterans who can be bopping around planet david for a while type in your name how long you've been studying our material um and what you think of it in terms of of the results it produces in your life now the reason i'm saying that is because all the new people have questions and you want me to answer your question and i'll do my best to do that. But you also expect me to have an agenda you expect me to try to sell you something or say my shit's the best right. Well don't believe me in fact the best part about most of the content in this webinar is you don't even have to believe it work you don't have to believe in it for it to work for you it's very bizarre.

But the universe has rules and these rules are kind of true whether you believe in them or not and. So a lot of times you can just disperse with with the belief aspect of it uh and just do the mechanical part of it and you'll get a result right. Beliefs can certainly help. But they can also hinder you we're going to go deep dive into the the phenomena of beliefs and how that affects and impacts your law of attraction experts okay.

Or your efforts i'm sorry. So hey if you see a question and answer it type it in check great if for some reason i missed the question. But those veterans input from planet david see the question and you have a real world experience that speaks to that question that answers that question i'm asking all of my veterans the people who've been hanging around planet david for a long time to just go ahead and type in their response to that question tell the people who are brand new to our systems and our materials what they've been able to do and and how it's relevant option three if you're still not satisfied with the answer or you just want my input on it at the end of this webinar this the version of this webinar will go live on our youtube channel if you go to the comments section directly below that replay of tonight's webinar and you type in your question i make it a point for the following week after every webinar that i do to go into each comment and answer every question posted in that comment section i sometimes i go even longer i'll go three four months just going back over every question that's asked and answering it. So you have three ways that you can you can get your questions answered if i don't answer it during the course of the webinar ask your question in the chat if it's relevant and it won't take us too far down the rabbit hole i'll answer it if uh i don't see it or i it's it's uh not directly relevant to what i'm talking about.

But those of you who are veterans of planet david see the question feel free to answer that person and give them your experiences doing what we do. Third option is at the end of the webinar when the replay goes live go to the comments section directly below the video type in your question and over the. Next seven days i will answer every question that's put to me and if i know the answer i will tell you if i don't i will tell you that too and i will point you in the direction of where to go uh to get that information if that if that makes any kind of sense is that fair type if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat cool excellent all right. Next thing my disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time i i'm a teacher who likes to empower his students.

But i also don't i like to cut through the bs my intention is never ever to offend anyone. But i do my best many times to provoke as many people as possible and one of the reasons that you'll find out why this is true is because it's that you don't know you have a problem until you you poke the bear a little bit and when it comes to what we call vibrational alchemy which is preparing your mind and your body to becoming the best version of yourself to becoming a vessel for universal consciousness and the ability to manifest anything you want part of the process is following the things that make you recoil just as enthusiastically as following the things that make you want to run towards it okay. This is one of the things i teach all of my students and that is that the fastest track to growth is moving as enthusiastic towards the things you want to run away from as the things you want to run towards from um getting comfortable being uncomfortable is something that i often tell my students as well okay. So a couple other things a if you're used to short webinars like 90 minute webinars this is not going to be one of those okay.

Most people are used to they log in they get t's t's t's and the guy in the prince says buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff and. Then he hits you with the offer and that's it that's not how this is going to work i'm going to get we we have a very special process that we use it's called the free form webinar. So what's going to happen is for the. Next 60 minutes or.

So i am going to deliver as much foundational actionable workable content as humanly possible now we do have an offer uh connected to the content all the things that we're going to be sharing with you are from systems that we've developed that people have been getting massive results from we put together a special package that has all the courses and all those systems together we've never offered this before this is something completely new in terms of what we've allowed the general public to have access to in fact some of it was just finished some of it was just completed. Last week. So no. One's ever seen it um.

So we will about 60 minutes of actionable deliverable drills and content things designed to get you primed and ready to apply this material in fact you'll be applying it before that we're going to take about 20 to 30 minutes after that we'll talk about the package we've got together for you we'll show you where to go to get that and. Then what's going to happen is once we've completed section 2 of the of the class we're going to circle back we're going to circle back we're going to pick up where we left off in terms of the teaching and we're going to continue to drill and and practice and learn cool being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence technologies uh we're going to learn cool stuff and practice more drills for programming your future clearing your past things of that nature for about another 60 to 90 minutes until people are are you know charged and ready to go and ready to go out and apply the uh the information that we're given. So that's my my goal here is to deliver powerful actionable workable content to take you as far as we can in the time that we have right. Because if this is if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in terms of law of attraction we've got time for this.

So my promise my commitment to you is to teach you as much as i can to take you as far as i can in the time that we have and point you in the direction of where to go for more is that a fair trade type in the chat if you think that's fair and you're ready to go okay. Eric says great yes. Manfred says karen says jody okay. Good excellent lots of familiar as well as new face faces okay.

Cool all right. So with that i'd love like to officially begin the dr david dog and pony show like i said um please make sure that you have lots of stuff to take notes with perfectly something that you can physically write on uh we're going to be doing some drills we're going to be going deep into some content and and again the more you do these drills the more you'll have the experience and the more you have the experience the more you'll realize the truth behind what we're saying and and that's all i care about like if i resonate with you and our stuff works for you use it if if it doesn't if it contradicts things you you've been taught or your religious or spiritual beliefs not my intention to offend you or blaspheme to you. But find somebody whose teachings resonate with you more powerfully okay. That being said i'm going to begin the dr david dog and pony show and just bear with me while i go ahead to sharing my screen yet again all right.

So uh officially officially welcome you to hidden laws of attraction forgotten secrets for manifesting success health wealth and happiness revealed in this webinar we're going to teach you systematically how to reprogram your subconscious mind to use the law of attraction we're going to teach you psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. But we're going to take it even further we're going to show you the vibrational and energetic aspects of these same concepts. So you understand the big picture and why they need to be done the way they're done this way that being said the question might be especially for you new people the question might be well who the hell is dr david snyder and why should i care well i'm glad you asked. First of all i am a doctor of chinese medicine acupuncture and oriental medicine i am a graduate of pacific college of oral medicine is a copy of my diploma right.

Here i've been a licensed and practicing acupuncturist in the state of california i have a clinic here in slot beach uh since 2005 where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is due to repressed emotion now some i'm also a certified hypnotist and master trainer in neurolinguistic programming which i'll talk about in a minute my focus has always been on tapping into the powers of the subconscious mind to treat physiological illness caused by bad feelings bad emotions bad memories trauma things of that nature and. So the scope of my my trainings the scope of my my patients uh runs the gamut from phobias and social anxiety attraction you know dating and attraction skills all the way up to terminal cancer chronic illness multiple sclerosis parkinson's dissociative identity disorder there's a very large broad spectrum of the things that that i've worked with clinically and uh and. So you're getting both sides of of my experience not just the uh the influence and persuasion stuff which we'll talk about in a minute and the vibrational stuff. But it all comes together in this webinar.

So um just to get back to [Music] where i'm at here hold on a. Second okay. Um i'm also like i said before i'm also a certified master hypnosis trainer and master practitioner in neuro-linguistic programming i've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence and what you're seeing here is uh in in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org are you seeing my screen keep you guys seeing my screen okay. Cool sorry about that all right.

Uh in 2020 like i said i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've been in the top five the top two nlp training slots for the. Last five years. So i've been doing this a long time i've been teaching a lot of people i got a little a love note from globalgurus.org in 2020 this i didn't see coming and it says dear dr david with it is a great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro linguistic programming you can see that here when you click on that page you can see once again um that uh hold on a. Second i lost my and it doesn't matter um you can see that we were voted uh number i didn't i didn't even know they were doing this which is kind of a pleasant surprise for me i'm also a lifelong martial artist i've been uh i have a 10th degree black belt in an art called kempo karate which has two sub arts within it those arts deal with manipulating the acupuncture points and meridians of the human body it's an energetic neurological based system uh that teaches which is where the legends of the death touch and and democ and things of that nature uh kind of derive from uh.

So i have a a very long history of working with energetics in terms of influencing human body and mind i have a fourth grade black belt in shaolin kuntao a. Second degree black belt in kosho kampuru a first-degree black belt in fan kuru jiu jitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema and cinco manuscrima and i have a basic instructor certification on in modern ernest under the founder of the system the late professor remy prasas i like to joke that i have more energy healing skills or energy healing credentials and mcdonald's sells hamburgers. But in addition to being a licensed practicing doctor of acupuncture oil and medicine uh i'm an avid energy worker on a hermetic skills practitioner i've been a reiki master and teacher since before reiki was cool i've been practicing kabbalah for almost as long as i've been practicing reiki since before madonna even heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm certified in advanced dna theta healing and manifestation uh i'm a practitioner of the bankston energy healing system which will become very very important as we go deeper and deeper into the content of today's webinar and of course i've been a lifelong qigong practitioner and explorer for many many years practically almost as long as i've been in the martial arts and i've studied a a very broad spectrum of qigong practices as well from medical qigong to iron shirt and golden golden shield qigong some powerful powerful systems.

So you may be asking after going through that laundry list what the hell do all these things have in common well the term is state control and pattern recognition now if you've been on my webinars for more are for for a long period of time you've seen these words before. But what does state control actually mean in terms of the law of attraction what does it mean it means frequency control it means the ability to use your mind and body to apply the seven hermetic laws that govern the universe one of those hermetic laws deals directly with this concept of pattern recognition pattern recognition corresponds to the law of analogy and the law of correspondence in fact all seven laws tend to tend to manifest as patterns once you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear and what's interesting for me was that it was the combination of the neurolinguistic programming the oriental medicine and the martial arts that allowed me to be able to recognize these hermetic patterns and begin to apply them and see them in everything and that's what i'm going to try and do tonight for you is to share with you what i found right. And help you to apply them.

So what estate control and pattern recognition have to do with tonight what does it have to do with success health wealth and happiness well as is often said pretty much everything everything that you do is going to be involving your free control of your frequency and control of the laws that govern the universe now that's one of the biggest challenges that we have when it comes to applying the law of attraction you see one of the problems with that people fail using the law of attraction is that it's not one law there's actually about 14 of them that interact and. So we're going to share with you what the rest of those laws are some will be able to go uh deep dive into others we will have to uh you know we'll have to kind of gloss over and you can circle back and get them from the package we offer or follow up on some of my youtube videos. But my question for you now is are you in the right. Place you see i don't think there's i don't believe in accidents one of the things that that you're going to be discovering as you work deeper and deeper into these systems is they're going to become more aware of serendipitous events synchronicities.

So to speak. So if you're ready to become aware and to take the randomness out of your manifestation work if you're ready to remove blocks to your success and by the way if any of these resonate with you type in yes. For each of the things you hear me read it. So we know we're on that we're in the same place you're ready to take the randomness out of your manifestation work if you're ready to remove blocks to your success to get over limiting beliefs to attract the love health wealth success and more opportunities in your life without and this is the big one without adding more to your everyday workload if you're ready to take your life to the.

Next level and become the best version of yourself go ahead and type in the chat yes. Yes. Yes. I just want to see it okay.

Am i still sharing my screen on my shirt okay. Cool excellent perfect. So you know one of the things that often comes up when we start talking about you know we're talking right. Now we're speaking in very global terms.

But the truth is what is possible i was walking i was looking at facebook. The other day and there was a little meme that went by i think it was an old quote by connected to the army corps of engineers and they said the the difficult we can do immediately the impossible just takes longer. So my question for you is you know and and this is more of an editorial thing what is possible using the law of attraction what is possible for you would you like to become super attractive to the opposite sex maybe even pull your soulmate into your life if you'd like if that's something you'd like go ahead and type that in the chat would you like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence and assertiveness and power to move through the world being this charisma magnet that just draws people to you like a moth to a flame if that's something you like this you're in the right. Place if you would like to pull more money into your life make more money in your job start that new business book.

More clients write the book. Or manifest the book. Or the the video course or whatever it is you that's driving your bus if that's what's possible for you if you felt like you've often been the victim of people's negative psychic attacks you know whether a lot of psychic attacks are actually random being a technical term. But a lot of them are directed you know if you've ever heard of things like the evil eye and and things of that nature there are people out there who have this weird vibrational ability to just throw a whammy into your energy field like a zip file that unpacks and causes to go wrong if you're worried about that kind of stuff you're going to be glad you stayed on this webinar because i'm going to teach you uh exactly how that stuff works and how you can begin to fix it shane newberry is asking does the law of attraction exists no.

Because it's not one law like i said before it's like seven to 14 different laws that work together under the ages of law of attraction we're going to cover what the common wisdom is regarding that. But uh there's a lot more okay. So going back to what is possible would you like to have people thinking feeling acting the way you want them to like almost organically almost like they thought of it themselves chances are you're going to want to hang out on this webinar if you'd like to be able to inspire your employees or even recruit the right. People into your life surround yourself with lots of new and trustworthy loyal friends if you'd like to be able to program the universe to bring you whatever you want influence human beings to think along the lines that you do to like love and trust you all those things are possible for you and going back to that quote of army engineers uh having experienced some patently impossible things myself difficult we can do immediately many times and possible just takes a little bit longer we're going to talk about that as we get deeper into the content of this webinar okay.

So let me go back to my powerpoint. So here's what we're going to do if you stay until the end of this webinar this is what i can promise you if you stay until this webinar my personal promise to you is this i will teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and magnetize yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness using the real laws notice the plural laws of attraction i'm going to teach you step by step how to change your vibration to match what you want to attract now i'm going to hear you say this multiple times throughout the webinar the law of attraction says you will attract into your life these situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts that those thoughts being analogous or equivalent to a vibrational range of frequencies okay. We need to learn how to fine-tune that process fine-tuning that process will almost always go back to a series of mental and physical pro mechanical steps that you take you don't have to believe they'll work you just gotta do the steps okay. And if you do that i'm gonna teach you once again how to use those things to remove the blocks to your manifestation success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs many of the times we'll teach you about how to get rid of the beliefs you didn't even know you had and that's going to be a big piece of tonight's uh training.

So stick with us and uh and follow the stress and if you go if you stick with us to the end you will be led step by step by step in the exact steps needed to go from interesting information to maximum manifestation in minimum time does that sound like a good a good uh itinerary for tonight if you think. So go ahead and type that in the chat for me. So i can see you i need to know you love it i need to know you want it cool all right. Excellent.

So let me go and again i'm going to be popping back and forth between my powerpoints and all the different um nomenclature i've got on my screen tonight lana says. So far. So good i manufactured this webinar okay. So here's a little bit a little bit of a drill down pardon me here's a little bit of a drill down on some of the things that uh the the big areas that i'm going to focus on and.

Then i have a whole whole program now here's the thing um in the time that we have i don't know i i have a lot planned one of the things i do when i do a webinar is i always have a lot more planned um than many times the time allows for. But i will take you as far as i can and 99.99 of the things i'm gonna we're going to talk about are in that in that package that we're going to talk about at about the one hour mark or the 1 hour 15 mark okay. So for those of you ready here's what we're going to do we're going to teach you the two most important factors for success three ingredients to achievement um rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about body centered energy psychology how to reprogram your subconscious mind programming your future and clearing your past and. Finally how to take control.

So let's start with the big piece for today why the law of attraction doesn't work hold on a. Second let me close this all right. So once again we said that the law of attraction the basic law of attraction you will attract into your life situations circumstances and events that are in harmony okay. So in the vibrational universe and again i don't know what your view of the cosmos is if you're uh you know if you believe there's a an elderly old man with a flowing white beard passing judgment on you or whether you believe it's a goddess who's all loving and all nurturing and things of that nature when people try to applaud apply the law of attraction the.

First problem is they think if they think that they're it is this concept of their dominant thoughts the problem is we don't actually know what our dominant thoughts are we think we know. But we don't here's what i mean let me go back to looking at you in the screen. So if all there was to the law of attraction was just thinking one thing over and over and over again it would be easy. But you see what we focus on as dominant thoughts are actually our conscious thoughts and the problem with that is is that most of the limiting beliefs that we have most of the negative thoughts that we have again this comes from my work in trauma dealing with people who have all kinds of post-traumatic stress and things of that nature the thoughts you're consciously aware of are not your dominant thoughts okay.

That's the. First piece your truly dominant thoughts are the belief systems and the memories that are negative and limiting you that are below the threshold of conscious awareness now in the class i just finished called vibrational healing we talked about a phenomena in the person in the mind of a person and this was discovered actually by the military remote viewers when they were prep when they were when they were experimenting with remote influence okay. There is a phenomena a mechanism in the human body called the limit as if you've ever heard the term subliminal or paraliminal this lemon limin acts like a firewall between what you're consciously aware of and what you're unconsciously aware of now the thing we need to understand about um your unconscious mind is it does not process things linearly it can process them linear. But its default status to just group things together by what they have in common it holds on to your long-term memories and that is the problem you see uh the conscious mind act and there's an aspect in your conscious mind called the critical faculty that only lets through things that match the dominant world view inside.

So if you can imagine you have a um the outside world information coming in you have a little guardian like a little like a little bouncer outside of a bar who decides who goes in and who doesn't and. Then you have all these files back here and this bouncer's job is to make sure that people only the only people who can go in are people who match what's the kind of people that are already in here. So let's say again this is kind of my nunzio joke right. I have we have we have two brothers we have guido and we have nunzio guido is the guy at the door nunzio nunzio's the guy in the filing room.

So a message comes in from the outside world right. And it says david is an awesome dude everybody should learn his stuff hi i'm david i'm an awesome dude and everybody should learn my stuff guido looks at him and goes oh yeah let me check hey nothing deal what do you want there's a guy up here says he's. So. So he's cool and i should let him in is it right.

Is it true i don't know let me check now he's a dick all right. Get the out of here right. And and the thought is kicked out right. But what's going on in that filing cabinet room is all the things that you've already accepted is true about your world below the threshold of conscious awareness right.

So let's say another thought comes in from the outside world right. Um hi how you doing i'm david and i'm a flaming butt head guido looks up yes. Oh yeah let me check yo nunzio there's a guy at the front door says david's a flaming butt head is that true i don't know let me check oh yeah he's a dick go on in and the negative thought goes in. So what happens many times if you how many of you have ever had this experience just real quick how many of you ever had this experience you have a friend who's convinced they suck and nothing you tell them will convince them otherwise ever had it happened doesn't matter what you say doesn't matter what you do you've just run smack dab into guido okay.

Now that i'm making a little bit of a joke. But this faculty this filter is a job that's it's a very important job because if guido wasn't there every thought every idea every whim that came that you encountered would change your brain and it would be chaos. So this guido's doing a good job right. He's his job is to keep thoughts from coming in that may change you too rapidly too deeply or and you ready for this are not in harmony with what's already there your dominant thoughts.

So guido's thinking in the moment which is what your conscious mind does. But your unconscious mind is processing and running those movies of your life 24 hours a day seven days a week 365 days a year and every time something comes through that matches what's already there that movie gets an extra an extra litter of juice to it those my friends are your dominant thoughts okay. If you want if you have that little voice in your head that talks to you at all different times of the day right. If you're wondering what i'm talking about it's the little voice in your head that just said what voice you've just encountered your dominant thoughts now most people understand that they have to think positive and be positive to to affect change to to utilize the law of attraction the problem with that is is that they're using their willpower to do it and the problem with willpower is it's a finite resource you have as much willpower as you've had sleep and blood sugar how many of you have ever noticed that when you're really tired your thoughts get really negative let me notice that okay.

There's a clue there if your thoughts are negative what frequency are you sending out to the universe type it in the chat negative exactly. So here's here's something that always makes it some people laugh make some people cringe how many of you people here are familiar with the concept of affirmations type it in the chat if you're familiar with the concept of affirmations okay. Now here's where it gets fun how many of you only start doing f usually don't start doing affirmations until you're in a shitty mood in other words you do affirmations to get out of your bad mood type it in the chat it's okay. I'm not gonna i'm not gonna judge you you ever wonder why you ain't manifesting what you want it's because you're starting off in a negative state eighty percent of your effort is going to changing your state instead of manifesting the thing you want.

So and manfred's got it right. First thing that has to happen is before you start doing any form of manifestation work you got to take out the trash you gotta change your vibration you gotta change your state how many of you here would like to be thirty percent better at everything how many people like me thirty percent smarter 30 percent more creative 30 percent more aware 30 percent more perceptive 30 uh better at manifesting everything you know what you got to do you got to be playful what's up think of it we we associate higher vibrational states with positive emotions don't we yes. Or yes. As t harvecker would say right.

So it makes sense does it not that if you're going to apply the law of attraction and and the law of attraction is based on this concept of vibration that you will pull into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts you got to change your state you got to get that right. Before you get everything else now the best part is changing your state actually isn't that hard there's only two elements that you need to tap into to to change your state in as little as two minutes if you're slow right. If you're one of our students you can do it instantly. But for beginners we say the two-minute rule right.

Now if you're familiar with amy cuddy's work on power poses your posture and your breathing those are the two things you need to change that's it right. We're going to go way deeper than that. But change your posture change your breathing you can't hold a negative state okay. So what you're going to see as we go through the content of the webinar today is that everything that you're going to be doing is going to be founded on this idea of integrating mind and body integrating breath and consciousness okay.

And if you do it properly 99 of the things that you you put out to the universe will come back to you in a positive way at some point the only thing i can't predict is the variable the duration because things that at the at the non-local years at the causal level right. Happen you know cause effect boom it's they're just they're one and the same. But as they come down through the different planes of energy this factor of time comes in right. So we're going to talk about something in the kabbalah called light and vessel and and that kind of leads us back to some of the reasons why people's manifestation work doesn't pay out there are several reasons that people don't get the changes that they want you're going to find that they're going to distill down to two big categories.

But let's see if any of these resonate with you just really quick okay. Again these are just things i jotted down off the top of my head the. First and biggest one i find you know once we get past this idea of state control is ignorance of the other laws like i said the the common wisdom when we talk about the law of attraction is that it's one law it isn't and if you don't understand these other laws and how they kind of merge and interact together to create what we commonly believe as the law of attraction um you can run into stumbling blocks um time and time again okay. Another one is missing ingredients and and this is one where again it could be an ignorance of the laws of attraction.

But many times it's a lack of consciousness and what i mean by that is if you're going to work with how many people here are familiar with the concept of thought forms anybody here understand what a thought form is or how to you know work with energy okay. In the concept of um creating these thought forms one of the things that often happens is we visualize something right. We visualize a picture or we create a vision board of what we want. But we don't integrate we don't integrate our breath work and our intent we do intention and we do uh visualization.

But we don't integrate breath work we don't integrate vibrational substance okay. And. So many times we're seeing a pretty picture. But we're not energizing it or we are seeing a beautiful picture and our mind is kind of focused on that.

But we're not in the right. State right. Sometimes what you'll notice and how many uh one of the things you'll notice is that there's this element of timing in our manifestation work now we don't cover a lot of that here in this webinar because honestly if you need to manifest something uh it's usually not practical to wait till the dark of the moon or the new moon or the vernal equinox to do that kind of work you need something you need it now you need to do the work now. So we kind of override that timing system a little bit.

But there is a timing aspect if you take a a volt meter or a magnet i forget with gauss meter or something and you run it along an acupuncture meridian what you'll notice is that the electrical conductivity the the resistance between the outside of the skin and the inside of the body diminishes dramatically at acupuncture points this element of timing in our manifestation work functions in a very similar way there are certain vibrational apertures certain locations in your home because of the consciousness that grows in your home and i'll come back to that in a minute where the resistance between one vibrational level and the another is very thin it's very permeable in fact in vibrational healing and in vibrational influence in the uk i taught a very special meditation system called the kuji inn or kujikiri which is designed to create a grid that can be used to push intentions through that vibrational void for manifestation purposes. So if you see vibrational healing i actually did a reiki attunement utilizing the kuji um on on the class and the intuit was. So strong that two people who were smokers they went to smoke a cigarette either walking back from the from the training room through the casino. They got nauseous they couldn't smoke anymore it was that powerful.

So um these are all things that again are our applications of the principles that that we're giving you we'll teach you a little bit about how that works in kabul which has some other effects that david doesn't know about yet apparently other people are having interesting interesting experiences. Anyway um point is is that there's there's certain ingredients that are missing right. And that kind of brings us back to if you understand the laws of of attraction or the laws of the hermetic principles that govern the universe the metaphysical as well as the physical universe and that's the beauty of these hermetic laws is that one of the things that that becomes very very apparent very very quickly is that the physical laws of nature mirror the hermetic laws and. So there's a one-to-one correspondence we talked about the law of correspondence all right.

Sometimes it's because and this is a big one let me show this really quick why do people fail refusal to change you know one of my teachers um in the illuminescence system and shared a quote with me that she got from her mother and she said david actually was taylor. But we'll say it was me he says you can be do or have anything in this life that you want. But. First you must become the person for whom that thing can happen to and this leads us to a concept from the kabbalah called light and vessel kabbalah teaches us that there is this infinite light of from divine providence now depending on what name of god you're using you can tap into different frequencies and i'll teach i teach that uh in other courses.

But it is possible it works really really well. But you have to have a vessel that can attune and channel those frequencies into manifestation now what happens many times is there's something that we want. So let's say um you're a high school graduate right. And maybe you you're like me uh in terms of i graduated high school in 1984 okay.

And i studied this that and the other thing never went to college okay. I kept trying to to become this respected well-known uh someone who's taken seriously and make a lot of money and be successful in the way i wanted to and no. Matter where i went no. Matter what i did no.

Matter how many courses i took. I couldn't break through certain barriers right. And i kept trying to find a way around the barrier i refused to change i refused to do the one thing that i knew i had to do if i wanted to pass through that membrane and that was go to college to invest the money the time the energy to go through a process that would change me in such a way that the universe would let that energy through and it took. I guess that i i didn't start college till i was 33 years old i'm using my my example and again some of you have you know somebody went into college right.

Out of high school somebody went into business doesn't matter we all have our own our own journeys together. But it wasn't and i honestly if it hadn't been for the benevolence and the urging of a very wonderful woman uh who i was living with at the time who almost literally drug me by the ear into the admissions office um i probably i don't know if i'd have ever gotten to college. But something was put in my path where i was given a choice i was at that proverbial fork in the road and each and every one of us each and every day remember i said we i talked about synchronicities and serendipities and things of that nature at any given moment your future is set based on the current level of consciousness that you're holding as you begin the process of journeying and raising your consciousness your perception and awareness the meaning that you assign to certain moments you get more choices and those moments of awareness those moments of perception are what allow you to move from the future that you're destined to have to a different future all right. The kabbalists called it the they likened it to a um every person has comes into this world with a set level of consciousness and a golden path and that's a taoist thing.

But if you think your your life is from their perspective your life is actually predestined it's predetermined based on the consciousness you have if you do nothing in other words if you don't do anything to raise your consciousness to become a better version of yourself to follow that divine instinct inside of you that wants you to be more. Then this is the life you will lead it's preset. But as you go through these processes and each and every one of you feel it each and every one of you has this this divine urge inside of you to be more to have more to do more to fulfill some purpose in this world you wouldn't be on this webinar if it weren't true and as you take the steps to expand your consciousness and you begin to have more choices in the meaning you assign to the same data you get you gain the ability to take the old video cassette out of the player and put in a new one okay. Um how many of you are familiar with the again i'm telling stories here.

But i think it's it's relevant how many of you are familiar with the story of the chinese horse type in the chat if you're familiar with it i'll give you the real quick um all right. For some of you aren't. So chinese farmer and his son are working the fields one day horse comes out comes wandering out of the woods son is all excited says oh my god this is amazing dad we have a horse there's no. Markings on it there's nothing that that shows who owns it we have a new horse that means that we can plow twice as much field we can grow twice as much crops we can make twice as much money this is the luckiest day ever the old farmer looks at the horse looks at the sun says we'll see a couple weeks.

Later the sun's trying to train the horse getting him to plow the field something spooks the horse horse throws the kid kid breaks his leg all the villagers rush in to help they look. At the horse they look. At the kid they say that is the unluckiest horse ever if you hadn't had that horse it wouldn't have hindered your son and he wouldn't have a broken leg now that is an unlucky horse you should get rid of that horse that's the unluckiest horse ever oh man looks horse looks at his son looks at the farmers or the villager says we'll see a week after that after the sun's broken his leg the emperor soldiers marched through town on the way to some battle and some far-off land they conscript every single able-bodied young man in the village to go fight in this distant war except a farmer's son who's laid up with a broken leg and all the villagers come out and they look. At the horse they look.

At the sun they look. At the farmer he says that horse is. So lucky if that horse hadn't thrown your son he'd have gone off to war with everybody else that is the luckiest horse old man looks at the horse looks at his son looks at the villagers and says we'll see now here's the point the facts of the story the facts of the story never changed horse wandered out of the woods through the sun the facts of the story never changed what did perspective and the meaning that you assigned to those events that is what changing your consciousness is about and when you can change your consciousness you can change your future. But the key word is change you see if we decide this is the way the world is and this is how it has to be and this is who i need to be.

Then the events around us may shift. But because we haven't changed we haven't decided to become the person who can have that experience that awareness that understanding will miss it right. How many people here know somebody who's extremely lucky anybody here someone who's extremely lucky don't you hate those people it's like my friend scott my friend scott is the luckiest on the planet okay. If a a a a helicopter or a um a plane we're passing overhead carrying uh you know a safe filled with like 50 000 and for some reason it fell it fell out of the plane and and busted open on the way out the money would fall in my friend scott sunroof the crate would fall in my car okay.

I'm making a joke. But that's how lucky he is right. Now what's interesting is that luck all vibrational aspects aside luck is is attributed to a series of perceptual filters in other words consciousness they took. A they took.

A a bunch of psychologists wanted to figure out if there were attributes that all lucky people had. So they improvised a set of experiments these experiments were done in the uk they they rented out a restaurant for a weekend and they divided people up into three groups lucky people unlucky people and average people they placed a 20-pound note on the floor and sent each group in one at a time and they calibrated they wanted to figure out do lucky people have different perceptions and unlucky people who have different perceptions than average people here's what they found out when they sent the average people in the average amount of time it took. For them to spot the uh the 20 pound note was about average when they sent the lucky people in it was like the. First thing they oriented the minute they walked in that everyone every one of the lucky people found it boom right.

As far as we know the unlucky people are still looking for the restaurant okay. What changes the facts don't change the perceptual filters do you got that what controls your perceptual filters your state your vibrational feel the free the feelings in your body have a direct impact on your reticular activating system the reticular activating system of your body is the orientation mechanism if i walk into a room a lot of you heard me talk about a phenomenon known as the emotional refractory period right. If i walk into a room and i'm in a good mood and there are 10 pieces of data in that room that i could focus on eight of them eight of them are positive two of them are negative if i go into that room in a negative state what do i orient on. First go ahead and type in the chat the negative exactly if i go into that room in a positive state what do i orient on.

First positive stuff it's very intuitive if you think about it this is the problem though we have to change now here's the here's the simple hack for this if you want to change your vibrational frequency if you want to change your vibrational frequency. So you can become more aware more perceptive more conscious manifest more easily you must change your body feelings you've heard me say this in other webinars. But if you haven't write this down everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of fastest way to change your feelings change your posture change your breathing within two minutes the science shows you will go into a more positive state right. In our identity by design program and our secrets of personality transformation program we give you a seven stage process for renovating your entire brain from the inside out for going having these four powerful default driver states that are just on autopilot for you playful curiosity relentless triumph they're just on tap for you and you can activate them anytime you want you can control your state by changing your posture changing your breathing.

So it's see how it's all starting to connect on a mechanic you don't got to believe any of this you just got to do it okay. So i'm going to go through um some of these other things really quick and. Then i want to do a couple exercises and. Then we will uh we'll talk about the package we put together for you and.

Then if it's okay. With you i'd like to circle back and build on the foundations we're laying here. So you can start to clear up your past program your future and utilize the law of attraction the way that you want to use it does that sound like a fair fair trade i'm going to go a little bit faster through these things is that okay. Go ahead and type in the chat cool excellent all right.

So let's look. At let's go back to my list here and again if you have questions about any of these things uh and i don't see it in the chat please just go ahead when the when the video goes live go ahead and just type it in the chat and uh we'll build on that okay. Uh. So tainted thoughts and beliefs limiting beliefs this is the big one we've been been led to believe that the thoughts we're conscious of are in fact our dominant thoughts they are not they are the most transient of thoughts the dominant thoughts that we have are the ones that lie below the lemon in other words they are subliminal and they are like movies on autoplay this is especially true in the case of traumatic events and experiences every traumatic experience you have is like a little pocket dimension see the human being is a holographic information processing system it's light-based information comes in from the causal universe it's refracted and interpreted into five channels of information that are on a vibrational matrix okay.

And you relate to that recording that you've made okay. And when you're dealing with trauma especially when you're going to unpack the traumatic memories these traumatic memories are like little pocket dimensions there's a fragment in that holographic container of your consciousness that knows everything that you knew up to the moment that trauma occurred and nothing more. So think of it like a a music video or something just on autoplay just keeps playing over and over and over again it's outside of time and space as far as your neurology is concerned. But it's running constantly and as you go through life as more and more things come through that filter that match your unconscious mind starts to group them all together and as they start to group them all together that vibration connected to that ex that level of experience grows stronger and it runs below the threshold of your conscious awareness and it taints your attempts to do dominant thing to control your positive thoughts now a lot of people try to brute force positive thinking they often wind up with all kinds of weird diseases okay.

Because they're repressing the negative thoughts every time you encounter a situation or a circumstance or event that has a negative correlation inside of you your body replays the experience and. Then you have to stuff it down. So have you guys ever had this experience um maybe you had a bad experience at a certain location you're going to that location for a completely different reason with people maybe you like you walk into that place and the moment you see the the uh the environment you get a bad feeling you ever have that experience type in the chat if you have an experience okay. Excellent excellent now here's something that maybe again there's mechanisms at play here and if you don't understand that if nobody explains what the purpose behind these mechanisms are you'll assign a different meaning that's not useful.

So anytime your neurology presents a negative feeling to you what it's trying to do is say hey this is unresolved you need to fix this. But we don't interpret it that way we say oh that's a bad feeling i need to think positive stuff it back down well here's the problem for every unit of negative energy that you keep locked in your body which is analogous to those negative experiences you need an equal or greater amount of energy to keep it there which means in the long term you're actually adding more energy to the negative feeling until you clear it your neurology is trying to help you do that how many of you have been driving along on a beautiful sunny day maybe you have a convertible the sunroof's open the tops down you listen to your favorite song not a care in the world and the. Next thing you know a shitty memory from when you were 12 pops out of nowhere or five pops out of nowhere how many have ever had that happen type it in the chat did you just go rushing off before the side of the road to deal with that negative or did you do what 99.99 of us do i want to think about that true not true right. The mechanism is trying to help you.

But you see your unconscious your neurology your autonomic nervous system and your conscious mind do not speak the same language your conscious mind places a meaning or an interpretation on every body feeling that comes up that may have absolutely nothing to do with what's really going on okay. How many of you have had a lot of people were talking about affirmations yes. Would it be useful would it be useful to be able to tell the difference between the beliefs and the thoughts you know about and the beliefs and the thoughts you don't would that be helpful all right. We're gonna do a drill okay.

Now you've all done affirmations yes. All right. So here's how this works when you do an affirmation what you're going to i want you to begin to become aware of this now when you give yourself an affirmation there will be actually two kinds of feelings there will be one that's very obvious very in the forefront of your imagination and there will be one in the background. So think of um think of something you really really want.

But you haven't gotten it yet right. And like say uh um i like let's say i'm always i'm always very weight conscious because i want to look. Good naked right. I'm very vain that way.

So maybe an affirmation that i might say to myself is i deserve to weigh a slim trim sexy 163 pounds i deserve to weigh a slim trim sexy 163 pounds now as i build up that positive energy and i start seeing myself that way i'll have good feelings. However if you've ever done an affirmation and you have almost this background feeling of ick and whatever have that it's like it's like 80 90 positive there's this little background e you ever have that right. Let me explain to you what that means every time you give yourself an affirmation and you don't have a hundred percent grab i'm going to show you a very powerful technique that gives you 100 by the way it's a new way to do affirmations completely change your neurology every time you find one of those little ick feelings is a negative thought connected to that it's tainting the vibration that you're sending out to the universe and because of the the reason you don't pay as much attention to it is because it's coming from your subconscious mind rather than your conscious mind which brings us to one of the most important things um in terms of technique and understanding that i want you to have in terms of vibrational alchemy in terms of programming your own mind and body to utilize the law of attraction and it's coming it's going to it's what we call the six dynamics of an unconscious response you guys ready for this yes. Or yes.

Cool all right. So let me find the right. Page okay. If you want to take a screenshot of this you can um or you can just take notes either way is fine this is one of the most important slides that you're going to see today this is about dialoguing with your subconscious mind remember this whenever you talk to your subconscious mind your unconscious mind always answers.

First and it's almost usually non-verbal it's almost always a feeling of some kind it'll always answer you honestly it will always feel like you're making it up you'll almost always have an urge to edit what just came up it will never be loud you'll almost always be quiet or distant like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind just like when you do those affirmations you have that big in your face positive feeling you're you're consciously generating and. Then in the background there's a little icky feeling like it's almost like almost like you should be ignoring it right. And we tend to that's that never loud remember that the unconscious mind is the deepest most powerful pervasive part of you. But the the quality of with which it answers is always in the background okay.

It's always in the background and this for those of you who want to be alchemist want to tap into the law of attraction and really transform your mind and body and your vessel to become more powerful more higher vibrationally oriented you need to understand this concept this this characteristic your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system your vibrational systems will always answer you. First they'll always answer you honestly they'll always feel like you're making it up you'll always have an urge to edit what just came up right. For those of you who are hypnotists or coaches anytime you do any kind of regression work a lot of times you go you go back you help somebody go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of x y z problem person comes in because they're going through a divorce with their wife at the age of 35 you tell the subconscious mind go back to the very.

First scene situation or event that is the source of this problem all of a sudden they're five years old watching their parents arguing in the living room a person's conscious mind goes that can't be right. That was i was five years old has nothing to do with my divorce now yes. It does as far as your unconscious mind is concerned it has everything to do with it okay. It has everything to do with it.

But this is one of the characteristics of the subconscious mind is that it has no. Time sense as we understand it consciously as far as your neurology is concerned as far as your unconscious mind is concerned everything that's ever happened to you is still happening and it's going to keep happening until you go back in and fix it and that's what i'm going to share with you today is we're going to show you how to begin to find these things identify them and begin the process of fixing them and. Then we're going to take these same mechanisms and show you how to put things into your future into your manifestation mecha devices that will manifest for you okay. So we're laying the foundations now we're gonna in a few minutes we're gonna talk about the the packaging we've put together for you and.

Then we're gonna circle back and we're gonna we're gonna continue this process of alchemy is that fair go ahead and type that if you think that's that's fair this is gonna i warned you ahead of time this is gonna be a long one guys uh there's a lot to do here um and as much as i'm as long as we're gonna go tonight there are literally weeks and months of material that back this up and build on this. So just stay with us uh and just follow the instructions okay. All right. So let's go back to um these six dynamics right.

The. Last piece and i just shared with you is almost never linear right. The problem is is that we don't understand these rules. So when we talk to our system we try to dialogue with ourselves we believe that the subconscious mind will answer us like the conscious mind.

But it doesn't it always the answers it gives you will always match these dynamics if and believe me when i tell you you don't have to believe me. But if you follow these six parameters when you're working with your system you'll get better information you will get it faster and the information that you get will be useful you'll be able to make changes at a deeper more powerful level because every single one of these will almost always have a body feeling which is analogous vibrational frequency and you'll know when you've cleared it because that feeling will change right. Everything that god that controls you is vibrational in nature okay. Everything all right.

So um. So what's possible with this well you can use it to remove limiting beliefs you can get rid of negative emotions and an f at the end of your emotions you can overcome procrastination and resistance you can program your future you can become the best version of yourself you get the life you want the way you want it. But not until you understand this if you want to do the change work yourself most of us are dyi diyers we want to do things ourselves right. Most of my students fall into one of three categories the biggest demographic are the people who want to fix their own stuff right.

They want to learn the stuff we've got they want to they want to do it themselves that's my biggest demographic smaller portion they want my help to fix their stuff right. They call us up at the clinic they come in we work with them through zoom or one-on-one or whatever slightly higher price tag right. Then they have what i call the special kind of stupid people these are the human angels of the world these are the people who want to move through the world helping other people fix their stuff god bless them. But you're a special kind of stupid anybody here want to go around fixing other people's stuff have that urge okay.

That's okay. Right. Again if you're here just for yourself start with yourself it's always about you. First you're no.

Good to the world broke you're no. Good to the world weak you're no. Good to the world sick you're not good to the world afraid all the good you have to share with the world is based on your ability to express yourself to exert power and influence in the universe and that's what you're here to do if you follow this the processes i'm sharing with you you will have more personal power and that personal power will manifest in a more charismatic way of moving through the world it will tend to manifest in a higher bank account it will tend to manifest in greater opportunities and being taken more seriously by the people around you those are all things that can happen as a result of of doing these processes right. If you've been constantly overlooked uh shuffed off to the corner nobody puts baby in a corner right.

You've never had those experiences where nobody takes you seriously that's all about to change if you do what i'm telling you to do okay. So six six dynamics of an unconscious response always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's almost never loud it's always soft or distant like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind it's almost never linear guaranteed it's almost number one here if you apply those six characteristics if you apply those six characteristics to any work that we do from this point forward your level of success will skyrocket okay. Avoid over analyzing the things that come up okay.

Because the conscious mind will try to apply its filters to that that information almost always be wrong almost always okay. Let me go back to my list of things i want to talk about um all right. Let's do this all right. So here's the.

First thing we're going to do we're going to do two drills. Then we're going to go ahead we're going to we're going to present the offer that we have. But each of you came onto this webinar with something that you really wanted to take away in other words there was one or two things that were really important to you that the information on this webinar was designed to get for you i want you to stop and want to take out a piece of paper okay. I want you to take out a piece of paper and i want you to write down this question what i want to take away from this webinar is what this webinar will do for me is either one of those or both and physically write the answer down when you've done that go ahead and type done in the chat.

So i can see you done excellent done done done perfect perfect perfect excellent now i don't have my template. So i'm just going to have to do this on the top of my head now underneath that write a line with this question on it what's important about blank. So the. First question was what i want to take away from this webinar what i want to get from this webinar on this.

Next question i want you to write down what's important about getting that what's that going to do for you right. So if you've got the thing that you answered in question number one what's important about that okay. When you've done that type done in the chat i'm going to share with you one of the most powerful energetic frequency changing tools on the planet in just a moment perfect now here's the. Next piece underneath the line where you wrote what's important and answered the question write the same question what's important about that now write the answer to the question above it.

So if you've done this properly what i want to get out of this webinar answer what's important about that answer what's important about that answer write the answers make sure you write the answers okay. And. Then. Finally ultimately if i got x i got a and b and c ultimately what's important about that.

So you're going to answer that question three times on the question previous write your answers down write your answers down type done in the chat this is part one perfect you guys are really responsive i'm really i'm really proud of how how active you guys are you guys are going to do well you guys can do really really well with this all right. Here's what i need to do now if you're driving don't do this if you're driving don't do this okay. Um if you want to do this and you're driving or operating machinery or something pull off to the side of the road any place where you're not going to endanger yourself or other people stand up take it take an inventory of your body in other words notice how your body feelings okay. And now pick up your paper look.

At the questions and the answers you've written and as loud and as energetically and enthusiastically as you can read them out loud from beginning to end just the answers just the answers from level one all the way down five times read them out loud five times type done in the chat when you've done that perfect all right. Now here let me ask you a question what happened what happened to the feelings in your body what happened to the feelings in your body when you spoke those answers out loud type it in the chat what happened feel pumped as hell change of state like flying do you think this is a higher vibrational state what do you think would happen if you did affirmations now achiness disappeared very good betty right. So as you link all these positive feelings and the desire to have them to what i'm about to teach you. Next realize that when we come back from this.

Next step in the process we're going to build on these feelings and do everything we can in the time that we have to move you towards the attainment of those things is that fair excellent you guys ready ready to hear what i have for you are you willing to take action on it when i share it with you because this is two reasons people don't succeed they have a set of beliefs that don't don't support them and they don't take the actions you got to take the actions if you want to move forward okay. We'll talk about light and vessel when we come back all right. Excellent you guys are rocking this tonight all right. Um that being said hold on a.

Second with your permission i'd like to teach you about something i've got coming up called the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery program this is a set of programs that i've taught all over the world. But i've never put them together i've never bundled them together in this way and if you follow the sequence of trainings in this program you will see well you will rapidly master your mind and body connection you'll connect all of your energy bodies and begin to access source in such a way that your mind and your body become ultra magnetic and the involvement of attraction and uh manifestation will happen faster and faster within you you will gain the control over your life that you've been looking for. So let's talk about this the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about magnetizing yourself for more money pulling more love into your life getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident more powerful more charming charismatic and resistable and by the way one of the things you hear talked about a lot in in the self-help fields is this concept of personal power let me explain my belief about money and personal power i believe that money is an equivalent of a person's personal power it's a transferable changeable way of your ability to have power and influence and exert your your will in the world.

So the more what i believe now is that the more powerful you become inside and out the more money you will magnetize into your life as a natural byproduct of that that that self-work and the actions that you're taking. So this is what i put together this offer is only good for today july 15 2021 11 59 pm everything i'm about to share with you goes away. So um. First we're going to start with one of my favorite programs of all time this is called the hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course this is going to teach you systematically how to build on the foundations of what i've been talking about in this webinar to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you desire how to find and remove blocks to your health wealth success and happiness that you didn't even know you had how to become a money magnet and how to change and uh using simple mechanical principles how to price your products and services in such a way that you don't have to worry about your self-esteem being as much of a factor anymore we'll teach you how to influence people remotely how to find and remove hidden negativity clear up the issues that you just don't seem to go away we're going to teach you a very powerful new information method for programming your mind that's in harmony with how your nervous system processes information.

Anyway this takes the old concept of affirmations and completely transforms it into a nuclear-powered manifestation motivation tool in fact all you need to do is three to five of these new types of affirmations and you will be. So super charged you won't believe we'll play with that a little bit. Later you'll be able to attract things you want and change what you deserve in minutes you'll be able to delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past the ones you didn't even know you had you'll be able to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people into your life. So you can just move through working less hard you ever notice that lucky people don't seem to work as hard as everybody else and yet they seem to get more return on their investment there are five key traits that all lucky people have in common before you even start factoring in all the vibrational and karmic aspects we're going to teach all that stuff too.

But once you install and magnify these traits into your mind your body will actually help you to become more lucky your reticular activating system that perceptual filter and emotional refractory period will start to draw your attention to secret opportunities that were all around you at the time. But you couldn't see because of the frequency and the consciousness that you have you know it's ridiculous how powerful this is you'll discover image cycling the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation i have ever discovered you've probably heard me talk about image cycling many many times if you've ever heard me talk about the bankston energy healing system uh the image cycling process that i use was based on that and it has really produced powerful i don't want to use the word miracles. But really it it's produced miraculous changes in my life and it's produced miraculous changes in the lives of many of my students in fact those of you who are veterans of planet david if you've used any of the techniques mentioned here and gotten and gotten the results you went for powerfully consistently go ahead and type your experiences in the chat. So people on our call on our webinar can actually understand that this is for real go ahead and do that each of these is its own its own product each is worth a 297 value.

But really when you put it all together you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. But there's a whole lot more to what we put together for you this is the foundation of course. But let's be honest there's a lot more than just magic or manifestation there's a lot of other aspects of ourselves that we want to develop this is a total value of 1497 there's we bundled a few more things together to take this to the. Next level for you.

So by all means pay attention we're going to also give you if you act on this today if you jump in with both feet and commit to taking the actions necessary we're going to include these amazing atomic nuclear-powered special bonuses that will take your manifestation and magical abilities manifestation abilities whatever word you assign to it to a completely different level in a way that's testable repeatable and will get you the life you want the way that you want it the. First is going to be our special edition of vibrational influence united kingdom this is a five this is the only five-day vibrational influence training i have ever taught okay. We will teach you how to gain control of your mind and body unlock the secret powers of your subconscious mind to access your unlimited potential we'll show you systematically how to harness the powers of your universe of the universe to do your bidding there's two universes the one inside of you there's the one outside of you and they're connected we'll teach you remember i was talking about that kuji in process and those those mudras and things of that nature how to impregnate the universe things like that we will teach you systematically how to build your physical mental emotional and psychic strength and power we'll teach you how to get in complete harmony with your mind and body the universe and another human being. So that you can influence them in very powerful very systematic ways there's another hand position and meditation process we teach you how to begin to control energy in all the ways that you want making thought forms projecting energy receiving energy transforming energy special mudras and exercises for that there's a special one that allows you to develop your ability to telepathically communicate with people a way to one that amplifies your ability to predict events coming at you in terms of time and space there's another one that actually lets you manipulate time and space holly one of our our moderators is an expert at utilizing this particular process to compress and extend time and do all kinds of weird things there's a there's a special manifestation mudra that we use that allows you to channel the powers of the universe into your manifestation work and it doesn't matter what your your religious system is you can tap you can use these same positions because they're neural neurologically based and vibrationally based rather than spiritual or what is religiously based and.

Finally there's one that allows you to kind of move through the world in your own little pocket dimension people don't pay attention to unless you actually want them to these are things that were derived from the ancient martial arts systems that i practiced we've integrated them and reverse engineered them and applied them to this particular vibrational influence course not only that we're going to teach you the art and science of vibrational self-defense you'll actually learn remember earlier i talked about um how you the the martial arts that i did specialized in manipulating the acupuncture points and meridians of the body in this course you'll actually see me demonstrating that arc using sound and other and stances to vibrationally connect with this particular energetic element of the universe and use those elemental correlations to actually take on those actions becoming heavier and. Later. But also to manipulate the energy meridians of other people volunteers to demonstrate these phenomena it's all included i also have a very special guest her name is diana devries she's an expert in dowsing and she teaches she taught a two or three hour breakout on how to use dowsing and divination techniques to find lost items to look. For water oil things of that nature really cool we never released it before we'll teach you how to clear and master your chakras and your energy fields and correlations to that how to manifest anything you want increase your psychic skills and a whole lot more like i said this is a very special edition uh we've and it contains material we've never released before it's a full five day training it's 1 597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you grab a hold of your hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation home study course total value if you combine what i talked about in hidden laws of attraction with vibrational influence uk is a three thousand ninety four dollar value.

But we're not going to stop there this is a very special special moment because. Last week we finished the. First vibrational healing class we've caught in years and in this class i released information about the kabbalah i've released information about reiki and the kuji that have never been released before i did one of the most powerful uh attunements that you can actually participate in you can actually watch the meditation go through the process and actually receive some of those healing energies for yourself we'll teach you how to unlock the powers of your subconscious mind to find and remove blocks your health wealth success and happiness that you don't even know you have how to become a master of energy healing you learn how to do table treatments seated treatments how to measure chakras diagnose chakras um clear out negative energy clean up your own energy fields things of that nature you learn up you learn how to do powerful energy control methods for programming your mind and body and energy bodies uh you'll learn all the different levels of your energy body and how to work with those for manifestation practices in minimum time you'll learn how to remove the negativity from your past the secrets of energetic and vibrational self-defense i go even deeper uh into aspects of the hermetic laws and self-defense and energetic self-defense uh in this class than i did even in vibrational influence uk. So if you have vibrational influence uk special edition and this one you've got even more information that most people will never have about how these things work together taught in a way that you can actually do the drills and get the skills we'll teach you more about manifestation most powerful engine of transformation out there this is image cycling and much much more total value for this like i said we've never this isn't even available this won't even be available to the general public for at least three to six months um you're going to get the the uncut raw versions of this file it's brand new it's literally less than a week old nobody else gets this.

But you it's 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free as part of this hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study program total combined value for this right. Now is 5091. But we're not going to stop there you see one of the things i've been talking about through most of this webinar is this idea of transforming and and what we call vibrational alchemy. So we're going to include one of the most powerful vibrational alchemy courses i've ever created it's called the secrets of personality transformation home study course now this is not the webinar offer that we did a few weeks back this is the sequence of personality transformation core curriculum it's designed to teach you the seven distinct phases of the identity by design process that you can do this on yourself this is not going to qualify you to go and do hypnotherapy on people this is for people who want to fix their own and need my help to do it we're going to teach you how to systematically unlock the power of your subconscious mind to rebuild your sense of belief identity what you deserve what you think you don't deserve and how to clear that stuff how to control your state how to tap into vibrations and emotions.

But one of the important things about this particular class is that it gives you all of the skill sets you need to manipulate energy even though and this is uh some of the people came to vibrational influence our vibrational healing found out. Last week was that everything they learned in identity by design or secrets of personality transformation was preparing them to manipulate vibrational matrixes and frequencies and energies at a much higher level with powerful effects in fact one of the things that happened at vibrational healing uh during one of the breaks was uh they were practicing remote influence and. So i brought like five thermometers and five blood pressure cuffs and with less than 20 seconds training or two minutes training i forget what it was seth gave him they were able to consistently raise and lower people's body temperature by as much as 20 degrees with a hundred percent this is unheard of. But this is what seth was telling me 100 percent consistency they were able to do it right.

Again part of the reason they were able to do that is because of the training they received in an earlier course which is based on the secrets of personality transformation home study course. So this is one of the reasons why we're including this as part of the package you need this to give you the foundation skills to clean up the crap that you find. So that you can access your hidden your higher manifestation abilities. So you'll learn how to reprogram your subconscious mind at will remove blocks to use your success and limiting beliefs find and remove the hidden negativity that you didn't know you had to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away you know the ones i'm talking about you can change that crappy voice inside your head you know the voice that just said what voice how to resolve negativity from your past and install traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want most to be like this is one of the most powerful alchemical processes available to you it's part of my a it's a free gift it's a 2 497 value it's yours absolutely free when you register before the end of this webinar total combined value of everything we're talking about right.

Now is seven thousand five hundred and eighty eight dollars. But we're not done yet you see one of the things i've noticed is that some people are really really good at making money some people are really really good at manifesting opportunities one of the the driving points in my life one of the things that that the universe keeps seems to keep bringing me back to is love love sex and attraction and one of the things that people most want to know about is this concept of soulmates. So for those of you what's going on here for some reason my powerpoint got skewed. But.

Anyway for those of you who take advantage of this webinar offer today you and me are going to get together in october i believe it's uh stephanie can you post the dates for this particular this is a three-day online virtual training it's the hidden laws of attraction soul mate secrets invitation only masterclass this is gonna be three day virtual training you me and a few select other people we're gonna teach you step by step by step how to find identify and attract the love of your life. But not only find the love of your life how to keep them this is a special class i've never taught this to anyone anywhere there's about 25 to 27 different lessons that we're going to go through everything personality profiling yourself your needs your desires and the 10 different possible personality types that you may be compatible with their values their temperament we'll be talking about face reading we'll be doing for for love and attraction we'll be doing handwriting analysis for love and attraction purposes. So that you can profile your ideal mates know where to look. For them know how to find them and.

Finally to magnetically attract those people into your life it's a three-day class only the people who register for this webinar on this webinar get invited to this class you will not find this in our events calendar and if you do find it there won't be a sign up link this is only for people who want to attract the love of their life and need a little bit of extra help to do it it's a special three-day class with me and maybe a few of my key helpers or handlers uh and we get to show you exactly step by step from soup to nuts what it takes how to make that determination or that def um sorry that i'm stumbling because i'm trying to make say the word distinction between oxytocin or the infatuation and love will teach you the surprising ways that your body chemistry contributes to infatuation how it makes you overlook. Things that should be red flags to you we'll teach you about the soulmate myth what it is what it is how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood how to prepare yourself to communicate in the way that your potential partner needs and most wants to be communicated with how to move from feelings of infatuation you know were those that perpetual pollyanna type phase to pure love how to accept to transform yourself and how to change how to determine what you need in a relationship how to identify obstacles and. Then conquer them strategies to keep the spark going long into your wonder years and much much more this is again a special three-day class we've never taught it uh it's all new content all new material and it's only available to you as one of the people who register before the end of the webinar total combined value it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value if you could buy this on the website which you can't total of everything we've talked about. So far would be over nine thousand five hundred and thirty eight dollars.

So let's just review what we've got for you if again you're interested in tapping into that vibrational spiritual energetic side of you to reprogram your subconscious mind for health wealth success and happiness this is what we've got for you today we've got the hidden laws of attraction 2020 of course it's a 1497 value we've got your vibrational influence united kingdom special edition it's a 1597 value we've got vibrational healing 2021 brand new never been released this is all raw video believe it or not we've literally just took. It from the camera and uploaded it to your members area it's a 1997 value and it has stuff that we will probably edit out of the finished product um just because there's certain things that we don't really want people who don't have this full uh sequence of trainings to to be playing with okay. But if you have the full sequence of trainings. Then you've got the tools to manage the power you're going to be unleashing in vibrational healing we're going to be including the secrets of personality transformation home study course it's a two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value and.

Finally for those of you who take advantage and are smart who want the to pull into the in the in their life that one person or the set of perfect people we're going to teach you the health and laws of attraction soulmates master class it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value little values total is nine thousand five hundred and thirty eight dollars. But of course as you can probably imagine we're not gonna charge you nine thousand five hundred and thirty eight dollars because i think everything happens for a reason there are no. Accidents if you found your way to this webinar you're meant to have this you're meant to do these things now you don't have to believe a word i say all you got to do is do the processes do the drills and get the skills follow the instructions and the universe will do the rest um. So obviously you're not going to pay 9538 in fact we're not even going to charge we're going to actually drop that down we're going to we're not even going to charge you 7 347. we're going to drop it down even more 5547. it's still a little little pricey for some people and that's okay.

I get it. But you know what if this process delivered half or a tenth of of what we're talking about would it be worth it you know we're going to charge are we going we're not going to charge you 3 347 heck we're not even going to charge you three hundred forty seven dollars for those of you who wanna take control of your universe the microcosm inside your mind body and soul and the universe outside of you the laws and levels of your vibrational under reality that control and manifest what you bring into this physical reality you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 9.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to grab yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa2021 that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction two zero two one okay. And one more time for those out there and of course stephanie is standing by hal holly and brandon are standing by to answer any questions that you may have all you need to do again if you need payment plans by the way if for some reason you have uh one of the products i've already mentioned which i don't think you could um as long as the price points are of equal or lesser value we can allow we can allow certain types of substitutions if that's the case for you go ahead and reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 and we'll go ahead and see what we can do for that okay. Now for those of you who and you know who you are there are people in this world who know that the fastest way to get what you want is to take fast decisive action there are people who know that the spoils go to the uh the action takers.

So we like to reward those people we like to reward people that uh can somebody post a link for james the page won't open he says he's having some trouble. So everything that we we're sharing with you comes with a special 90-day guarantee if the secrets of personality transformation program and the ult and the hidden laws of attraction manifestation mastery program doesn't work for you if you're not making more money finding the love you want attracting more success manifesting your dreams feeling more confident secure in your ability to manipulate and manifest the universe to control and take the randomness out of your life if it's not delivering the things i've promised in a reasonable amount of time i will refund your money all you got to do is reach out to stephanie let her know what's going on if let us help you work through any sticking points you may have and if after we work through those sticking points you're still not getting the things you want the way you want them let us know we'll give you a refund no. Questions asked beyond letting us help you if you're not satisfied with the results you're producing we want to give you your money back it's that simple we don't want people in planet david who can't use our material or who are unable to use armature who's not not deriving a benefit from it and. So we will happily refund your money and you can even keep the content that you downloaded as our way of saying hey thank you for giving us a shot right.

You have absolutely no. Risk here okay. If it works you're going to make more money have more love have more success and joy and happiness and health and wealth than you can possibly imagine well actually you can imagine because that's where it starts and if it doesn't you get your money back it's risk-free all right. You have 90 days to put this this set of procedures and processes into action if it works keep going it doesn't let us know and we'll do everything we can to make it right.

That's my promise to you okay. All you got to do to get yours now is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa 2021 www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h l o a two zero two one and once more time with feeling www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash h l o hloa2021 now for those of you who are the action takers those of you who know this stuff can change your life you have until july 15 2021 11 59 to grab your course and if you grab it before i log off the webinar in other words everything i've talked about is good until 11 59 pm tonight what i'm going to teach you about. Next goes away when i log off the webinar when the webinar is over these wonderful things go away the. First thing i'm going to share with you is one of the most powerful most important things you can do is have a group of people surrounding you with the energy the vibrations the practice the ability to practice and put these things into operation you're going to get as part of this package a free three-month trial to our nlp power mastermind mentoring group program now it's a 594 value it's actually worth a whole lot more than that and let me explain it to you and you'll understand what i'm talking about.

So the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the longest running skill building hands-on workshop of its kind ever we've been running this program non-stop since 2010 we have videotaped every single one of these training and archive them on the nlp power website we've archived them uh on our youtube channel we've archived them on our facebook. Page when you enroll in this webinar-based program you will get a three-month trial membership to that entire 10-year archive video that has never been released on youtube to the general public it's never seen the light of day it covers the full spectrum of everything we do from hypnosis and hypnotherapy to copywriting to attraction dating seduction manifestation energy healing remote viewing speed learning you name it if it's question you have a skill set we teach it's in there in that archive you will get three months full 24 hour a day unfettered access. But that's not even the best part on the. Third saturday of every month we all meet either virtually or in person once covet is finished it will be both i literally go around the room and i say david what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn allegra what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn joseph what do you want to learn and i write that i listen to what they say i write it down on the board i step back i look.

At what they've written i create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills personally until you can do them in your sleep at the end of your four hours you go off into the world to apply your skills this is not a program designed to give you a certificate it's a program designed to give you a skill set right. Because one of the most powerful most important factors in your life is your ability your opportunity to put these skills into operation okay. So we've given you three months to hang out with people just like you who want the same kinds of things you want you get to do the drills you get to get do the skills you get to interact with me personally you get help to work with me as i walk help you walk through your stuff you break out you work together and boom you get the results you want the end of the end of that month you come back.

Next month on the. Third saturday you do it all over again new stuff what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn we put it on the board we create the lesson plan on the spot we drill you on those skills if after three months you're having too much fun you want to you want to hang out and stick around let stephanie know we'll show you how to extend your membership if not you've gotten three months of access to 10 years of archive video and three months of hands-on training that's designed to do one thing and one thing only get you the life you want the way that you want it in the in the process you're going to meet amazing people who want the same things you want and make friendships that will. Last a lifetime okay. As you can see it's probably worth a little bit more than 594 dollars right.

So that's one of the facts and again it's yours absolutely free if you're one of the. Next one of the people to register before the end of this webinar right. At the end of the webinar when i log off that goes away it's off the table. So if you're serious about taking action about putting these things into operation click the link now okay.

Total combined value if you were to buy everything i talked about through the website will be 10 132. But we're not stopping there you see i don't know how many of you are on our webinar where we talked about um how to reprogram your subconscious mind one of the things that we do is we we have we call inner game and outer game this is a course that teaches men it says attraction mastery this is a course that we just released this year it was a four-day training we taught men and women the art and science of dating mating and relating how to approach how to get out of being approached how to uh control your state how to tap into a person's deep level desires how to profile them how to make people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes bordering on love how to profile people and build on that relationship this is a course that was a co-ed class people absolutely loved it and this is a great compliment to the soulmates class you see the soul mates class is all about inner game the soul mates class is all about who you are as a person what you want how to find those people uh things of that nature attraction mastery is all about the outer is is part inner game and a lot of the outer game once you know the kind of person you want where you need to go to meet them what are the actual skills you need to get their attention keep their attention make them fascinated with you emotionally connect with you feel intimate with you like love and trust you and build on that relationship this is a process that works equally well for for members of either gender you will see men and women practicing in this class you can take these skills right. Out into the world and create powerful levels of trust connection intimacy and attraction and you can apply directly to your business life as well this is a way where we're balancing out the soulmate class with the actual hard skills that you need to attract the ideal lovers and soul mates that we're teaching you how to find in attraction mastery. So when you take the soul mate class you combine it with attraction mastery you've got a powerful yin and yang combination that will allow you to not only know who you want to attract.

But have the actual tools to meet date and fascinate the people you want and profile them to find out if they're the best fit for you it's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free for a total combined value if you could buy this on the website which you can't be 12 129 okay. But we're not done yet for those of you if you want the. Next 15 people to register for this package we're going to throw in a super extra special bonus we're going to give you a free vip super ticket now this super ticket gives you free admission to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar of your choice now some restrictions do apply if the course is longer than five to seven days if i'm doing it if i'm teaming up with another trainer or if you don't have the prerequisites um you have to speak with stephanie about how to qualify for for using that ticket beyond that this is limited only to the. First 15 people to register today and what this does is it allows you to attend any one of our classes that you qualify for.

So let's and the best part is once you have this ticket you have it until you use it if you buy this ticket or you buy this package and get this ticket today and it takes you two years to come to a live event when you're ready to come to that live event there's a seat waiting for you if the event is sold out you call stephanie you let her know you have a vip ticket you want to show up we will find a seat for you if something comes up at the. Last minute all of a sudden there's a new round of covered restrictions all of a sudden you can't travel you pick up the phone you give stephanie a call we will move you to another training that you can until such a time as you can attend it you never lose your ticket until you redeem it for a seat at one of our live events it doesn't matter what the price point of the event is if you're uh you know if you're coming to one of our five or seven day events that's two thousand three thousand dollars you have one of these vip tickets boom you go right. To the head of the line doesn't matter how much the price point is because if you have your golden ticket you get to come in something comes up at the. Last minute and you can't make it boom you let stephanie know we move you to another training if your schedule frees up at the.

Last minute and you decide you want to come to a training. But you waited too long if it's full price now it's sold out a lot of our classes do sell out really really quick all you do is pick up the phone give stephanie a call bang we move you right. We find a seat for you you get to come no. Matter what it's one of the perks of being a fast action taker we want you to be the people that put these skills into action and have every opportunity to do that you can also gift these to a special someone let's say you have a family member or a friend that you would like to have the the live experience with us well you can you can transfer this ticket to them or you can take the ticket and do like a 50 50 split where they pay half you pay half and you use that vip ticket you can save a little money and get into an event two for one basically uh.

So there's lots of ways that you can use your vip ticket and i've had people literally get a get one of these tickets in 2016. i don't hear from them until 2020 they say is this thing still good i say come on in it does not expire the price points don't matter you have it until you use it if something comes up at the. Last minute we'll move you to another training if you can't come to the. Last minute let us know and you can come to the you can have a seat at the front of the room it's a 1 950 value it's only available to the. First 15 people to register for this class for this program today total combined value if you do the math is 14 seventy nine dollars if you could buy all this on the website it would cost you fourteen thousand seventy nine dollars.

But as you can see um you can't buy a lot of this on the website we've never released it um and it won't be released for a long long time if at all. So let's just review really quick total package hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation home study course 1497 value vibrational influence uk special edition five days of training two days of completely unreleased unexposed material that will completely transform your ability to utilize the hermetic laws that govern the universe. So 1 597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get the the most recent vibrational healing 2021 in las vegas from homes uh video course uh raw footage it's 1997 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely david has just joined our ranks welcome david we're glad you made it secrets of personal transformation self mastery supercharger program it's a 2 497 value this also comes with a 200 page manual by the way uh we're going to give it to you absolutely free hidden laws of attraction soul mate secrets master class this is a three-day virtual training i believe it's the. Second weekend in october stephanie can post those dates this class is only available to people who register for this webinar package we have never taught this class before it is only for people who are looking for love.

But maybe up to this point have been looking for love in all the wrong places or as is often the case dating the same person with a different face over and over and over again there's 27 different lessons we're going to put you through you're going to get a chance to practice to work out to train one-on-one with me in a small group setting where you can learn the secrets that will transform your sexual and romantic life and take it to a completely different level. So one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value you can attend from the comfort of your own home this is a virtual training you don't have to travel you can do it from home okay. And you will get access to the video. So you can review it as along with pdfs and other things as well a lot of stuff goes with this course it's a one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free as our way of saying hey this is because you want the whole shebang you want the whole ball of wax you want love money attraction dating happiness health fulfillment this is the way that you get it okay.

We're going to throw in that attraction mastery four-day attraction skills intensive for men and women. So that you can balance the inner game with the outer game. So you have the ultimate communication skills on both sides of that relationship divide it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free okay. And of course to put it all together to help you gel all this stuff inside of you and let you express these skills in the real world we're going to give you the opportunity to practice hands-on for three months in our nlp power mastermind mentoring group trial program plus you get full 24 hour a day access to the 10 years of archived mastermind training sessions that we've done you can binge watch to your heart's intent you get to make new friends practice these skills in real time on real people both in person and virtually it's a 594 value way more than that if you think about it we're going to give it to you absolutely free because we want you to be successful.

Finally the real magic happens when you come to that live event where you spend three five seven eight days with me working one-on-one hand in glove getting feedback getting your questions answered watching and working with one person after person after person after person to do the drills to get the skills your choice any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar [Music] and you know some restrictions do apply check with stephanie to make sure that your ticket qualifies and if there are some other parameters she will let you know what those are. But by and large if it's an entry level class which most of our classes are you can use this ticket not a problem it's a thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free because we want you to be a winner we want you to be able to use these materials we want to see you in person. So that we can help you manifest the life you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions you can get it all it's a fourteen hundred fourteen thousand seventy nine dollar value you can get it all for one low installment of just 997 guys 9.97 if you need a little help you can break it up into three installments of 397. everything happens for a reason i don't know of any other sequence of trainings that you can get access to that will yield the results these techniques well for this loan of an investment all you need to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnyder.nlp.forward slash hloa2021 that's davidsnidernlp.com i'm sorry davisnetternlp.com forward slash hloa2021 david snyder nlp.com forward slash 2021 one more time because there's a typo here david snyder nlp dot com forward slash hloa2021 okay. So that's what we got for you this is again the offer we've put together i put a lot of thought into this in terms of how do i combine these courses and these opportunities to give you the biggest manifestation charge possible.

So um you know it's the vibrational influence hidden laws of attraction vibrational healing these are all cutting edge stuff this is stuff that again we have never released to the general public it will completely transform your life if you have any questions reach out to stephanie nlpower.com at stephanie.nlpower.com if steph if you can and holly if you can you know place the links in the chat that would be most helpful uh www.davidsnyder you know what i'm not gonna i'm not gonna bother typing because there's too many people typing the chat eric brown says if you are not signing up now you do not have a pulse well again for some people this is this is their their. First time in the world according to david. So by all means encourage them you know um once again we're going to go ahead and take a seven minute break. So people can use the restroom uh finalize their packages remember we only have 15 of those vip tickets available.

So if you do have a pulse and you want to spend some quality time with me as well as having the ability to work with some of the most powerful manifestation masters on the planet and i'm not talking about me i'm talking about my students people have been doing this for a year two years three years four years they will tell you some crazy crazy stuff. But we're going to come back in about at 608 my time and we're going to continue training we're going to begin building on the front we're going to take these foundations that we've covered at the beginning of the webinar and we're going to start doing some techniques to start clearing up being a technical term and programming your future for maximum manifestation skill sets. So when you're ready to do that go ahead after you've clicked that link man and gotten reserved your package come on back at 608 and we will continue training we'll talk to you in just a few minutes okay. We've got about a minute or less.

So it's time to get back to content does anybody have any questions um for me that i can answer before we move back to um the content of tonight's training i guess i want to thank you all for uh your enthusiasm for this particular program it's it's amazing how many of you are just grabbing this up um. But at the same time um i want to make sure that you come away with the actual content that i promised you. So again like i said this will not be a short experience. So i hope you're ready to do some drills kevin has a question about helping with um i would spin it frame it and spin it kevin james says thank you for the i think you mean answer cancer james.

But yeah you're very welcome that book. Helped me tremendously i was a big fan of stephen park hill's work and his work really did change my whole approach to treating people and did result in the remission of several of my patients when in doubt spin it out all right. Getting back to dos video welcome back everyone thank you. So much i hope you guys had a chance to go potty um we're gonna pick up where we left off.

So one of the things we talked about the. First drill that we went through hold on a. Second i got a question here can we exchange hidden laws of attraction with something else yes. As long as the price points match just reach out to stephanie directly and she'll be happy to uh to help you swap out whatever dee's asking what book.

Was that the book. Is called answer cancer by stephen parkhill i spelled his name right. Uh stephen uh was one of the people who was early work i studied immensely when i was training to be a hypnotherapist his focus was on treating terminal cancer and he was able to put a huge number of his patients who were diagnosed as terminal into remission and ultimately um to use the word cure if i i've done it's kind of a dangerous word to use nowadays. But um he was able to do that and he made a lot of insights and discoveries that actually weren't new in terms of how the mind and body affect one another.

But it was a little bit more in your face about it uh. So it was a really powerful book. And uh it's something that if you're going to be treating people with chronic illness things of that nature it's probably worth having in your library there is a video course a dvd course that he did called healing um healing the body using the mind it's available through omnihypnosis.com i think uh it's a nine videos there's a nine dvd set where he's actually teaching his approach to hypnotherapy and he actually includes several client sessions uh in that video course you see him working in real time in his office with clients uh it's not for the faint of heart we have a training coming up uh in is it september or november stephanie regression therapy that's going to feature a lot of his work as well as some of the newer advancements in rapid trauma resolution techniques. So if you have one of those vip tickets and you're ready and you want to do that kind of work uh make sure you've got identity by design.

First and. Then you can come to uh real world trauma resolution and regression therapies and things of that nature okay. So let me go back and look. At my notes here to see where we left off okay.

So we've dialogued with the unconscious mind that's important uh let's do this drill there's another drill that i have for you guys and this has more to do with um let me go back to my powerpoint i'm not going back to your powerpoint for you and going back to it for me. So i can see the drill i wanted you guys to do where's the drill i guess i'll have to make it up because it's not showing up here on my powerpoint i must have left it out or something oh there it is all right. So we talked earlier about this idea of dominant thoughts right. Human beings again whether you believe me or not this is kind of how it works human beings have two sets of beliefs or dominant thoughts beliefs they know about the thoughts they know about the beliefs they don't know about the thoughts they don't know they're having these often take the form of perceptual filters of biases that people have now one of the ways that we can begin to unpack an attack is the word i like to use to remove these things from our system is by paying attention to the kinesthetics okay.

Uh. So let me just i'm getting distracted by the chat. So um. So you guys remember i asked you to to say an affirmation out loud and.

Then notice where you're in your body you feel it. So here's the. First rule when it comes to vibrational alchemy there's a lot of chatter going on in the chat. So i got it it's distracting me a little bit i apologize um again answer this question you guys remember we had we did the affirmation we said there was this big feeling up front and.

Then this feeling in the background yes. You guys remember that type in the chat i need you to be with me on this okay. So here's the. First rule simplified vibrational alchemy simplified vibrational alchemy remember alchemy is the process of transforming base metals and or emotions into refined emotions if you can point to where you feel it you can change it.

So write that down if you can point to where you feel it you can change it. So i want you specifically now to remember a time or an affirmation that you've given yourself where you had the good feeling up front. But the icky feeling in the back when you've got one and i want it to be something simple like on a scale of zero to ten in terms of intensity let's just make it like a one to three nothing major because we want to practice this together right. And i don't want to have to unpack people's stuff and distract from everybody else i mean i'm happy to do that.

But let's train our minds and our bodies to systematically transform ourselves right. And by the way i'm going to talk to you about some things as we get deeper into this training that are very relevant to why the law of attraction is. So hard for us to apply in terms of controlling our dominant thoughts things of that nature and if you don't know these things you're swimming up you're fighting an uphill battle. But if you once you've got that feeling or that that ex experience what i want you to do is i want you to say the the affirmation out loud that resulted with the good feeling up front and the bad feeling in the behind it and what i want you to pay attention to now is i want you to take your finger i want you to point to where you feel the bad feeling the icky feeling as you point to where you feel the icky feeling i want you to imagine for a moment with me if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that icky feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch with your other hand where would you reach out to touch it.

First impression remember six dynamics of an unconscious response now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now grab it make the picture bigger physically make it bigger like you would expand the window on your iphone or your touch screen notice what happens to the feeling in your body make the picture smaller notice what happens to the feeling in your body. Then put it back to its original size and put it back where you got it now type in the chat for me what you experienced when you made the picture bigger what happened when you made the picture smaller what happened big is yucky okay. What else smaller feels better bigger feels worse excellent smaller better bigger the feeling bigger the feel increases excellent now here's the secret whether the picture whether the feeling got worse more intense when you made the picture bigger or it got lighter doesn't matter what matters is that you were able to calibrate what did what did making the picture bigger make the feeling more intense or less intense did making the picture smaller make it more intense or less intense which one you did doesn't matter what does matter is that you are able to do it because what you're learning to do now i'm i'm actually teaching you kind of the theory underneath the technique which i probably shouldn't do because it tends to make people over complicate.

But here's the thing you are a being of light whether you accept that as as real world truth or not you are a being of light you are a holographic refractory information processing system. So when an experience comes to you from the causal universe it's like white light shining through a prism that prism refracts it refracts that vibration into five bands of information visual auditory kinesthetical factory gustatory now you don't need to understand all that stuff yet what you need to understand is that that language of light is encoded on a vibrational matrix that your neurology can interpret there's a code just like the movie on a dvd has a code that the reader reads are you guys following me. So far yesterday yes. Type in the chat please all right.

It doesn't matter what the code is as long as you can modify it. So what we're doing now is we're beginning with baby steps we're going to explore this idea of vibrational frequency astral projection this is actually a vibrational layer i consider it the astral level. But we can talk about how that works. Later.

But it doesn't matter reach out point to where you feel and touch it this creates multiple channels to that information through all the different levels of your mind and body the moment i start manipulating this the feelings start to change because i've connected all of my neural pathways to that information you can have an infinite amount of vibrational data in one space because they're different frequencies right. That's physics 101. we can access that through a combination of our imagination our intent and our body right. So i point to where i feel and i reach out and touch it now once i once i figure out grab find that picture again point where i feel it reach out touch it now grab the picture again now instead of making it bigger or smaller slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling slowly push it away notice what happens to your body tell me what happened type in the chat what you notice closer further farther less okay. Excellent intensity changes perfect beautiful okay.

Now let me share this with you really quickly well that's not what i wanted sorry my bad here we go that's not there it is okay. So when most people think of the human energy field they think about it like this right. This big bubble around you you see all these grids here everything that's locked in your body has a correlation out here in your field. So one of the things that we want to do is we want to connect the body with the energy field using the hands okay.

Now we manipulate that coding system all right. We're going to manipulate that what you'll notice and again i didn't for a lot of you i didn't front load you on this what you'll notice is that when you made the picture bigger the intensity level went up when you made the picture smaller the intensity level dropped when you brought the picture closer the feeling went up when you made the picture further away the feeling diminished right. That makes perfect sense because this is how your energy field is organized everything about your past and present is out here in the energy field there's also some filters that control your future. So one of the things that we want to do is we want to reprogram that system how we're going to reprogram that system all right.

So you're ready to supercharge your affirmations close your eyes. Bring up that thing you want to change point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands now as you look. At it put a big thick black frame all the way around that picture now you don't have to see the picture clearly you just got to know where it is now i want you to feel along the base of that big black frame as you feel along the base of that big black frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television uh from back in the day you guys are probably going to remember when that let me out on television actually had real dials and knobs and switches you're not as old as me. But i want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials find the knob or the switch that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel now which now whichever one you like better turn the knob all the way that direction if you like the white turn it all the way to the right. If you'd like to black turn it all the way to the black when you're done with that take the index finger of your dominant hand across that whited out screen in glowing golden letters i want you to write out all the lessons this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all the feelings and let everything else go now some people know exactly what to write and they just start writing sometimes people have no. Conscious idea what's going on.

But there's a part of you in your unconscious that always knows remember guido and nunzio in the stock room. So just start writing like automatic writing across that white it out screen some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles every now and. Then you get an angry who writes you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously like they're writing chinese or hebrew at the same time right. However you do it just write everything that needs to be kept on that whited out or blacked out screen.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go. So just keep writing you may notice feelings and emotions coming up as you're continuing to write on that screen just keep going as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons take all the time you need keep writing my wife writes for 40 minutes at a time when she does this. So whatever long it takes you just keep going it's okay.

When you know you're done and everything that needs to be kept is on that white it out or blacked out screen reach up with both of your hands physically shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of moving that energy up over the top of your head and back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely as you watch it disappear you see it disappear and feel it disappear you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it hear it nail it back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied scan your body notice how different you feel type it in the chat harry says it goes into show spelling may suck that's a good thing i think who else who else had an experience mine burned up in the sun rays excellent very good the negative thought is resolved yes. I can do it now boom feeling of dissipation of energy perfect excellent what you guys just did was you basically recoded the vibrational dvd that was running that negative belief reminds me of a tea bag in hot water okay. So here's the thing let me see if i can um again in very again very broad strokes i could i could talk i could teach this for for a month without repeating myself everything that you experience from the vibrational universe is a metaphor printed on a vibrational matrix okay. So if you if you understand again i'm teaching i'm teaching some aspect of this that i've never really taught to even my advanced students because it's it's never been relevant until now most metaphysical models because that's really what all they are is just somebody's belief of how things are most metaphysical models look.

At a three or four dimensional layering to our reality you have the causal plane the mental plane the astral plane and the physical plane everything. But the causal plane has polarity cause and effect it has substance and form as we understand it as things move from the vibrational or causal plane it's wrapped in form. So in kabbalah we have this concept known as light and vessel everything you experience is video is is vibrational data encoded on a vibrational machine otherwise think of a movie encoded on a dvd and each piece the dvd represents some aspect of the universe what we basically did was we used the body and the information processing system of the body to to track the vibrational frequency of the issue that's holding us back we reverse engineer deb once we found the location where that vibrational information comes together we reached out into our vibrational field and found another correlate to it we connected minded by this is called somatic bridging using our imagination using our intention we started to manipulate the dvd the code on the dvd megan says i feel like part of my ego dissipated megan is that a good thing type yes. Or no.

If that's a good thing for most people it is yes. See one of the problems is that we develop this ego shell around us that is based on negative stuff and defense mechanisms as we get rid of the limiting beliefs as we get rid of the reasons that we created those defense mechanisms in the. First place that other stuff goes away okay. The the cobblest would call that a tikkun or a fixing right.

We've raised our consciousness by fixing our stuff okay. So this particular technique is called the magic frame. But it taps into a much richer much more versatile system of manifestation you see you the human being is a holographic information processing system right. Let me give you a little bit of uh this is something i just want to share um and hopefully you guys can uh appreciate it this is how i imagine what you just fixed hold on a.

Second. So what you're seeing here is what i call a holographic memory unit or a holographic memory container now i've never taught this to my advanced students. But using this idea of a a a a multi-dimensional model of the universe um let me see if i can write on this without killing myself this this red layer here would correspond to the mental body or actually the causal body this layer to the astral body i'm saying oops that didn't work out the way i plan it and. Then this layer in here actually i'm sorry causal mental.

Then this layer here this could be the astral oops this is just a recent thing. So it's not a perfect model yet. But and physical content is here vibrationally speaking one. Second this is how i envision what we call what i call a holographic memory unit.

So in the center of the diagram is the story of what happened to us. So if you think about you know something that happened when you were five years old let me get rid of this. So i'm not confusing the issue something that happened to us when we were five years old is at the center of the dvd right. But if you think about you guys ever have any of you ever edited a movie or a video you'll know that there are different soundtracks right.

You have an auditory track you have a visual track well in the hologram that is human being we also have a gustatory track an olfactory track and ultimately a kinesthetic track. So you have five tracks of energy or five tracks of information that are being used to create your physical dvd or your metaphysical dvd within each of those is a code and each of these little codes is like a computer program that tells the body the vibrational spectrum of you in other words um this part of you how to play the experience okay. So part of that code is the proximity from the core of your body to the external periphery in the front and. Then the periphery to the back these attributes mean something that's part of the computer code that runs the system.

So what you're learning how to do through the medium of your physical body and your imagination and your intent is using your autonomic nervous system to recode that vibration okay. So you're kind of backdooring it whereas in a lot of ways we talk we start with our thoughts i'm sorry a lot of systems that are based on law of attraction are the idea of the law of attraction we start with our thoughts right. And. Then we try to work towards the feelings that's the hardest way to do it if we start with the feelings it will guide us automatically to our we'll start with feelings obviously thoughts structure and frequency.

So we can change it all by doing one simple thing point to where we feel it and. Then ask the right. Questions this is called dialoguing with your system. So just uh as a way of edifying me how many of you when you took.

That picture shrunk it down wrote some on it moved it behind you it went away yes. Okay. How cool was that right. I didn't even have to know what it was you don't even have to know what it was that's the weird part is because of that remember we talked about that lemon there's a firewall between what you're consciously aware of and what you're unconsciously processing and running that stuff below the lemon are your dominant thoughts the problem is how do we get through that firewall how do we find those thoughts we don't even know we have the answer is by becoming aware of your body feelings becoming aware of your body body feelings because the body feeling that you have is equal to the vibrational signature of that thought memory experience or belief because regardless of whether the memory thought or belief is good or that thought memory or belief is negative they're all built the same way they're all built in that structure i showed you with the the the circle and.

Then the five channels and. Then the sub category and. Then the content in the middle they're all built the same way. So the moment you start pointing to where you feel it you start literally taking dvds out of the player and putting them in their sleeves putting them in the garbage can doing what you want because all of those ideas all those concepts have a spatial location around your body all you have to do is ask your body the right.

Question and know how to interpret the answer does that make sense a great question does it matter if you think you made it up no. Fact that's one of the hacks if you're having trouble figuring out where it is pretend you know and point to something and it'll be right. Because all it means see the part of you that makes up this is why this works the part of you that makes up is the same part of you that controls this process. So a lot of times the information you come up you come up with will almost always feel like you made it up.

But whether you intentionally make it up or it feels made up spontaneously it's the right. Information our six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers what. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up and it's never loud it's always soft or quiet like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind one of the things about this particular methodology that helps us is that the minute we can point to where we feel it and we find that container out here we can turn up the volume. So it's easier to work with it forces us to focus and become absorbed in our own system.

So that we can manipulate the system we're allowed to manipulate our own systems we are the god of our own universe and we have every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that we want for any reason that we want the kabbalah tells us that we have the right. To we came here to create right. When i was in kabbalah school they were telling us that it's not always the they they kind of backdoored this uh elijah's saying struggling with an intense feeling of nervousness and hesitation when talking to women that is debilitating can you help me remove this and replace it with unwavering confidence in all circumstances yes.

I can not in the not in this webinar. But i'm gonna i'm gonna give you some hacks that you can start with. First of all this idea that you have to be confident to get something is there's a much more useful uh state that will will lead to success far more consistently than confidence will that's that state is called relentless determination okay. Now and i'm gonna again i'm going down a little bit of a bunny trail here and.

So bear with me. But just as just as an aside how many of you had ever been faced with something you had to do that you had absolutely no. Confidence in your ability to do it how many of you ever had that experience. But it had to be done yes.

Or yes. Had to be done right. So what did you do you sucked it up you put on your big boy or big girl pants and you did the thing and you just kept at it until you got it anybody ever had that experience let me ask you a question once it was done when did the confidence come when did the confidence come after confidence only comes from doing you see one of the and again i'm gonna i'm gonna piss a lot of people off by saying this. But one of the biggest loaded goods the self-help and actualization movements the self-help instructors out there have taught you is that you need to be confident to be successful horse because what happens is people start looking for the.

Next motivational speaker to give them a dose of artificial confidence they start waiting to be confident before they can do something right. Well that's like the people who are chronically over trained they re they think that they can you know there's always more to learn. But. Then they can't start until they're done well they're always learning.

So they never start whereas the action takers no. Matter how much more they know there is to learn in their hearts and in their minds they know they have enough to start. So they do and in the doing they go from determined to confident actually they go from determined to competent to confident right. So here's my thing forget about confidence forget about it focus on determination focus on relentless determination to move forward no.

Matter what if you do you don't have to know a single friggin thing about the law of attraction and you can be successful. However. However if you embrace that state that mindset desire and determination together relentless determination and you have this understanding of the law of attraction the whole is greater than the sum of the parts the return on your investment when you take action will be much more power which will come much faster and will tend to be larger than just relentless determination by itself and almost guaranteed it will be significantly larger than just the law of attraction by itself with no. Action.

So that goes back to this concept of light and vessel i keep talking about you see physical action is the vessel for the light when you send an intention out into the universe remember everything that has ever existed or ever will exist is already here the problem is why aren't we seeing it why aren't we revealing it people talk about enlightenment this and enlightenment that that they think that enlightenment is some kind of higher knowledge i don't believe that i believe enlightenment as well as manifestation is revelation in other words everything that could we could ever want or ever need is already here what's keeping us from perceiving it vibration consciousness. So i believe that manifestation and revel and enlightenment are a process of revelation it's not adding more knowledge or more information it's removing the filters of your awareness and your consciousness. So you can perceive what's already all around you and part of you right. That's why my.

First job as your teacher is to help you to become progressively more aware the only way i can do that is by giving you experiences not theory. But experiences. So because that's what physics is telling us right. As well as the metaphysical disciplines right.

Um okay. So. Anyway there's a lot of chats going by and i'm it's just distracting me i apologize um. So one of the very.

First ways that we can begin to access this system is understanding that it's an integration pointing to where we feel it reaching out and touching it playing with the code the size the shape the location all of these attributes and you'll learn about this in vibrational healing energy can be divided into two primary um areas quantity and quality and we measure energy by the effect it produces we quantify or categorize energy based on the effect there's no. Other way to do it amplitude it's the effect it produces which is analogous to the attribute and the amount that there is. So how much force and magnitude is there you're processing this all the time you're stepping vibrations up you're stepping vibrations down. But every experience that you have is a metaphor of vibrational data being encoded on one of those dvds and you're processing and relating to it.

So um what i'd like us to do is i'd like to do a little i could do a couple meditations for you i think i think one of the things i best thing i can do right. Now is kind of give you an experience of things would that be okay. Rather than giving throwing more data at you you guys like to do a couple of trans transductions and things like that okay. Cool.

So here's what i'm going to do is i'm going to we're going to do a general negativity clearing process and what i what i recommend that you do is when this webinar is over when the webinar is over go back and transcribe the induction that i do because the mechanics of the induction that i do are also the foundations for advanced alchemical and mystical practices okay. I'm going to do a couple with you again it really depends on the time that we have. But the. First one will be a general negativity clearing process the.

Next one will be a well let's just call it a kabbalistic meditation to help kind of balance your energies and maybe i'll throw in a few a few symbols for wealth and prosperity would that be okay. Okay. All right. So before we jump in.

So here's a couple of things a um you need to go to the restroom because these meditations can be a bit lengthy and uh before we jump into this let me just review uh that offer that we put together for you if you're sure this is something again if you're on the fence a little bit want a. Second here okay. Um. So just to as a quick reminder for those of you who are on the fence this is our hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery on stakeholders these two inductions by the way uh are included as part of the system in here.

So you'll be able to find out more about that hidden laws of attraction 2020 is one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value teaches you the ins and outs of attraction feng shui how to program yourself to be lucky and all kinds of really cool stuff it teaches you the information method for creating powerful neurologically compelling affirmations that your body has to take action on it uh teaches you image cycling the ultimate manifestation formula and how to use that for healing as well as manifesting the things you want you're also going to include as a bonus the vibrational influence united kingdom special edition which has five days of pure alchemical and metaphysical magical content in it uh meditation mastery things of that nature 51 597 value we're gonna give that to you absolutely free we're also going to include our brand new just completed vibrational healing 2021 uh raw course it's brand new we just completed it. Last week it's a one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're gonna throw in secrets of personality transformations two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free uh hidden laws of attraction soulmate secrets online virtual master class three days in october one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value help you find your soul mate know what they are know how to recognize them and how to move into a long satisfying happy relationship we're gonna teach you we're gonna give you three months ago our mastermind mentoring practice group program it's a 594 value and unlimited access for three months to the 10 years of archive video it's free again if you like it stay if not you had a great time met some cool people and did some cool stuff and. Finally we're gonna give you a free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar it's a 1 950 value we're going to give it to absolutely free total value of today's webinar package is 1 or 14 079 and zero cents and uh you can get it all for one loan installment of just 997 it's never going to get any less expensive this is again i'm looking at this and i'm kicking myself saying the universe is really making me reach out okay. Or you can if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa 2021 that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash hloa2021 one more time davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa2021 stephanie and holly and brandon are standing by to help you uh get your orders processed let's take a three-minute bathroom break when we come back we're gonna do our.

First meditation which is called the safe place induction and we're going to clear some stuff. Then we're going to come out we're going to ground ourselves a little bit and. Then we're going to go through a special prosperity meditation uh. But we've got to lay some groundwork for that to put you in the right.

Frequency to attract the the kinds of things that you want okay. So it is 6 50 now let's come back at well let's make it's four minutes 6 54 and. Then we'll jump into um the meditation. So go ahead and again if you need this here's the links for those of you in youtube and in our chat okay.

Go ahead and everybody ready to play all right. So for this meditation i'm gonna ask you to use your imagination in a little bit of a different way um i want you to well you know what if you're gonna do this make sure you're not driving make sure you're not listening to this while driving these this process tends to induce a very very deep very very powerful altered state and uh we want we don't want you engaging in this process when you're involved in anything that requires your full and undivided attention when operating behavior machinery et cetera et cetera et cetera if you are listening to this you are listening at your own risks not that there are money. But uh again take responsibility make sure you practice these meditations in a way that's safe and useful for you. So go ahead and close your eyes.

Take a seat take a deep breath in ah let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart all i want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside your mind and body and soul you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything i say and everything i do it's for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definition now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes.

I like to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids i'd like you to continue to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed well they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore all i want you to do is give them a little test just to be sure when you're satisfied stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take and have your beat of your heart just let go just let go now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z with each and every breath you take in each and every beat of your heart starting with the letter z all i want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper deeper down down down now obviously i can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're completely relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all i want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming floating now those feelings become smaller and darker harder to see turning the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i've been very curious about something i'm hoping you could help me with it i'm wondering i'm curious if you could imagine something for me i'm wondering if you could imagine a place a place that was. So safe.

So protective. So nurturing and nourishing in every conceivable way a place that was. So forgiving. So healing that no.

Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite a place saturated as the source of all power all knowledge all love a place that has always existed and always will exist i'm curious if you could imagine what that kind of a place might be like because when you do that when you imagine what that's like when you're in that place and you see what you see you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful transformational feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe and more and i'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it as you do that i'd like you to look. At that spot with your inner eyes. I'd like you to become aware that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm wondering what color of colors that might be for you.

First impression whatever it is take a moment imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow it begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety love protection transformation healing a cocoon a shield a suit of divine armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all threats real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing feelings and frequencies through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe you can turn it off take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing let that energy flow even deeper flowing out through your in through your body out through your pores in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply from the causal body and the source all the way through the most physical aspects of your being and everywhere that energy touches more changes and transformations elevations and revelations more order and health begin to grow you begin to become magnetic to the positive negative entropy things in life the things that bring more order out of chaos move you towards more control more connection to source than ever before there's no.

Need for you to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow yourself to immerse yourself completely to dissolve in it fully and when you're ready in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'm going to ask you to scan your body one more time and this time when you scan that body i'd like you to notice any place in your body when you're holding on to any form of density any form of tightness or tension because you see as we journey through this vibrational experience we call reality as we go through our journey of evolution from the all-knowing spirit we come from to the aspect the divine aspect of god we've come here to express and manifest we encounter situations and circumstances that were designed to infect us affect us in certain ways some ways that are good some ways not. So good and in those moments of overwhelm of uncertainty of not knowing what to do divine providence in its infinite wisdom built into each and every one of us a special set of mechanisms special set of systems that could take action in those times of overwhelm and those times of uncertainty when we didn't know what to do a system designed to help us survive like the old ghostbusters films whenever the ghostbusters would rush in and find a ghost running rampant they would open up a trap suck that ghost right. Into that trap and stick it in a prison somewhere well much like the old ghostbusters movies any time you move through this vibrational universe you encounter a situation a circumstance or event that you weren't prepared to deal with that was traumatic in some way you know on a large scale or a soft scale when you didn't know what to do that special divine system the universe put in place reached up grabbed all those feelings all those memories all that data stuck it in a little box it's a question it's somewhere in your vibrational or physical body holding it safely in storage until such a time is when equipped with the newest technology guided by the right.

Wisdom and expertise you could journey back inside tell the system what to do with it instead much like an antivirus software quarantines a file until the. Next upgrade comes in. So that it can completely remove those files and leave the system running better than ever before as you scan your body and you find those points of density or tightness or tension i want you to breathe that amazing divine power that you've been immersing yourself in through those areas let it run over and around and through those areas like hot water running over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away flowing out of your mind flowing out of your body flowing out of your spirit in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and in its place because everything is contained in the light everything you need or want is in the light into those areas. So everything you need and want and desire instead.

So take all the time you need to let that process take place now because we're doing this through a virtual format some of you are way ahead some of you are right. With me in real time some of you are doing things a little slower pace your own pace and that's perfectly okay. However fast or slow you go. However deep or shallow you are if you can hear me your unconscious now can begin the process at its own rate and speed to make that happen while i continue talking your unconscious mind can continue processing and each night from this moment forward while you sleep and while you dream your unconscious mind your higher mind your connection to source and the divine in all of us will begin to grow we'll begin to change and modify creating new neurological connections based on vibrational connections based on divine connections.

So that that connection to source that flow of information up and down through all levels of your mind body and soul will only grow stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe each morning when you see when you wake in the morning you'll see the world through new eyes. Hear the world through new ears smell and taste and feel the body alive with transformations now many times as my students go through this process of dissolving all of those densities they often report a very interesting phenomena they often say that as those areas begin to melt to dissolve away it's almost like they feel a sense of liberation it's like those points of density of tightness of tension were somehow acting like change and restraints keeping them locked prisoner inside of this dense physical form and as those areas are melted and dissolved and resolved from the mind body and soul their spirit begins to expand to move beyond and out of the physical form merging up into that divine aspect of themself like a drop of water emerging back into the ocean from which it came my students often report a sense of expansion empowerment of growth of scope of magnitude of competence of certainty that they didn't have before oh they still retain this identity of who they are as a person an ego state if you will not to use that in a negative term. But the scope and the capabilities and the potentials that they experienced seem to be expanded beyond the limits of what they could conceive of before and they often tell me they feel a pull a call a need a desire to merge even deeper into that amazing energy and as they emerge deeper and deeper and deeper into that energy they often say they often see little points of light off in the distance almost like stars yet they know they're not in outer space because this space isn't cold or dark or barren in fact it's quite the reverse it's very warm and safe and inviting like a womb in fact i often call this area the space the womb of eternity and as they journey through that space beyond time and space they see that one point of light that fixates on their that fixates their attention like a puppy dog excited to see its master coming home that star that point of light begins to twinkle to sparkle a little bit brighter than the rest and my students often tell me they find themselves magnetically drawn longingly towards that wonderful space and as that star that point of light off in the distance begins to grow stronger stronger and stronger the starter grows brighter and brighter it monopolizes their entire field of vision and what's interesting they often report to me is that no. Matter how bright.

And powerful that star becomes they can still always look. Comfortably deep inside and as they get closer and closer beams of starlight begin to emanate to radiate from this star washing over and around and through their body and every place those star beings touch transforms like a fine shower washing away all the dirt and the grime and the stress and the strain and the negativity kind of like coming home from a long hot day at the office or at work dropping all your clothes all your baggage stepping into that shower letting that hot warm water that soothing water run all over you washing away the dirt and the stress and the grind and as they move closer and closer to that beautiful point of light off in the distance more and more and more of those beams wash over and around and through them washing away all the stress all the strain all the negativity all the things that hold them back that keep them from being the best versions of themselves and at some point they find themselves passing through that ball of light and it feels as though a fine filter has been applied to the entire scope of their being filtering away any stress any strain anything that is less than the ideal version of themselves that the universe intended and as they pass through that membrane they often report finding themselves in a very very interesting place a place very familiar to many of my students. But i'll describe it in full detail as much as i can for those of you who are new it's a dome shaped room with pearly gray walls kind of like being inside of a large gray egg in the center of that space is a brilliant unimaginably brilliant energy a white light if you will now in my world it's white in your world it could be something else any color or colors that represent these four attributes omnipotence what color is all powerful what color represents the ability to do anything anytime anywhere to have the universe bow to your wishes the. Next quality is omniscience all-knowing what color or colors represents having access to all knowledge all wisdom all understanding it's yours for the asking what color or colors represents that feeling that understanding that principle that experience that attribute and what color represents infinite love unconditional all loving all accepted what color colors represent that for you see them swirling and vibrating and pulsing in harmony with all the other colors we've talked about what feelings go with that and there's one final attribute one final divine attribute timeless eternal existence and non-existence the rectification of all dualities beyond time beyond space what color or colors represents the quality of being eternal whatever it is bear witness as these divine attributes merge and blend and combine transforming one into the other in an infinite ever growing energy feel the energies radiating off of this source and filling you up filling you up filling you up because you see there's a place in your mind body and soul that correspond that resonate with the power of omnipotence there's a place in your body that resonates with all lovingness there's a place in your mind body and soul that resonates with all knowledge all wisdom all understanding and there's a place in your body in your mind and your soul that is connected to the eternal notice how the feelings in your mind body and soul shift and change as those conduits those connections begin to grow bigger stronger more voltage more amplitude more for god force flowing through resonating harmonizing transforming updating every aspect of your mind and body soul and spirit take all the time that you need right.

Now to firm and firm in that connection to embody and associate to dissolve yourself in it fully and completely source fully. So completely that it goes with you you're always aware of it from this moment forward able to connect to your highest power in the most direct effective way possible and when you know you've got that breathe those frequencies through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium that fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away try to imagine other forces trying to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing let that energy that saturation continue even more getting stronger and stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe this force will stay with you guide you go with you empower you in all the ways that you need empowering that you want empowering able to provide you with the skills the will the knowledge the ability the drive to thrive to express your divine mission in this world because that's why you came to manifest and express divine will through your will now there's something you've been wanting maybe it's love maybe it's money maybe it's charisma maybe it's safety maybe it's security something you want more of in your life something you want to bring to the world as you continue to contemplate that all-powerful force before you notice how that force begins to shift to take on a shape a symbol if you will that represents the frequency the vibration the manifestation of what you came here for what you want most some people may see a geometric shape some people may see a word some people may see some form of the hebrew letters or the sanskrit letters or some other symbol that embodies that personifies that epitomizes the concept of what they want and the ability and the attributes necessary to achieve it take a moment and observe divine providence channeling all of its power into a unique band of frequencies designed to empower to attune and transform you into the vessel that can receive those frequencies. But not to receive them for just yourself to receive them to give to the world as an act of sharing as an act of divine love empowerment knowledge for all eternity when you've got that when the shape is manifested breathe those frequencies into your entire mind and body and soul feel smaller versions of that symbol permeating penetrating infiltrating every level of your divine mind body and soul updating upgrading transforming empowering every level of your mind body soul spirit when you know you've got that it's time to return from this place realizing that you can return here anytime you want anytime you need to to gain more knowledge more wisdom more communion more power more love in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment i'd like you to imagine that you could return back back through that beautiful portal bringing all this power all this energy all this knowledge all this love all this wisdom with you back to the moment see yourself in your room and i want you to imagine that you could project yourself seven days into the future seven days from july 15 2021 float down into that future version of yourself see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears feel yourself alive with the ongoing transformations and revelations of all the knowledge you've acquired having applied all the skills and transformations you've learned in this webinar see the world through those eyes.

Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through mind body and soul alive with transformations live a couple of days in that life notice what that's like notice there's a place in your body with the feelings the abilities and the attributes that allowed you to achieve those amazing things are stored where they grow and where they spread from and there's a color or a series of colors connected to those feelings breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to make it go away and notice what happens instead you see as you begin to apply all of the knowledge gone through the courses taken the trainings done whatever you've needed to do to get to this point each night while you sleep and while you dream these powers will grow more active inside of you you will manifest more and more of the life you want you will understand the universe you move through better as you explore that connection to divine providence and every level of your mind and body and soul becomes in perfect harmony.

But the you you desire to be the frequencies and vibrations that pull you towards it and pull it towards you now before we end this amazing journey together i'm going to ask you to do one more thing if you could turn around from that point in the future look. Back on all the younger versions of yourself standing back to the beginning of your incarnation here as you look. Back on them from that enlightened space what do you know now that those younger versions of yourself didn't know that if you could reach back through the wormhole of time and space teach them everything they ever need to know everything they'd ever need to feel to believe to experience to understand to be amazing empowered in their time as you are now in that time i'm curious i'm wondering what would you share with them what would you teach them and when you understand what that is i want you to just open your arms big and wide and beckon all those younger versions of yourself to move forward through the wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms hold them as one to your heart and breathe all of your amazing divine colors and attributes all of your powers of transformation through all of you simultaneously as you whisper in their ear everything they're ever going to need to know everything they're ever going to need to feel everything they're ever going to need to experience or understand to be as amazing empowered divine in their time as you are in yours right. Now seven days in that future having undergone these transformations follow these processes obey these commands and as you do that notice how all of you begin to blend to merge to combine to integrate synergistically harmoniously exponentially more powerful together than any of you on your own until you're one full and complete united states of you take all the time you need to let that process take place when you know you got it take a moment let all those changes integrate in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i'm going to count from one to five as i reach the number five you will emerge from this process bringing all of these transformations modifications and revelations with you embodying them perceiving believing manifesting and achieving them emanating them out into the world in all the ways that give you the light and the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a much bigger one number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind from your divine self to you are now ten times more powerful a hundred times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most want desire can implement facilitate express these changes in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your all-powerful other than conscious mind well now easily effortlessly automatically generate those solutions and implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've made the investment you've made the journey you're following the instructions you're obeying the commands you're testing the results you've earned the rewards the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you're going to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process bring all of these powerful transformations revelations modifications updates and upgrades in the expression with you perceiving believing manifesting and achieving them in all the ways they give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards your definition ready to take the. Next step into a much larger more powerful you head clear mind clear thinking feeling acting with self-assurance feeling good all over divinely inspired and glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel and when you're back take your time just type back in the chat and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process all right. Looks like people are on their way back that's a good thing while you're emerging that's just uh one. Last call. So to speak i want to thank you all for uh spending the evening with me i hope you've gained some powerful insights like i said if this was the scope of everything there was to learn i had time for this much uh.

But just as a reminder we do have a few slots left for that hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation package this meditation by the way is also one of the techniques that we teach um and variations of it in the program everything we taught you today uh is can be found in one of the courses one or more of the courses actually in our hidden laws of attraction ultimate manifestation mastery home study course which includes the hidden laws of attraction 2020 virtual class the 1497 dollar value uh it's going to include the vibrational influence uk special editions 1 597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free vibrational healing 2021 brand new just finished. Last week 1 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free your secrets of personality transformation home study course two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars we're gonna give it to you free attraction mastery four day intensive and the soulmate secrets master class one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value absolutely free one thousand nine hundred ninety seven dollar value absolutely free three months the nlp power mastermind mentoring program where you can put these skills into action and take the. Next step 594 value we're going to give it to you free and. Finally you're gonna get that free vip ticket.

So you can come work with me in person any single live event of your choice as long as you qualify one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free it's a total value for taking the. Next step if you were to try to buy it which you can't it'll be one i'll be fourteen thousand seventy nine dollars you can get it all for one teeny tiny investment in just nine ninety seven and if you need help the universe is helping you out we'll give you you break it up into three installments of 3.97 all you got to do to get yours to take your. Next step now take the action you need is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa2021 www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa2021 click the link click the link click the link take the. Next step now www.davidsnydernlp.com slash hloa2021 one more time with feeling repeat after me click the link click the link click the link www.davisnetternlp.com forward slash hloa 2021 if you have any questions don't hesitate give stephanie a call shoot her an email one more thing about reaching out to stephanie um if you call make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the special discounts if you do not leave your in your information it doesn't matter you will not get the discount if you call.

Later okay. If the line is busy make sure you leave a message these things fill up really really quick this has never been offered before this is a once and only thing i don't know if i'll ever offer this amount of stuff for this this low package price again this is a lot even for me. So. But the universe was giving me a strong message what to what to give you guys.

So you can take the. Next step. So click that link before i log off. So you can get those fast action bonuses remember you don't need to be confident you just need to be determined and if you take the actions you take the.

Next steps you take one step at a time you follow the instructions success is inevitable it's 90-day guarantee if you're not if you're not satisfied with the results you're producing if it's not moving you in the direction you want to go let us know we'll make it right. All you got to do go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash hloa2021 that being said i'm going to go ahead and open it up open it up for questions uh if you want to share your experiences during the meditation while you're finalizing your packages or whatever i'm i'm all okay. With that let's see if i don't i don't know if i can split my screen here got questions for for moi i can answer a few before we go we love the special forces assistance holly and stephanie they are my they are my uh i couldn't do what i do without them well i could. But it would really suck for me.

So i appreciate all of them they do amazing work sorry no. Questions process that's fine that's fine um it usually takes when i do this kind of a meditation with people this kind of an attunement process it usually takes people a while to come back. So i'm not i'm not surprised now remember if you go back and you keep revisiting this video you'll learn more you'll you'll you'll perceive more each time you view it than the. First time if you have someone who says they can't relax eyes.

What do you do pretend see their eye relaxation really isn't necessary for this to work they just have to want to do it that's all there's lots of there's lots of little bells and whistles and things people think have to have to be there. But they don't you know you will post the video yes. In fact as soon as i log off youtube um youtube should start rendering this video there will be a replay during the process trying to have something taken away i heard the sound of bouncing glass or something excellent very good hold on a. Second there's people coming home.

Anyway. So again if you had to please uh you know like i said the fast action bonuses go away when i log off the webinar you will have until 11 59 pm pacific time to take advantage of the primary four categories. But you'll miss out on attraction mastery the nlp power mastermind and the vip ticket. So if you know this is if this has helped you and you've seen positive movement by all means click this link now get get this program i don't know if i'll ever offer this again it's crazy as i look.

As i look. At what i'm giving you i'm like wow universe really really wants me to send a message with this one. So. Anyway i love you all in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh by the way for those not to interrupt my song in case you were on the fence our. Next mastermind mentoring program our live meeting is this saturday. So if you want get in now participate in the meeting and test drive it see what you like. Anyway i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song it seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So on good night i love you all god bless go with god via kandeeos if you didn't if you need your questions answered remember when this video goes live go to the comments section type in your question i will go back i will review them and i will do my best to answer them good night.
