Title: Decoding the Face: How to Read Emotions, Personality, and Unspoken Truths at a Glance
File Name: 4cbWaw2V3XU.txt
Video Id: 4cbWaw2V3XU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4cbWaw2V3XU

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e for e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone welcome to decoding the face secrets for reading emotions and personality at a glance. I'm your host for today. Dr. David.

Snyder and today we'll be disc exploring one of my favorite topics the art and science of face reading both ancient and modern we'll be discussing ways that we can begin to understand personality traits based on facial cues how to use these things to gain the upper handed communication persuasion and relationships how to instantly improve your interactions in business relationships and social situations even for those of you with a more earthy nature measure sexual and romantic compatibility and much much more that being said hold on a. Second ah there. I am poof hello how's everybody doing let me go to let me go out let me get out of. Brady.

Bunch mode here there we go welcome welcome welcome um. I'm gonna start off with my basic uh my basic uh disclaimers which for some mysterious reason. I think it's it's kind of ticking off. YouTube a little bit um because.

I begin every webinar and every uh every one of my live streams with a basic disclaimer if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your time now for some mysterious reason the the gods of. YouTube have deemed that a video.

I've been running and promoting. I.E sending traffic to for six months has suddenly become shocking. I have no. Idea why.

So just to tempt fate just to provoke the gods here. I am starting it off again because that's just how. I roll. So if you're a little bit of how many people here have a little bit of a rebellious nature anybody in in the room have a little bit of a an.

Fu attitude sometimes yay. I love you guys already right. Um. I kind of made my bones no.

Pun intended uh kind of kicking the rocking the boat and and uh knocking over the apple cart. So to speak and uh believe it or not those things actually show on your face and maybe just maybe we'll talk about those things tonight. So you can avoid that kind of uh or at least getting involved with those kind of people if you need somebody to not rock the boat in your business. But everybody needs a little boat rocking now and.

Then. So. I'm here tempting fate provoking the gods because that's just how. I do it um if.

I seem. I. GNA ask you guys a real quick question before. I get into my uh my other stuff how many how many veterans do we have on on tonight's call how many people been be bopping around.

Planet. David for a month two month three months any anybody longer than six months let's just do that right. If you're over if you've been bbing around. David for more than six months you're you're a uh an honorary veteran if you've been to one or more of my trainings and have be been.

B bopping around. Planet. David uh you are absolutely a no. Longer probationary veteran you're actually somebody who's been here.

Holly's been here more than six months. Holly has been here since the dawn of time. I think the only one who's been to more trainings than. Holly um over a over a long period of time is.

Seth who may or may not be on tonight uh. Moss who is running tech for us in the back there he's uh closing in on his 50th training uh lah says good hot energy. David my little phone charger plug overheated and well that brings me to my. Next question um for those of you who've been around.

Planet. David for a while how's my energy today how's yeah appearance-- wise energy wise um how would you rate it just. So. I know just because the reason.

I'll tell you why why. I'm. I'm. I'm asking in just a minute okay.

Um the reason is is. I've uh for the past couple weeks now. I've been working on a brand new uh program that. I'm tentatively calling uh the abundance alabe uh crash course um and in it.

I'm going through some very very powerful multimodal um manifestation clearing and and uh energy practices and uh. I've done like three of them today over the over in the space of like two hours and. I'm just wondering if you guys can sense anything right. Just through the chat rooms.

I'm just. I'm putting it out there this will uh we we'll talk more about that course not on this webinar because um. First of all it's not ready yet. But also this is a face reading webinar.

So this webinar is. First and foremost all about you even though it's starting with about me me talking to you and and and stuff like that the important thing to remember is that face reading is not new many many many cultures have had a face reading tradition the difference between where we're going today and maybe what some of the other approaches to to reading the body like phenology or or uh and those things. U everything we're going to show you we can document through literally thousands of years of use in. Chinese medical diagnosis as well as energy psychology uh in certain places we can actually point you to modern-day scientific discoveries which show how the predominance of certain hormonal.

Pathways will lead to the exaggeration or the diminu of certain types of facial features now we all know that hormone nobody here believes that hormones actually affect your behavior and personality do they that's me that's my phys ious moment right. So there are certain things and. I will refer you guys to the work of. Dr.

Helen fiser in her book. Uh why him why her uh for some of that information there's other other sources. But that's probably the one that would be most relevant to many of you. So if this is your.

First time with. Planet. David please type your name and where you're checking in from in the chat and if possible um what do you want to take away from tonight's training what do you want to take away what do you want to uh be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training right. Talis b b says.

I guess all right. Now we got about a 20-. Second delay for our. YouTubers all right.

There's some funny chats going on. I gotta see this um okay. So let me see here. I'm just trying to get a get a a a direction on where we got we want to go today.

I have look. If there's if there if this is the scope of everything. I have to teach you in face reading. I've got time for this.

So. I want to know how to. Target this information for you. I'm going to take you as far as.

I can and point you in the direction of where to level up and get more training and more knowledge and more information is that a fair tradeit if you guys are okay. With that if you think that's fair by all means um type that that's fair in in the chat and we'll we'll move forward okay. Zoomers. I know you got a little bit behind me.

So. Sky says. I'd like to learn to detect when people lie that's very that's that's a very popular one and we can show you how to do that. I have some stuff.

But my mind goes blank if. I'm excited okay. Well in uh in lie of a lot more feedback for you guys by the way just. So you know.

I'm a teacher who thrives on feedback there will be an offer connected to this training. So for those of you who see this as a a viable part of your path either as a as a healthc care professional an influence professional a relationship management whatever it is um. I have never seen a more. Vi more leverageable uh skill set than the face reading skill set in terms of how it can amplify everything else that we teach um.

So. Sonia is here as a refresher. D said. D cook.

Says. Fair very good uh to stop talking when people care in the middle of a convert okay. I don't understand that that statement. But.

I'll do my best with it all right. So let's go into the. Dr. David.

Dogg and pony show now. I was. I was uh hanging out with some of the guys and. GS in the chat room on.

YouTube uh a few minutes before the webinar started and they were talking about what do we need for tonight's webinar you need lots of caffeine uh oxytocin derive. D deriving substances and a pen and paper lots of uh lots of time to take notes. Here. I will do what.

I can to let you take screenshots of some of the things that uh we're going to be sharing with you tonight. But. I promise. I'll take you as far as.

I can traditionally when we teach our classes because even though these are technically a webinar promoting certain things right. We try to give you as much actionable workable usable immediately material that we can. So you don't have to believe any of the things that we're going to be sharing with you on tonight's webinar all you have to do is go out and use them and test them for yourself that's what's beautiful about everything we teach you here at. Planet.

David belief is not necessary all that's necessary is a playful attitude and a sincere desire to roll up your sleeves do the drills and experience the transformational skills um that we have to share with you right. I. I firmly believe that in a world where everything is is smoke in mirrors you need something that you can prove something you can believe in and the way you get to that point is by by doing by working with something that doesn't require you to believe in it. So you can prove it and that's what we're going to do tonight.

I have lots of stories. I could tell about face reading. U. But.

First and foremost let me go over some of for those of you who are brand new to. Planet. David let me go ahead and go into a little bit about my background. Then we'll go into what's actually possible with face reading what can we do it how can we um how can we use this and leverage it to make our lives better and that's really what.

I'm excited about because face reading is is a way for you to really kind of take an x-ray a snapshot if you will of a person's life history not necessarily in terms of the actual events that happened or the chronology of those events although there are ways that you can actually kind of find that out if you become an advanced face reader. I. I'll teach you those things. But.

But one of the things that that you can do very very powerfully very very quickly is you can look. At a person's face and by looking at the face at one level in terms of the architecture of the face in other words the size and shape of the brow bone compared to the nose compared to the cheekbone compared to the. Jaws right. You can start to extrapolate personality traits okay.

But on another level if we look. At the face in terms of the markings on the face the wrinkles whether they're vertical or horizontal whether they're deep whether they're very linear or or or long or short where they appear on the face we can look. At a person's emotional history we can literally pull out the emotions that they've been holding on to for longer and longer periods of time and by um and by extension and understanding correspondence we can begin to actually say well this might be affecting their lungs or if they're having lung it might be because of the grief that they're demonstrating. So.

I'm going to be sharing different levels of face reading with you we don't have time like. I said if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we've got time for this. So. I've what.

I've done tonight for you guys is. I've cherry-picked. So to speak specific areas that are immediately applicable to any application or any any area of your life. So if it's business.

I'll show you how to use these things for business if it's relationships. I'll show you how to use these things for relationships if it's uh social uh social applications you can use face reading to become the life of a party you can use it to book. More clients for your your business you can use it to predict how clients or how your employees and your bosses are going to behave when presented with certain types of situations it's amazingly powerful okay. And we'll and we we'll we'll kind of build walk you through these things.

So that'll be about the the the. First what about no. Zic face it's usually very hangy um that being said uh tonight's webinar will be divided into three areas the. First area is foundations these are things that you need to understand you need to know right.

To be able to apply everything right. If you take nothing else away. But what we do and found it in in level one you're golden level two we're going to show you opportunities to level up your skills ways that you can get more information uh get more certif ifications integrate these things into your life into your business um into what in whatever way is appropriate for you the. Third uh the.

Third phase of tonight's webinar is what. I like to call the customization phase this is where it becomes really all about you about what your particular application of focus is in other words whenever a group of people get together right. There's an energy that happens there's an aggregor to use a metaphysic iCal term and that egregor has certain characteristics desires and needs and you'll find many times especially if you start coming to to a lot of our live classes that a lot of people who have the same the same issues or the same life situations wind up sitting. Next to each other.

So. I found at the end that part three of the webinar should always be about what you as a group most want to be able to do what you want to be able to accomplish as a byproduct of tonight's training and that's kind of the the the skeleton that we're going to be going through. So that being said uh let me talk a little bit about my background and how. I came to face reading and how we can start to uh to really move the needle in the direction of applying face reading in our lives.

So. I'm gon to. I'm going to jump to my. PowerPoint really quick.

I'm not a big. PowerPoint fan. But this helps keeps me a little bit organized. So you guys ready to play all right.

So. First and foremost who the heck is. Dr. David.

Snider and why should. I care well. I am an actual doctor in fact. I have two doctorates now.

I have a doctorate from. Pacific. College of. Oriental.

Med medicine in acupuncture and. Chinese medicine. I've maintained a clinic uh in salana. Beach.

California where. I my specialty was treating physiological illness that is caused by. Believe. It or.

Not repressed emotion and if you've done any kind of homework if you're a wellness professional you're going to figure out really really quick that it's pretty much 90% of the illnesses people are dealing with have an emotional basis or memory based and. So. I spent a lot of time looking into the hearts and minds of people who've manifested very very profound levels of illness either through life situations negative thoughts repressions trauma. I've worked with practically every kind of trauma uh that you can think of and we've had amazing amazing results.

I'm very grateful for that experience because it's given me tremendous insight into how the human mind in body actually works uh synergistically to create the lives or that we we experience. But we don't. But by credentials don't just stop there uh. I also have a doctorate by the way to finished to doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine which is is slightly different. I'll talk about that in a moment this is a copy of the the global gurus. org slide from 2020 where. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the year for 2020.

I've been the top. I've been in the top two slot of the in the. NLP world global gurus for at least the. Last eight or nine years hopefully you guys will go out and vote for me we'll get we we'll do another year in a row as number one or number two.

So. I hope you guys can support me there if you go to. Global gurus. org uh and go to the. NLP section you can vote for your favorite.

Guru. I've authored over 15 different programs guys on various forms of human influence everything from sexual enhancement sexuality and compatibility to. Healing language to. Advanced conversational hypnosis to.

Advanced behavioral modification techniques uh vibrational influence remote influence and um we we've pretty much we have a a very very comprehensive training on. Advanced hypnotic languaging that people absolutely love um and what you're seeing here is a letter from. Global gurus saying that. Dr.

David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP 2022 now fun factoid we also received a letter like this uh for 2021 2020 and 2023. I'm working on 2024 um. So some of the elements that we'll be talking about tonight are actually from this particular course which is the number one training program in the world for.

NLP and what you're seeing here is actually uh this is from our 2021 uh screen capture shot. So the. First one was and. Then of course this is this is 2023 right.

So again we've been the number one. NLP program in the world going on four five years now uh as well as one of the top trainers. So. I'm excited and proud about that.

I'm very proud of the students we put out uh there's a lot of interesting chats going on. But. I have to focus okay. I also have a been a lifelong martial artist.

I have a 10th degree black belt in ow karate fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Kau. Second degree black belt in kosho.

Kempo and a. First gr black belt and fuju. Jitsu now let me just cut to the chase okay. This is a face reading class why are you talking about your.

Martial. Arts well the reason. I'm talking about face reading is because the very. First place.

I ever learned about face reading and how to read the face and diagnose the face was in my martial arts training the. Ruku. Kempo system has. Arts secret.

Arts within it called kho. Jitsu and. Tu. Jitsu which is the.

Art and. Science of pressure point manipulation in other words hidden within our forms and many forms is a deeper art that teaches you how to attack and manipulate the energy meridians of the body and. So one of the aspects of that art is learning how to look. At a person's face the shape of their body and to be able to figure out very very quickly to profile exactly where the energy is very strong.

Therefore very vulnerable and where it's very weak which is usually associated with not a lot of sensitivity in that area. So for example just to give you guys a little quick martial arts thing people who are have a receding hairline a lot of the acupuncture points in meridians um they're not as active and. So vibrating them or whatever nerve needs to to stimulate those much more difficult with someone with a receding or thinning hairline than somebody who has a big big full hair right. So just basic ideas like this.

But again my very. First exposure to face reading and that there was something to this actually started in the martial arts. So um when it comes to energy work. I've been a raiki master teacher since before raiki was cool in the early 90s.

I'm very proud of my raiki lineage um because it it's it's almost a direct connection back to the person who brought. Reiki to this country by only one or two generations. I am a certified. Advanced chronic healer and psychotherapist advanced.

DNA. Theta healing. I'm certified in the bangston energy healing method and. I just recently as of.

August graduated with my doctorate in. Chinese medical chiong or shamanic healing. So. I have a.

DCM doctor of. Chinese energetic medicine as well as a doctor of acupuncture in. Chinese medicine. So um.

I'm very much an energy geek. I've been studying cabala and related disciplines since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala uh. So.

I'm very much a primadonna. I'll let you use that as you will. So again just. I've kind of connected the dots already.

But it's all about pattern recognition everything that. I've talked about the. NLP the hypnosis the martial arts um the. Chinese energetic medicine the acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine and the methods of diagnosis and profiling that go with this are all about one thing pattern recognition how to look. At a person how to perceive things about them about the way energy is moving the way their ener where their emotions are stored where their emotions are not stored and being able to derive a profile from that that you can. Then use to influence you. First learn to assess.

Then you learn to predict and. Then you learn to influence and that's how this process works we look. We assess we diagnose to use that word because. I'm a doctor.

I can use that you can't. So you just say profile and. Then you decide you predict and you you you inject influence that's how this all works. So if you don't have the training for the the influence training.

I'll show you where to go for those. But that's what this is all about it's about patterns now before. I go any further let me jump out on my. PowerPoint really really quickly because this is important patterns at their core are generalizations which means in terms of generalizations it's true 51% of the time or better okay.

So when we start looking at profiling and we start looking at influencing and predicting. Behavior we have to look. At what's true for most people we have to master that. First and.

Then we have to look. At okay. What are the exceptions to the rule because for every example that. I give you you can find an exception somewhere the question is when we look.

At the population as a whole what do these patterns indicate and that's what makes this useful human beings are all different wonderful unique snowflakes you're all different. But not that much and that's what makes makes any kind of pattern recognition training useful does that make sense if you're with me on this. So far just type. I'm with you in the chat are you comprehending what.

I'm sharing with you what. I'm trying to give you okay. Is this useful. So far okay.

All right. Let me jump back okay. Uh. I want to go back to.

PowerPoint. I'm not going to stay here very long. I. I'll be jumping all over the place tonight just.

So you you know because. I'm a firm believer in avoiding. Death by. PowerPoint.

But it's important okay. So let's talk about why you're here tonight all right. If you can answer yes. To any of these questions you're probably in the right.

Place tonight how many of you would like to be more attractive to members of the opposite sex or even the same sex. I would you like to be more charismatic just type yes. That's for me in the chat right. How' you like to stop being afraid stop being uncertain and insecure when dealing with human beings right.

How would you how would it be if you could look. At somebody and have a very very good understanding of how that person is most likely to respond before you even approach would that be helpful or useful would you like to earn more money in your business book. More clients for your business get a raise of promotion that you know you deserve protect yourself from manipulation and easily handle difficult people. I mean think about it for a moment one of the things you guys mentioned right.

Off the bat when we were talking when we were kind of going through our intro today was um how do. I detect lies. I'm going to show you a couple of different ways tonight that you can use face reading both old and new uh to start looking at something as a potential lot one will be a very old way that takes a little bit more um a little bit more awareness to to. Really hone in on the other one will be something that's a little bit more mechanical you'll be able to track that very very easily and it's the combination of the two that really kind of uh makes you really powerful in this okay.

Um. So if you like to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So that they naturally want to follow your lead by the way that is actually a byproduct of of becoming a face reader um one of the things that tends to happen is that when you interact with somebody and you start expressing information about them that you couldn't have that they didn't tell you that you couldn't have gotten any other way their level of suggestibility and openness goes through the roof this is something that a lot of mentalists have have discovered that when they're doing their mentalism acts right. The they can be wrong nine out of 10 times.

But the moment they get one hit all the barriers and filters drop and the person starts hanging on their every word. So the nice thing about what we're teaching you is everything here is pretty much proven a lot by 2 200 years of. Chinese medical observation and by my students and myself in real world applications in business banking legal legal applications things of that nature. But one of the things that really happens is people look.

To you as an authority automatically which means they become hypers suggestible they want to follow your lead even if they put up a bit of a defense at. First like no. That's not right. In their head if you got a hit they become hypers suggestible to you.

So there's a tremendous power in your ability to read read and understand people including yourself. But there's also a little bit of a responsibility that goes with this and that to use this responsibly and to um understand the impact that you're going to have on people when you start applying these skills okay. So. I'm just putting that up front right.

If you'd like to get all your blocks out of the way and program yourself for financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some this is probably a good class for you because there are certain characteristics on the face for people who are naturally good at money and if you make certain lifestyle choices those features can actually change that's where it gets really crazy and really woooo right. If um you like to be attract and surround yourself with the right. Kind of people the people who are uh will lift you up and support you and validate you and share your your charact your the same uh personality traits that make you feel happy and comfortable this is probably a good place for you to be okay.

So that being said. I see a lot of yeses in the chat. I'm curious about something what's the dominant profession of the of all you how many of you are like wellness professionals versus uh upper managers entrepreneurs tell me what you guys do for a living. So.

I can kind of see where you're going to be using this okay. Uh. Sajid is a marketer. Manisha is a marketer communication speaking coach.

Healing. Arts zovi okay. All right. Great.

So one of the things that. I really really love about face reading is it's its ability to connect with a client or a patient and really create a bond with them that you can use in that therapeutic way to to make things really really work very very well. So here's some of the things you're going to be able to do right. Away as a byproduct of tonight's training uh.

First and foremost. I'm if you stay until the end the things you're going to come away with. I'm going to teach you how to understand personality and temperament just by looking at certain features on the face. I'm going to show you how you can begin to track and understand a person's emotional and.

Trauma history. I'm going to show you how you can gauge and uh assess sexual and romantic compatibility personality and temperament and how to become a master of reading people and influencing them uh for their greatest good. So uh people ask me what's possible with face reading well can you use it to make more money yes. Uh can you enjoy it can you use it to enjoy better relationships yes.

Can you improve mental and physical health with it yourself and your clients 100% can you use it to lead and manage your teams better absolutely uh can it help my clients heal or reach their goals for sure it's going to help you understand yourself better it's going to take the guesswork out of a lot of your communication quickly uh. Then the ability to profile gets faster and faster and faster. So there's all kinds of ways that we're going to use this um and. I have.

I have literally a a list of different ways that we can use this and. I'm not going to go through every single one if you said yes. To at least two or more of the things that. I've talked about this is absolute you want to absolutely stay until the end of tonight's webinar okay.

Because. I'm. I got some stuff that's just going to blow your mind okay. Um.

So let's talk about the very. First thing remember. I said at the beginning of the training when it comes to reading faces there's different levels that we can look. At the face okay.

So the. First let's look. At the big picture a lot of people if you would study with my teacher. Lillian.

Bridges okay. Who was the world's leading. Authority on face reading she passed away in. September.

I think it was 2021 or 2022 uh and she was absolutely brilliant she was being at the time she was being uh courted by at least two uh intelligence agencies one of which. H began with c and ended with a uh and the other was from a country adjacent to that that country's intelligence agency uh uh. But she decided that she didn't really want to go that direction because she was deeply spiritual and she felt the potential misuse of these qualities or these these skill sets um she couldn't control it. So she didn't want to share it she shared it with everybody else.

But she wouldn't share it with the uh the intelligence. Community. But. Anyway do that as it may.

So the. First thing we want to look. At when we start looking at the face is we want to look. At ways of dividing up the face because depending on how we divide up the face we'll determine what kind of information we're going to get.

So we're going to do things that are immediately the most useful okay. So for those of you in the healing professions this is huge everything. I'm going to share with you is directly applicable um to everything. I mean everything.

So the. First thing we're going to talk about is masks that people wear in the. CH in in the. Chinese systems the.

Asian systems how many of you people have ever heard the uh the term lose face anybody just type it in the chat okay. So the reason that they say lose face is because everybody that you meet is wearing a mask now this is this is a truism you go 2 200 years back to the. Inception of these face reading disciplines all the way up to my my good friend and colleague. Chase huse who is the scientific modern behavioral analysis.

Guru right. He's a good friend of mine and we we we riff when we're out together it's crazy he will tell you exactly what. I'm about to tell you everyone you meet is wearing a mask okay. Now we can divide those masks up into two general categories the.

First mask is the public face the face you show the world the identity the the image the. Persona that you want every body to view as the real you. Then you have your. P your private face that's the face that you only show to your intimate.

Circle or when nobody's looking or with your your romantic or partner your your your this is who you truly are behind closed doors what if it were possible to look. At somebody and see both faces would that be useful this is the interactive part of tonight's tram okay. So here's how it works if you take a person's face and you cut a line right. Down the middle this is my right.

Hand by the way in case you're your videoos reversed the right. Side of a person's face is their public face this is who they are when everybody's watching when the camera's on and the audio is playing the left side is their private face the left side of their face is who they are when the blinds are closed the computer's off the phone is. Beed or or in. Do.

Not. Disturb mode they're with their. Inner. Circle their significant other person they trust the most if at all okay.

Guys with me. So. So far. So let me look.

Let's let's talk about this when we start reading faces hold on. I got to share my screen when we start reading faces the. First thing we want to look. At is the balance let me see if.

I can make that a little bit more centered this the balance between the right. Hemisphere and the left hemisphere now you'll notice that this chart is is is different from the way. I did it because my my screen is probably reversed. But.

So. So when we look. At the phas and we start to compare some of the things we want to look. At is the level of symmetry between the right.

Right. Side and the left side. So for example one of the. First places we look.

When we look. At the face is we look. At the eyes. Right.

Some people's eyes. Are very big they're holding them very open some people's eyes. Even if they're big are held very closed okay. Now why is this important because one of the things.

I want to do is. I want to compare public versus private do these sides how symmetrical are they um that's and that's the big word let me go back to um my text. I'm looking for symmetry okay. If.

I look. At a person face and you'll see what. I mean in uh in a couple more slides you you'll see what. I'm getting at if.

I looked at a person's face and. I see a line that goes all the way down on this face. But that line stops here on this face it tells me that in their private life they're experiencing and holding on to a lot more sadness grief and sorrow. So when they're out in the world they may have have a smiley face on and they may be outgoing.

But when they come home in those unguarded moments they're dealing with this okay. So what you'll see as we start looking at um faces is the differences in the lengths of wrinkles you'll see differences in the size of one feature to another and those are the things that will jump out to a trained face reader right. So for example. I'll give you just a quick primer on on eyes.

If someone has a is holding their eyes. Very open they are as a rule more receptive more um expressive you could read this as suggestible. But that would be probably a little a little overstating the uh thing these people are kind of very optimistic they're always the glasses half they tend to be half glass half full okay. They're they tend to wear their hearts on their sleeves okay.

Whereas somebody who has an eye that is even if it's large is smaller it's held more closed you're looking at somebody who is much [Music] more analytical closed. ID secreted they will be less emotionally responsive they will think very carefully about what is being said and what they are going to say now for those of you who are interested in lie detection this is actually something you can start to um you can start to zero in on when you're talking to somebody and their eyes. Are being held open and again this presupposes you know what a baseline is and how to create one if you're talking to somebody and you say something that stresses them out takes them by surprise uh or makes them feel defensive in any way you will watch the the the size of the eye shrink in other words the lids they'll get more closed this will become more slitted right. You may also see um the pupils uh shrink as well right.

There's a contraction that the body is experiencing and that contraction is mirrored in the eyelids and the pupils okay. Think of a fear response when people get afraid they shrink everything get closes in this happens on a macro level it also happens on a micro level okay. So one of the. First things we as uh influencers and healers coaches we want to look.

At what's their normal in other words when they come when they come in hold on let me erase this stuff. So when they come into your shop or they come into your office or or over your. Zoom chat or whatever what's their. Baseline right.

One of the things the. First things we're going to look. At in their. Baseline is we're going to look.

At the overall right. Side versus left side we're going to assess facial. Symmetry and trait size now one of the cool things you guys can do let me stop sharing my screen for a. Second one of the cool things you guys can do is if you go to your your iPhone or your uh your app store or whatever you can you can find little apps that will take you can take your picture and it will take the right.

Side of your face and superimpose it on the left side of your face and you can take the left side of your face and superimpose it on the right. Side. So you have and put them side by side and you'll see two different people looking at you and that's how you can actually get a create a profile for to use a more woooo expression you know your. Shadow.

Self and your your your uh your public self does that. Mak any kind of or your private self. Shadow. Self is probably not the right.

Word. But um is this useful yes. Or yes. Okay.

Questions about public side versus private side you good aruro says great can someone hide their masks not well not well there's there's there's two types of profiling that. I. I. I do and.

I teach uh one. I teach purely as the face reading the other is something. I teach in defense against the dark arts which is called active profiling people who are naturally sociopathic who don't feel a lot of emotions are not bugged by those kinds of feelings don't carry them around they're a little bit harder to read. But that's what makes them easier to read because they're hard to read there's no.

Expression there's no. Emotion lines right. They tend to have a very bright. Effect.

But it's very cold. So we'll talk we'll talk a little we'll get into the more the the the psycho emotional aspects of face reading which will probably be in part three. I'll. I'll talk a little bit about what we call.

Shen which is heart and mind uh and that how that relates to energy okay. Um the other way that people can s sort of hide their masks. But it's not it doesn't really work all that well is by absorbing themselves in a particular emotion or set of emotions and just staying there. But you'd have to do that that's a that takes an awful lot of energy okay.

Because what you're seeing what you're seeing and that's that's only for the moment what you're seeing when we look. At faces like from the face the. Chinese. Asian face reading perspective is the lifetime of of emotional micro expressions and repression things are either expressing or they're repressing and that just builds up if you think of it like this right.

If. I take a piece of paper and. I put it on the desk it doesn't have a lot of weight to it right. If.

I take another piece of paper and. I put it on top of that well that bottom piece got heavier because of the weight that's how your emotions are. So when you look. At the and we'll show you the emotional the emotional map in just a moment there's way more stuff than what's on the emotional map a lot of people think when.

I teach this class that the emotional map and and the things you're seeing are are all the things are art of face reading trust me it's the tip of a very very large very deep very powerful. Iceberg. But again. I can't.

I can't take you there. I need to give you things you can take out into the world right. Now. So public versus private is the.

First thing we want to look. At okay. Um questions about this before. I move on to the.

Next piece okay. That being said what if you could look. At somebody and with a high degree of confidence know exactly how to talk to them. So that they would not only listen to your message actually be inclined to make the decision you want them to make would that be useful yes.

Or yes. Okay. I'm hoping that's a yes. Because.

I found that interesting as hell right. Okay. So let's talk about decision-making strategies how do we how do we look. At somebody's face and start to expand our profile we got public versus private now we're going to look.

At three areas we're going to look. At mental activity pragmatism or or mundane levels or mundane activities and emotional and instinctive programming everybody has all three right. So if we were to go to uh popular uh self-help books and stuff like that like probably the best one that. I can think of is um the.

MBR technology by uh by. Grant susulu and uh. Last the other gentleman's name is. Oka.

Stephen. Oka. I think. I think it's.

Stephen. Oka they'll talk about the three brains that we have how many people have ever heard of the gut brain anybody okay. Good how many have heard of the heart brain you heard of heartmath.org right. And of course we know about this brain yes.

Here's the thing that's really fascinating about human beings is we're. Quantum creatures we're. Quantum beings and we are fractal and holographic in nature if you ask the quantum physicist the quantum mechanics they'll tell you they'll tell you that we're basically light refracting at certain angles with a lot more empty space than physical matter or energetic matter or basically light and. So.

But that light that we are that make us up is fractal and holographic. So what is that actually mean. I can. Tre as an acupuncturist.

I can treat every part of your body through corresponding points in your ear. I can treat every part of your body through corresponding points on your eye. I can treat every part of your body through corresponding points on your face. I can do it on your hand.

I can do it on your forearm. I can do it on. I can do it on places you don't want to mention on a. YouTube channel okay.

I can even do it on your tongue believe it or not why is this important because as above. So below. So we all know that you have a reptile brain a. Maman brain and a neocortex right.

If you look. At the the studies of brain you have the brain stem and the. Paleo cortex over top of that is your. Mamon or emotional brain over top of that you have the neocortex the rational lying brain well guess what there are correspondences disseminated throughout your entire body the gut brain is your reptile brain the heart brain is your.

Maman brain the neocortex or the headbrain is your neocortex and those relate directly to these three zones of your face. So. I can tell where you spend the most of your time and how you relate to the world through the proportions of these three zones. So let's look.

At this. So what you see here oops um actually. I have to share the screen don't. I.

So what you see here is a division of the face. So if you look. At somebody again what we're looking at is proportions relative to each other. So if you see somebody and you measure from their eyebrow to the crown of their head you're looking at their mental.

Zone this is what they're doing with their mind. So they may be very creative they may very cerebral they may be very datadriven and that's the thing. I want you to to really focus on. Persons people with a much higher upper.

Zone uh are very they're all about the data they're all about abstract concept and thought and cognition and things of that nature um my good friend. Brandon who's on the call um uh my chief technical officer uh he has a classic uh. Tech head and what. I mean by that is his head is is his upper his upper zones a lot like mine it's very big and.

Then his his middle and his lower zones are are much more pointed and. So every time. I ask. Brandon a question he tends to answer me with a spreadsheet right.

Um now. I don't want you to believe this. I just want you to go test it. I want you to go to.

I want you to go to uh the local. Tech campuses where you live like where live here in. San. Diego we have.

Qualcomm and we have all these um these different tech companies right. If you're up in. North. California go to.

Silicon. Valley and and hang out in these. Tech campuses or college campuses at lunchtime and and look. At the foreheads and what you will see in most of your technical scientific cerebral applications very very high foreheads very very large in proportion to the rest of the zones now you take now you go to the local.

MMA gym. CrossFit uh sorry. CrossFit uh gym and look. At the.

Jaws look. At the eyebrows and the brow bones specifically and you will see as a rule much more pronounced jaw a much more defined jaw these are people who are very body driven they're very emotional they're very gut driven that doesn't mean they're stupid by any it has nothing to to do with intelligence everything to do with how they relate to the world primarily. So the bigger the. Zone the stronger the drive the stronger the trait okay.

So people who have a larger middle. Zone this space here these people are very pragmatic they're focused on how is this going to make my life better how can. I use this what's it going to do for me right. People with with a big upper.

Zone tell me the story give me the data give me the research right. Prove it people with a big middle. Zone show me right. How's this going to make my life better people with a big larger.

Zone do. I love it or don't. I what's my gut tell me about it right. So when.

I look. At somebody. I can see right. Away the.

First thing. I want to say is are they are they data driven are they pragmatics are they instinctive or emotional right. And that's how. I want to begin or how.

I want to lead with my presentation okay. If someone's got a high upper zone. I'm. G to lead with data.

I'm going to present and. I'm going to use data they've got a a big middle zone. I'm going to talk about all the things this is going to do for them how it's going to make their life easier and why it's it's going to be important for them if they're if they're in the lower emotional zones. I'm going to talk about all the amazing things are going to feel an experience as a byproduct of what.

I'm sharing with them okay. Are you guys with me on this count on this aspect. So far. So that's intuitive that's intuitive right.

If you understand what we're looking at. But now what. I look. At is.

I want to look. At their secondary. Zone in other words when. I look.

At somebody and we'll use me as an example right. You can see. I have a really big zone right. So.

I have. I'm very. I'm. I'm.

I'm thinking all the time now. I have other traits going on that they kind of um help me. But if you come to me and you say hey. I got some really cool things that you're.

G to love. I'm gonna say well what do you how do you know. I'm gonna ask for the data right. I'm.

I'm. I'm a thinker. I'm an integrator right. You come at me and you're thinking all.

David is just data driven. But you have to look. At my other two zones why because. I want to look.

At the secondary. Zone to figure out what do. I need to follow up with right. So let's say you look.

At my zone and you see that. I have this really big upper zone right. And. Then my middle.

Zone and. Then my lower zone now can you see the difference like here's my hairline right. Trying to come out here see how big my upper zone is compared to my to my middle. Zone.

I take my middle. Zone and you can see now that. I'm a. I'm a.

I'm a one23 right. Tell me the data show me how it's going to help me. I'll decide if. I.

Love. It. Or. Not.

So when you present to me if you present in that sequence. I'm. G to listen to you better. I'm.

G to listen to you more because you're giving me the information that. I relate to the universe to you're giving me my process my strategy for those you who've ever learned the. CPI model we talk about jump into their process data pragmatism emotion okay. But what if what if this zone is here and.

Then this is the same size and. Then this is teeny what do. I know now type in the chat what do. I know about these people now if this is the big.

Zone this is the. Second and this is the. Third how do. I present to them this is the interactive part of the class folks right.

So. I might open with. Hey. Hey.

Joe listen i'. I discovered this this really cool thing. I think you're. G to love it here's what it's going to do for you tell me what your gut tell me what your gut says it's going to do this and it's going to do this and it's going to do this and it's going to do this and it's going to help you experience this and it's going to be amazing and here's the.

DAT here's the proof. If. I understand these zones the full sequence. I know exactly what to say in the order that.

I need to say it if you want to just keep it simple spot the biggest. Zone start with that now if you combine this with something we teach in our other classes called the echo technique now you're really cooking with gas okay. Now you're stacking all of these different tools into one powerful presentation it's going to it's going to grab their nervous system by the short hairs literally and or by the brain stem if you really want to be um technical about it and they're just they're going to focus on you they're going to zero in and they're not going to let go and that's power because remember where attention goes energy flows if you take energy out of the equation remember this attention is the currency of relationships the more you can harness and direct attention the more influence you have over that system face reading will do this like almost nothing. I've ever encountered why because people are fascinated by themselves okay.

Yes. You're going to understand people and yourself better than you've ever understood yourself or every time you look. In every morning when you look. In the mirror you will know know more about your physical body and what's going on inside of you than most doctors like that if you if you follow this training right.

When you work with clients you'll you'll see stuff that hasn't manifested yet. But you'll know it's coming right. Again it really depends on how if you be. Master these skills right.

And. Then of course the the interpersonal aspect of it where all of a sudden you start telling a person about their most deep emotional experiences and the floodgates open and now you can really help these people you can guide them you can. Inspire them you can motivate them you can help them heal by helping them unlock those emotional. Pockets that are showing and.

Scattered throughout the body right. It's it's it's such a powerful powerful force multiplier to every other therapeutic or influence technique that you have uh it's truly changed my life and and. I want to share this with as many people as possible because lilan passed away and you know. I might get.

Flack for saying this and. I apologize to anybody. I might offend uh from from the the face reading. Community it pretty much died with.

Lillian um most her family tried to keep the business going and and and promote classes and stuff like that. But. I haven't heard much from them in two and a half years three years and. So there's there's a few of us out there that are trying very much to take what we the gift we were given from lilan modernize it and give it to the world.

So that it can it can make a difference that's what she wanted more than anything else. So. I share this with you from that place um. So is this useful is this helpful can can you can you see how you could use this out in the world now don't again don't take my word for it go out and test it test it when.

I was describing the three zones how many how many of you found yourselves in what. I was describing okay. Then. I'm doing it right.

All right. So for my. Next part. I'm not going to have time to finish the entire map before we have to transition into phase two which is how to become a master face.

Feer how to become certified and and and gain the skills to go out into the world and apply this right. Away have a really cool set of offers uh that. I think you'll love and um hopefully you guys will see how this can make a difference and you'll you'll decide to become part of the family. But be that as it may let's start with something that is going to pay even you bigger dividends in terms of your your outcomes with your clients with your significant others with your employees with your your supervisors with any human being that has emotions and even some that don't okay.

Let's talk about emotions and how to spot them on the face. So that we can begin to create the emotional profile of a person let just okay. So before. I get before.

I show you the picture the way this chart is set up all of the traits are bilateral in other words. I can have joy on this side of the face. I can have joy on this side of the face. But they're only marked on one side.

So some people often ask well does. Joy only show up on on that side of no. Unless. I say otherwise like the traits right.

Down the center all the. CH all the all the emotional markings can be on the right. Side or the left side usually both the difference is degree based on public versus private okay. You guys with me.

So far okay. Okay. All right. This is my of all the maps.

I've shared with you this is by far my absolute favorite um and the reason for that is because when. I was going through hold on a. Second. I got to close this somehow um the reason for that is when.

I was getting when. I was. First exposed to face reading. I was big into the world of influence and persuasion.

I'd always been fascinated by. Body. Language and behavior. I studied it in college actually.

I was actually uh uh torn between majoring and criminal justice or medicine and uh. I looked at the salary potential of the average police officer the amount of stress that they go through uh their marital status and promptly chose. Healthcare. But.

I never lost my passion and my love for understanding human behavior and psychology uh and how. I can apply this. So we're going to start. I'm going to go for about 10 minutes we're going to go through as many of the traits as we can.

Then we're going to transition into phase two. I'm going to go through the programs we have set up for you and. Then. I'm going to circle back and in phase three.

I'm going to finish this map and. Then we're going to customize the uh the rest of the content of tonight's webinar to what exactly you want to know most about you want to know more about eyes. You want to know more about uh foreheads you want to know more about tongues you want to know about um sexual romantic compatibility you want to know about matchmaking you want to know about lie detection you want to know about um business applications for this how do. I you know how do.

I pick somebody for the right. Job and the right. Business based on their face right. These are all things that we can talk about and.

I'm happy to share that information with you uh for the time that we have. But let's jump in right. Now. So.

So we're going to begin if you think of this like a clock face with 12:00 being here at the 1:00 position you'll you'll see a line that extends from about the midpoint of the eyebrow just above the eyebrow towards the outer lateral border this is a skepticism line when you see this line you you're you're dealing with somebody who spends a lot of time not taking things for granted they take everything with a grain of salt uh and they need to see proof if you see this line and a really high forehead what can you extrapolate about those two traits working together just take a guess this is how you have to think when you're when you're a face reader and you're a profiler this is what you have to to really kind of take into consideration right. How do these traits work together when you've got skeptic until something is proven yeah they're going to they're going to they're going to say show me the data like prove it prove it now don't get me wrong every single one of these people are going to say prove it. But the question is how how do they want you to prove it if somebody has a big upper. Zone and they're skeptical they want you to show them the data if somebody has a skepticism line and a big middle.

Zone you see this in a lot of diamond shaped faces someone with big cheekbones they want to skep they're they want you to prove it by showing them demonstrated for me right. And you're going to see a similar a similar thing play out um in uh in the lower jaw um the in fact what. I. I would go.

So far as to say the further down the face you get the more visceral the proof has to be okay. So. I'm just showing. I'm just again.

I don't usually. I. I don't normally teach this level of trade stacking you guys are kind of getting some stuff behind the curtain. But this is how we think in face reading once we understand the individual traits and how they all work together or or what they are on an individual level which is powerful in and of itself now you can start to look.

At this the context the the the physical trait uh and the emotion and start to extrapolate uh what's going to happen from that and a lot of these things once you really memorize and understand the traits a lot of the stuff will just pop up on a very intuitive level for you there's this weird intuitive amplification that happens um when you're trained in the classical face reading systems lilan never did attunements or anything like that. But. I've been in raike long enough to know when an atunement is being passed. So there's some kind of weird vibrational energetic um phenomena that happens when you become trained in this in this approach.

So uh and that's just that's my two cents on that. So another line we want to look. At and this these are ones you're going to see everywhere and if you if you need to prove face reading to yourself. This.

Will pretty much do it this is where modern science also meets ancient science. So if we look. At the outer canthus which is the corner of the eyebrow you have. Crow feed or lines that start at the outside of the canus and they travel upward this is called a joy line and this would be considered um good.

Joy well that implies. David that is there a bad. Joy the answer is yes. If you look.

If you go across to this map and you look. Over here you'll see lines again that look. Like. Joy lines.

But they don't stop like the joy lines over here they stop at the corner of the eyebrow. But these lines travel up beyond the borders of the eyebrow and when you see these lines traveling up beyond the borders of the eyebrow you start to see what we call pathological. Joy or as you see here written. Mania.

So this is good. Joy not. So good. Joy.

Mania is very bad for the heart okay. Um we'll talk about um how this manifests you'll see this a lot in people with uh bipolar disorder uh you'll see this in some borderlines you'll see this in um a lot of drug um like. U meth users and people who are are are using a lot of stimulants you'll see this pathological. Joy starting to manifest okay.

Um while we're because we're going to what if they're more of a blue collar. So. Stein over. Renning is asking what if they're more of a blue collar their their occupation is not really gonna make a whole lot of difference in terms of the the trait of skepticism on let me go back to this this.

So it doesn't this isn't really going to be affected um by whether you're a blue color or white color worker although. I will tell you that. Auditors lawyers scientists um police officers um a lot of mental health people have these lines they have they develop them what the blue collar versus white collar uh occupation may have an impact on though is the size and shape of the jaw on the forehead. I in fact.

I was teaching a class um not too long ago and. I was telling people let's say that uh you know when. I was younger uh. I was big and.

I was strong and um. I decide to to work my way through college or high school you know as a as a a. Furniture mover or something like that right. And.

I. I liked it. So much. I stayed with it and 10 or 15 years into that career.

I'm big and. I'm strong and. I've got this big old jaw and big old brow bones. Then for whatever reason.

I just get disillusioned and. I realize. I'm. I'm.

I'm selling myself short not that. I'm passing judgment on that vocation. But the person realizes is that they want something a little bit more um polished and. So they they invest in a college education they become an engineer right.

I promise you that you will see a massive change by the time they're finished with that degree you will see a massive change in the relative size of the jaw and the forehead it will literally change okay. Don't believe me go test it okay. And by the way how many face readers do uh how many of my my my. CER my my practitioner face reading practitioners do we have on the call tonight just type that's me in the chat.

Seth says yo. Holly says me okay. How many people uh have meish. Heather says how many people have done a face reading on somebody and by the end of the reading their face was different literally the faces can change right.

In front of you and that's fascinating and magical and scary at the same time right. The faces will literally change if you're a hypnotist. I challenge you when a person comes into you for a session right. Or even a body work.

But usually it's uh you have to do a little bit more. Al. Alchemy to get the shift when when someone comes into you for a. Bodywork session or or or a hypnotherapy session rather take a snapshot of their face and.

Then take another one when they come out and when they leave put them side by side and look. At them you will see profound differences in the face the question is do they keep them or not right. My my my belief and and and my experience has been these things are happening all the time we're just it's just. So subtle we're not paying attention.

So we don't know to look. For them okay. But you will see lifestyle can dramatically shift your facial architecture and as your architexture changes. So does your personality traits that's what's beautiful about this whole thing guys is that you're not stuck there is very few things that we can determine from from uh face reading that permanent that that that have to be permanent that can't be modified or changed in some way and it's an amazing way for those of you who are healers and caregivers and coaches to gauge deep level change in your clients in your subjects okay.

Uh we're going to cover uh these. Last couple three lines and we're going to go into our presentation phase two. So you notice that the outer corner of the eye here is a line that goes a little way down and. Then there's a slightly longer line and.

Then an even longer line what you're seeing here are three degrees of sadness sadness sorrow and grief the way you can start to uh to think about these things is bad worse worst the stuff that hits the grief line has been there the longest and it's been repressed the most. So this is something that um for those of you who are in the healing professions if you got someone who who's coming to you uh for grief resolution of any kind if you actually start to do an inventory you'll find a lot of times they have lung they have lung and intestinal problems because those are the organs related to that energy for those of you who are treating clients with lung problems many times if as they start to heal they'll start to cry. So the longer and deeper the line the longer and deeper the emotional. Reservoir it's connected to now the.

Last thing we're going to look. At is another form of loss that. I see quite often and that's here you have a line that starts at the inner canthus and travels down this whole area by the way is a lung area. So any line that passes through there has connection to the lung this is called a lost love line this line is something you'll see in people who have had something that was a very big part of their identity it could be a person many times it is not um it is usually something that is such a part of their mission in this life a part of their reason for living that makes their heart sing that the loss of it creates a very deep hole in them that they can't fill.

So part of your job as a. Healer if you're going to be a golden pathorer where you're if you've ever had people come to you and say. I know. I'm supposed to do something with this life.

I just can't figure out what what you're dealing with now is what we the. DST call. Golden path or. Ming.

Ming means. Destiny when you come into this world when you take on a body there are certain things you're supposed to accomplish in this. Incarnation and many times the traits qualities and attributes that are in alignment with that mission are the things that give you the most. Joy the mo that make your heart open and sing and if that's for some reason you lose one of those pieces one of those elements you will tend to mark from the inner canthus down now.

I've seen this line manifest two different ways. I've seen it manifest. I've seen it manifest just like you see it here where it starts and it travels down this way. I've also seen it come at the start at the inner canthus come across to meet with the sadness line and.

Then trickle down either way you're dealing with a loss that is very very very not just personal. But spiritual in many cases and part of your job as the. Healer in that context once if you're aware of this is to help them to reclaim this to get this back in some way if you've got that line. Then part of your.

Destiny part of your healing path is to reclaim the thing that was lost or heal as much as humanly possible from it okay. So we looked at skepticism. Joy sadness sorrow grief lost love the. Last one.

I'm going to talk about really really quickly is disempowerment disempowerment tends to manifest in a appeasement type relationships in other words um you'll see this a lot in in uh abuse cases uh child abuse domestic abuse uh you may even see it um to a certain degree in institutional abuse right. And. I'll. I'll elaborate more on that uh in part three and how that looks and what the the ideology behind that is has this been useful.

So far have you guys have you guys gotten things that you can take out into the field and start putting to work okay. Cool are you guys ready to take it further figure out how to level this stuff up cool. So with your permission. I'd like to share with you uh some very special opportunities just for you guys and here's how we're going for those of you who liked what you saw who see how it can make a difference in your in your practice.

I'd like to invite you to take part and participate in our face reading for. Fun and. Profit face reading. Mastery home study course this is a course that's going to teach you how to read anyone's face any time anywhere under any circumstances for any reason and instantly apply that information in a way that's immediately useful to yourself and to the people that you're seeking to help or influence in a positive way face reading isn't is all about taking your life to the.

Next level it's about becoming more aware of who you are inside what's going on at the different levels of. Your. Mind. Body.

Energy and spirit and utilizing that information to make a profound change in yourself and the people who matter to you it's about learning how to read people instantly predicting their behavior. So you can help more people and feel more confident in the interventions and the directions that your um your guidance and your influence are taking as a by product of this you're going to become exponentially more powerful in every aspect of your life from your your business applications to your romantic applications your social and familial applications everything where human beings are involved is going to become easier faster more certain in every conceivable way because you understand people on a level that most people don't even know exists much less can tap into as a byproduct of that people are going to find you automatically more. Charming charismatic they're going to want to follow your lead and as a byproduct of that is simply going to make you more and more resistible it's just how things roll out it's not it's it's almost like you don't have to plan it with this stuff once you understand face feeding these things just kind of happen automatically. But you can intentionally do them as well.

So here's what we got for you now this offer is good until tonight 11:59 p.m and because we're rolling into the holiday season. I'm going to take the limit off if you've bought a webinar package from us before you can buy this one too okay. Usually we limit this to first-time buyers only. But we're going to go ahead raise the ceiling because it's the holidays and we want you to get out there and make a difference in the world okay.

So we're going to start with our face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course this is our our our. Flagship home study course this is going to teach you everything you need to know to read faces anytime anywhere under any circumstances how to quickly and easily assess personality and temperament discover and and.

Implement uh thinking a person's thinking and decision- making style. So that you can use this for yourself and other people how to unlock emotional traumas and and to profile a person's emotional history. So you can figure out what emotions they're holding on to where their traumas happen what ages they happen there's all kinds of ways that we can determine all these things we're going to teach you their management style we're going to show you how to gauge and assess sexual and woman manic compatibility the ability to manage money and resources some people have a a facial architecture that makes them. Naturals for accumulating and and.

Building. Wealth other people have to have other things in place or have to find ways to change their facial architecture for those those monetary abundances to manifest we'll show you what they are and how you can work with them and how you can select the right. People who are more likely to give you the best financial advice wouldn't that be useful right. So we'll give you the ability to manage the money and resources how to connect with people more fully and probably of all the things.

I've talked about as powerful as they are. So much of the ability to connect and understand the people that we're seeking to help and influence is a byproduct of this training. I. I can't tell you just how deep these connections go uh.

But the important thing to remember is that as you man as you get this ability it's important to manage these connections because you will have you will become a very very popular human being will give you the ability to predict human behavior right. And that's very very useful if you're managing a business or you have teams that you need to motivate things of that nature you'll automatically be the most fascinating person in the room and in many cases it'll be very very hard to fool you. So this is a $1,997 value it's a home study course comes with two complete manuals if. I'm not mistaken um and uh yeah.

But we got. But again this is a special offer. So we've got more for you if you click on the link when it becomes available or you reach out to me right. Now and ask for a link we're going to include these special bonuses for you just as a way to flesh out and really create a comprehensive um way of profiling and understanding human behavior and influencing it positively uh while rounding out your ability to profile and make a positive impact on people.

So the. First thing that we're going to teach you give you is uh our. Flagship. NLP course for 2022 and 2023 this is our defense against the dark arts program you know one of the things that a lot of you guys expressed to me uh during uh during the opening parts of the webinar was being able to catch liars and tell lies and.

So defense against the dark arts is all about taking your face reading skills your behavioral profiling skills your lie detection skills your microexpression skills synergizing them into a complete profiling system and a counter manipulation system. So let me explain what that means in dark in defense against the dark. ARS we're going to teach you about how to read the face we're going to teach you about the psychology of sociopaths narcissists dark. Triads uh domestic abuse people we're going to show you and teach you the behavioral tells the the the red flags that they emit that let them know that let you know that you're dealing with a potentially toxic individual right.

And that can be someone as simple as somebody who's just a misogynist or a you know you know very devout antias male person or uh someone who's very very opinionated to dark. Tri ads and human traffickers and uh drug dealers and potential icky people like child molesters and and just. I don't want to talk about that. But we're this course is really really important because it gives you the ability to apply your behavioral skills your face reading skills to select and deselect people how to get people to want to tell you the truth even if they're not primed to do that it's going to teach you how to actually turn the tables on these people how to actually uh diffuse and neutralize their behavior their attempts at manipulation not only that it's going to teach you how to influence people positively and ethically anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance it's going to give you some of the most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to make people like love and trust you and want to tell you the truth in as little as 20 minutes it's going to show you in very very powerful ways how to create connections with people that have their hearts synchronizing to pass emotions back and forth right.

If there were a. Jedi skill that um that we keep kind of to ourselves is our our our patented approach to. State control and projecting and receiving emotions we call it empathic transference or empathic influence that's part of this training as well we're going to teach you how to read micro. Expressions.

So that you know exactly uh what emotions people are trying to conceal and we'll teach you how to put all these things together into a profile and. Then we're going to have you drill on these skills over and over and over again until you can do them in your sleep right. So these now that's what the course is going to do for you here's part of how that's going to do it you're going to get 16 videos starting with what we call the universal persuasion protocol that's going to teach you how to think like a master influencer persuasion experts have a different way of approaching interactions and it's it's important to understand that you are whether you're a. Healer a coach a manager uh a mediator any form of therapeutic intervention is a form of influence and you need to think strategically we're going to show you how to do that it's very simple and it's it's a very it's a very simple tweaks.

But it'll it'll allow you to really get some clarity on uh some of the interventions and how you apply them we're going to teach you how to control your own. Psych emotional state. So no. One else can push your buttons ever again not only that we're going to teach you how to leverage that control and.

Bridge it through. Power report skills into connecting with another human being or a group of human beings and literally synchronize your nervous system to theirs and transmit powerful emotional messages into their minds and bodies that cause them to be primed to connect with you and to respond to your. Communications in a way that's exponentially more powerful than most people are used to in our approach to. Rapport training we have three distinct levels of.

Rapport the. First level of. Rapport is the kind of. Rapport training that you would get in any.

NLP training or any. Eric sonian hypnosis training or any sales training. But. Then we take it even further we show you how to get neurological vibrational kinesthetic.

Report with another human being in a way that you can test it right. And. Then we'll show you how to add and build build on that. Rapport to create powerful states of connection and attraction classical.

NLP style. Rapport skills will not get you attraction okay. They will get you liking to a certain degree they'll get you trust. But they won't get you attraction there's a specific set of other faculties that you need to layer on top of kinesthetic.

Rapport in order for attraction to be spontaneously generated we're going to teach you all three levels. So you can specific speically select the type of. Rapport approach you want to take and leverage that now. I will tell you that the the the power.

Rapport skills training and the psychoemotional state training that you get are prerequisites for all of our. Advanced vibrational healing and influence and unleash the magic program. So if you have a strong desire to do any form of energetic training with us you have to have that skill set in fact uh. I just finished teaching the.

First vibrational influence class that. I've taught in four years years and by the end of the the. Third day they were raising and lowering people's blood pressure body temperature uh pulse rate in minutes right. Uh on a subject that didn't know they were being influenced in in in what direction they were being influenced and we were using blood pressure machines and thermometers to do it that's how powerful this training is okay.

I may actually release some of the some some cuts from that tape when they were doing that that. I haven't decided yet. But. Then we're going to teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist we're going to teach you.

Advanced conversational framework for getting people to emotionally bond with you at any time anywhere under any circumstance and want to do the things you want them to do we're going to teach you how to use it ethically and honestly and how unethical people try to hack it. So you can detect it and and protect yourself we're going to teach you how to turn any no. Into a yes. And have people actually want to do the thing they just told you they didn't want to do do and how to create a deep level of connection.

Bond and emotional trust in as little as 20 minutes a connection bordering on love um we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people. I just talked about that right. We're going to teach you how to utilize a person's own internal. Behavior code like we're gonna like you guys remember when.

I was showing you the decision strategy like are they data driven are they pragmatic are they emotionally driven well people have other types of. Behavioral code that you can also pay attention to and inject into your communication to make it even more powerful we'll show you how to do that we'll teach you how to emotionally. Bond anyone anyone's deepest emotional desires to get them to do what you want them to do that's all part of the dark arts. But there's also fundamentals of lie detection on demand how to spot sociopath narcissist and other evil a-holes before they can get their their hooks in you speed profiling secets for preventing.

Predators from getting their hooks into you. I just said that uh how to turn the tables on these guys hypnotic reframe techniques for winning any argument and keeping yourself from being gaslighted uh 21 conversational red flags that you need to look. For uh that flag people who are going to be abusive or. U manipulative and unethical going forward we'll teach you how to instantly spot micro expressions and change exchange and subtle cues and a whole lot more this is an amazing course it's been voted the number one.

NLP training course in the world for. Last two years. I'm hoping we go for another year year um and it's part and a year is absolutely free as part of this package. So the total value on this is 1,997 combine that with uh your face reading study training it's a $3,995 program okay.

We're also going to include one of the most powerful transformational courses we've ever created this is our identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this is a program that can literally take you from a hypnotic zero to a hypnotic hero in just hours literally will teach you how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason how to remove blocked success and limiting beliefs how to find and remove hidden negativity you didn't even know you had how to find and remove issues that just don't seem to go away or worse yet they go away and they come back if you've ever dated somebody with the same dated a different person with the same uh the same person with a different face this is this is what. I'm talking about if you if you've gone to the chiropractor gazillion times and the pain keeps coming back and there's nothing wrong with you. I'll show you how to fix that right.

In. SE in literally minutes sometimes seconds right. Um. But.

I actually have to explain the technique for you to do it. So usually it's a little bit longer than a than a few than seconds. But um how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to change that crappy voice inside your head the one that's always you why you shouldn't go for things why you don't deserve to have them how everything is going to go wrong. I'm going to teach you how to change that voice in your head once and for all.

But not only am. I going to teach you how to change your voice. I'm gonna teach you how to help your clients change their voice. I'm going to teach you how to remove their that goes away and comes back.

I'm going to teach you how to remove their blocks and limiting beliefs. I'm going to teach you how to work with your clients anytime anywhere under any circumstance there are graduates from some of the classes we've done who are on this call right. Now who have been trained to do hypnosis. Next to a jackhammer with 100% success in a.

Lobby undergoing. Renovations okay. In classical hypnosis there's a lot of. Mythology and that installs limiting beliefs in people we're going to explode those and turn you into one of the most powerful transformation specialist on the planet that is not a an idle boast.

I promise you if you go through this when you go through this training if you're not hypnotizing people at the drop of a hat anytime anywhere in any venue or situation. I'll refund your money because this program is. Head and. Shoulders the most powerful um hypnosis training process we've ever come up with right.

Um we're going to teach you how to change and resolve negativity from your past. So that when people look. Back at their past they only remember it in ways that make their life better we're going to drain the energy from all their negative memories and put it into their positive memories. So their positive memories become bigger and stronger and more compelling than ever before we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you want to be more like whose talents and skill sets you admire into yourself and into your client how to do instant and.

Rapid inductions in just seconds how to deal with some of the most powerful emotional when things go wrong how to fix it and keep running and get the change no. Matter what that's my commitment to you. I want you to have this course because as a face reader you're going to become an emotional reaction generator you're going to see things in people you're going to talk about them and they're going to break they're going to have emotional cathartic responses that you need to know how to manage. So.

I want you to have the most powerful tools that can you can deploy anytime anywhere under any circumstance plus you can take these skill sets right. Into your existing practice and use these to accelerate and amplify the outcomes you're already getting it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you free right. We want you to be ready we want you to have the tools we want you to be unstoppable in your direct and and and really help the people that matter most to you we're also going to include uh this is a special course we we did several years ago this is called people reading for. Fun and.

Profit this is the course that's going to kind of cover all the other stuff that doesn't have to do with the face. So we're going to teach you to read people's body language and expression. So you can understand the body language of. Attraction and repulsion of interest and disinterest how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors how to influence people without words which is really cool how to project charm confidence and.

Charisma on command how to understand men better how to understand women better how to dress for success and much much more not only that you'll learn how to eliminate the behaviors that you're engaging in that you may not even be conscious of that are actually weakening your charisma your credibility uh the trust uh that people are are giving to you or are ascribing to you if you want to be more seen this is probably one of the most important classes uh that you can attend okay. We'll teach you how to close more deals get more dates and everything else that good people reading skills and body language skills will will allow you to get it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So if you did the math the total value on this would be $ 6,988. I'm hoping you can see how it all kind of fits together we put a lot of thought into this package for you guys um and we want we want want you to be able to make the most of it we want to give you the most support that we can uh and the guidance and the tools to really get things done at a high level.

So if it's okay. With you let's just review for a. Second. So you're going to get the secrets of fa reading home study course valued at $1,997 oops that didn't work out the way.

I planned it one a. Second. I have a very light touch mouse uh you're gonna get the speed profiling defense against the dark arts. NLP training this is again the number one.

NLP course in the world for the. Last two years you're going to get that free it's a $1,997 value you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program valued at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the people reading for fund and profit two-day home study intensive byy it at 1,497 total value on this if you were to buy them individually on the website would be $6,998. But obviously we don't really want you to pay $ 6,988 why we're getting into the.

Black. Friday time of year get getting towards the end of the year. A lot of people are going to moan in making changes. So here's what we're going to do you click the link when it becomes available for you right.

Now that's right. You're not going to have to pay $6,998. Heck if we charged you half price would it be. Vol a value for that if we if if we if it only was it was only 34.97 would it be worth it right.

Certainly worth it at 6988. But we're not even going to charge you half price what about $4.97 that's a good price right. That that'd be a deal wouldn't it. NOP we're not even going to do that for those of you who are really serious about taking your life to the.

Next level about expanding your practice expanding your life understanding yourself better connecting with people more fully safeguarding yourself against negative and harmful manipulation and positively influencing people in the way that puts them that moves their needle forward in life you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is click the link that's appearing in your window www. NLP power.com slf. So if you're ready to face the future with a whole new set of tools as they say in uh forbidden. Secrets when would now be a good time to click that link hold on a.

Second. I'm trying to switch between chats and it's not [Music] working pardon me while. I find my links. I'm pretty sure.

Holly or. Mia put the links in there. But. I want to make sure you guys have it all right.

So go ahead and click those links um. But listen we got more for you right. For those of you who are in for the in for the win you know who you are if you have a little bit of. Doubt a little bit of hesitancy.

I get that you know if you're especially if you're new to. Planet. David you don't know the power of what we're teaching you. So here's the deal test drive this content test drive these courses for a full 60 days at the end of 60 days you're not reaping rewards bigger than what.

I've promised by all means give us a call send us an email we'll give you a full and complete refund if you're not on the fast track to understanding people and yourself better than you ever thought possible if you're not able to read. P people's personalities instantly with higher and higher degrees of accuracy and even predict what they're going to do. Next if you're not on the fast track to becoming more successful and manifesting the life of your dreams and helping your customers and clients and team members manifest the life of their dreams if you're not feeling more secure and confident and. Powerful as a byproduct of this training.

I'll refund every peny. You' invested. But. I'm going to tell you up front.

I've under promoted. I've under talked about what's truly possible with this training with this content this material we've taken all the guest work out of it just all you got to do is do the technique you don't even have to believe it the stuff will work and if it doesn't give us a call and we'll we'll uh refund every cent you've invested and we'll even let you keep whatever content you've downloaded right. That's more than fair. So click that link before it's too late www.

NLP power.com slf get your course and start going through it and remember something as you go through this course we are only a phone call or an email away if you need any kind of support any kind of help you need any question answered my team and. I are here to support you through the entire training and learning process and one of the things you're going to discover is the more you learn the less you know there will always be another layer. But this is going to get you started fast it's going to get you started deep and it's going to get you started with absolutely zero risk. So click that link when you're ready um www.p.com all right.

So that's the offer right. And if this wasn't already amazing enough if. I didn't if you didn't see my spoiler earlier if you grab your course tonight before 11:59 p.m. you get to keep all these bonuses if you click the link before. I log off the webinar which is going to be shortly.

Then. I'm going to give you the following extra bonuses and. I actually have an unannounced bonus that's going to piss off my staff. But.

I don't care. So one of the most important things that you're going to need as a face reader as a. Healer is you're going to need a tribe you're going to need people like you to practice with to practice on to give you feedback to give you support to. Mentor you help you and guide you and that's why.

I'm. So proud of what. I'm about to share with you what. I'm about to share with you is something that.

I started in. October of 2010 and. I have been doing this. I've been running this nonstop every month month after month after month since that time this is the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group and archive basically what this is is and a.

Third. Saturday of every month people come to my office or they log in through their. Zoom account or their. Facebook.

Account and. I literally go around the room and. I say hey. Seth what do you want to learn.

Holly what do you learn. Mia what do you learn. Moss what do you want to learn uhh. Sophie what do you want to learn.

Sonia what do you want to learn um whoever else is on my call right. Um hold on a. Second oops. I'm getting all kinds of weird growth lah what do you want to learn right.

Uh todar what do you want to learn um and. I. I sit down and. I write everything that you guys want to learn about on the board and.

Then what. I do is. I look. At where they all kind of overlap where they all connect and.

I create a lesson plan and a syllabus for you guys on the spot and for the. Next four five six seven eight hours. I teach you and. I drill you on these things until you can do them in your sleep okay.

You what you will you will not get a certificate get from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set the ability to network to collaborate to connect with people who have the same desires the same interests who want to get good at the same skills you want to get good at at the end of that three-month trial period if you want to stay in. Planet.

David we'll show you how to extend your membership at the end of the 90 days you got what you needed your skill sets are ready to go you're out in the world doing what you got to do no. Harm no. Foul you got what you needed the best part aside from the people you get to meet is that we have videotaped every single one of our training sessions for the. Last 13 years and we have archived that video on the.

NLP power website parts of it are on the members only platform on our. YouTube channel and the other part of it is archived on our private. Facebook. Groups as a um member in good standing of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you get unfettered unlimited 24hour a day 7-Day a week access to all of that content content that's never been seen on. YouTube that's never appeared in a product that's never been featured in a manual or a book. Everything that you can imagine to do with.

Mind. Body. Energy healing manifestation influence and communication from. NLP to hypnotherapy to.

EFT to accelerated learning to remote influence to remote viewing to manifestation. You. Name. It.

Dating attraction it's all in there what kind of clothing works best that's there too right. You get to binge watch it to your heart's content for the entire 90 days and if you continue your membership for as long as you're a member in good standing you get unlimited access to that that's my gift to you okay. It's a $1,997 value. But we're going to give this to you free for one very simple reason a we want you to win we want you to succeed and one of the things we have seen and.

Seth will tell you and. Heather will tell you and. Moss will tell you and. Mia will tell you anybody who's been around.

Planet. David or in some of our events they come from me in the information they stay for each other nothing will take you from a tourist and a and a and a um a tire a tire kicker to a full-blown. Unstoppable force with this material nothing will do it like the people that support you and. Surround you and this is why this is important you need a support system you need a tribe you need opportunities to practice you need opportunities to hone your skills.

So that you go out into the world ready and that's why we're doing this this is why we created the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program in the. First place because.

So many people from all over the world were coming out of. NLP trainings hypnosis trainings even dating and attraction trainings with all this book. Knowledge and they couldn't do any of it they couldn't make it work. I created this program to fix that and we've been doing that successfully month after month year after year for 13 years one of the reasons.

I'm. So good at the things that. I do and the things that. I demonstrate is because of the people in that.

Mastermind who keep me on my toes and keep me having to come up with new ways to teach things and find connections that. I didn't even know. I needed to make you get the benefit of all of that and you don't have to spend 13 years to do it that's the best part it's going to save you time energy effort and it's fun it's. So much fun and it's yours for free total value on this is um $898.

But there's more there's more just click that link right. Now you're also going to get face reading for fund and profit level two this picks up where our. First face reading course leaves off. So it's going to teach you more about the ears about the cheekbones about the chin about the mouth how to tell if people are stingy or generous how people are have how.

So how people are more likely to be selected as targets of sexual predation or molestation and what facial traits are more likely to indicate people who are capable of those behaviors and. I will show you some very very dramatic examples people who have those traits that are very public figures who actually got convicted of those those crimes and we're accused of those things behaviors emotions chain are are correlated with facial in certain types of facial anatomy and they're more reliable than they aren't okay. Face reading level two picks up or level one leaves off and will just complete your understanding of. Personality profiling behavior and temperament.

So one $1,997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total value on this is $1,982 if you click that link right. Now before. I log off and for those of you who want the live experience for the. Next 17 people to click this link right.

Now before. I log off the webinar you're going to get a very very special. VIP ticket to our. Next upcoming face reading for.

Fun and. Profit at level one 3-day live certification boot camp this is going to teach you how to read anyone in seconds how to. J the personality and temperament the uh uh emotional health of a person how to read their health and. Trauma history how to look.

At their lifestyle and. Constitution as it's written on their face how to judge and gauge their emotional health and physical health how to detect lies how to detect uh people who are very open ver vers very closed who's more likely to lie versus who's less likely to lie all of these things are going to uh help you to cement in these this behavioral facial training and applications um how to read personality traits instantly how to find repressed trauma and emotions how to determine romantic and sexual compatibility how to make people want to like trust and love you and actually hyper suggestable to you how to become the most fascinating person in the room as a byproduct of being a face reader you'll detect lies deception mental issues and. So much more there's a lot that goes into into this and it will really help you functionalize and embody your face reading the material you're getting from your face reading home study programs it's a $3,150 value it's. December 13th through the 15th and yes.

Before you ask you can attend this class virtually. But. I'd much rather have your ass in the room. So please uh try to be here if you can.

But if you can't you can't attend it virtually okay. Uh total value in this is $1 14,132 total value package if you were to buy these things individually through our website which some of these you can. So let's look. At what we got for you guys you're going to get the face reading.

Secrets home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the defense against the dark arts home study course the the number one. NLP training program in the world $1,997 absolutely free you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study program valued at $1,000 $497 absolutely free you get people reading for fund and profit home study course value at $1,497 we're going to give that to you for free you're going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring trial plus the archive. Val it at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the face reading for fund and profit level two home study course buy it at 1,997 and you're going to get that special. VIP super ticket to the the. Five.

Element face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course here in uh. San.

Diego. California you can also attend it virtually now you notice it says. Five. Element face reading because what we're we're doing something really special uh with this program is we've uh we're going to teach you the modern approach to face shoting.

But we're also going to pull back the curtain on the secret energetic trainings that go with the face reading system we're going to teach you about how. J about. Jing about things like. J.

Chi and. Shen the five elements of. Chinese medicine and how they relate to. C certain aspects of the body and how to cultivate purify and build um more vital force in the body.

So that you can become healthier younger more charismatic and use that energy um to enhance your treatments with your clients your patients and your uh um prospects right. It'll make you more charismatic as well okay. Um. So by all means if if any of this is remotely interesting to you if you'd like to take your energetic training your profiling to the.

Next level if you'd like to be more effective and influential with your clients and your patients please click the link right. Now because when. I log off the webinar those fast action bonuses go wa go with me right. You have until 11:59 p.m tonight uh to click the link and get the regular bonus package the webinar package.

But if you want the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring uh trial you want the face reading level to and you want the. VIP uh super ticket to the.

Five. Element face reading home study course you need to click that link right. Now in your chats before. I end the webinar because when.

I end the webinar it goes away now if you have questions and a lot of you will. I understand we always have a stampede to the phones. Mia and. Moss and.

Holly and even. Seth are uh in the chat to answer your questions if you need a more direct answer you can call. Mia or call or call. Moss rather at 858 282 4663 you can text or email.

Mia at. NLP power.com if you've bought packages from us in the past and you have some of the courses already in your account that. I've listed no. Problem just call call the uh the helpline or email moss and.

Mia let them know what courses you have what course you'd like to substitute for that and we will happily do that as long as the price point is equal or lesser we're happy to customize the package for you if you have no. Idea what would be a good fit. Then call moss moss is probably the best resource for what should we plug into this spot to make this an even better package for you right. Um he's taken all the courses at infinitum.

I'd say. Seth. But. Seth doesn't have access to our phone.

So you're going to deal with moss who's the guy. I chose to to really kind of handle that he's really good at shepher people through that process now. I will tell you there's always a stampede for the phones. So here's what happens if you call and.

Moss is on the other line you need to leave all of your contact information and. I mean all of it if you call and you get our voicemail and you don't leave your contact information you will not repeat you will not qualify for the extra. F action bonuses. But if you call and you get our voicemail and you do leave um your contact information should you choose to grab this course for yourself you will in fact qualify for the fast action.

NLP power archive the face reading level two and the. Five. Element face reading. VIP super ticket okay.

So by all means click that link remember everything is guaranteed for a full 60 days let us support you let us help you build that and. I will show you exactly how much transformation you can bring into the world starting with yourself. Okay. Click the link right.

Now www.lpower.com the total package value on this is $1 [Music] 14,132 you get it all for one low installment of $99.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each okay. Super simple super easy click that link before it's too late remember there's only only the. Next 17 people to click this link get the. VIP ticket right.

So if you missed that or it kind of blew by you remember it's not just the time limit that's important there's there's only 17 seats left and they're going pretty quick from what the numbers moss and. Mia are sending me are indicating. So by all means click that link before those seats are gone right. You can attend it virtually you can attend it live.

Last thing. I'll say before. I give you guys uh some time to finalize your your packaging and stuff like that remember that the. VIP ticket does not expire what that means is that if you click this link right.

Now and for some reason you can't come to the training in. December no. Problem pick up the phone shoot an email to. Moss or.

Mia we will move you to the. Next training. Next time we do this training you get a front row seat right. If the price goes up between now and that.

Next training you're protected your price is guaranteed you get to go free no. Matter what we charge if you decide that the face reading you're good with just the home study course. But you know somebody who wants to do the face reading training live or through. Zoom you can gift them your.

VIP ticket okay. And. Last. But not least if for some reason you can't go to the training and all of a sudden your schedule frees up and all of a sudden you do have the ability to get to the training or attend the training.

But it's full no. Problem pick up the phone pick up the activate your email send us a notification let us know you're coming and we will make a seat for you now obviously we can make a seat for you if you're doing through. Zoom. But if you want to do it live which.

I really really recommend if you can do it you do what you can do until you can do something better right. I recommend you be in the room because nothing is going to shift this for you or move the needle for you like being in the room right. Because. Then.

I can just read your face and just zap you into all kinds of crazy stuff all right. So total package values $ 14,132 you can get it all for one low investment of $9.97 today until 11:59 p.m. tonight if you click the link before. I log off you get everything on this on the screen in front of you if if you don't anything that's in blue goes away anything that's in. Black uh below the blue goes away.

So the. NLP power the face reading to and the. VIP super ticket they leave when. I do.

So grab your grab your uh grab your package get in our database and uh when we come back from our break we're going to go into part three we're going to finish the emotional map and. Then we're going to focus on specific areas that you want to know you want to use use face reading full. So that's what. I got that's what it'll do for you here's what to do.

Next click those links reach out to. Moss or. Mia uh. Holly and.

Seth are in the uh in the chats also able to answer questions and uh we'll see you in about seven minutes we uh be 610 by my. Reckoning e e e e e e e e e e e e all right. We got about one minute until uh just take a look. At where.

I am on camera okay. Good all right. Uh while we got about a minute does anybody have any quick and easy questions for maah before we proceed with the part three of our webinar it would now be a good time to speak you guys having fun is this has this been a useful uh investment for you guys son emailed. Moss awesome.

Sonia thank you. So much. I'm glad you're part of us glad you're with us yay. Heather.

I to watch out. Heather's dangerous she is like she's like a a major wizard. I should say. Dr wizard.

Dr. Heather all right. How many energy. I'm curious how many energy healers do we have on the on the the training tonight joh me okay.

I've been toying with the idea of maybe doing uh doing some energy healing trainings. Beyond just vibrational healing and actually doing a whole certification track on that. But um people are interested let me email me and let me know. Anyway all right.

So um for those of you who stayed with us you get the goodies right. You do the you follow the instructions you get the goodies. So. I'm all yours now okay.

So if. I were to do like a. Advanced. Medical raiki certific uh training program.

Beyond just what everybody learns in level one two and three uh and and and go deep into like what was being practiced in the. Chiang hospitals in. China as it relates to raiki and stuff like that that would be something you guys might might be interested in. Yes.

No. Maybe. So just putting it out there because that would be interesting yeah it wouldn't be cheap either um. But it'll be awesome all right.

So you guys want to pick up with the emotions or do you guys have something specific fact while we're while. I have you here now type specifically into the chat what specifically do you guys want to know more about again remember this this. Last part of the webinar is really where. I.

Target it to exactly what you guys want to know about. So you want to know about emotions we'll finish emotions you want to know about um business applications or personality traits other than rather than emotions we can talk about that you want to talk about um what do you want to know otherwise. I'll just go ahead and finish the emotions man says psychic boundaries arura says applying this to business okay. So.

Nan when you ask about psychic boundaries what exactly are we talking about here. So. Lee is asking how. I how to listen and not interrupt when people are talking um that's really not a face reading application.

But we can talk about that traits of behavior and personality okay. SE. Stein says uh. Nan says.

I'm very sensitive to others okay. So. I'm gonna go on the. I'm gonna go on the um out on a limb here and say you're probably one of those people who considers themselves to be super empathic yes.

Okay. Trust me you're not the only one there are many people who who come to. Planet. David because they've got empathy on overdrive.

But what they don't what they have is not empathy it's sympathy somebody feels something and. Then all of a sudden they're feeling it too that's not empathy that's sympathy you feel what they feel right. Empathy is a parallel or a derivative of sympathetic. Transmission in that it allows us to understand and um harmonize for lack of a better word with how somebody's feeling right.

Those two words. I had this discussion the other day those two words are thrown around an awful lot um and you need to understand the distinction sympathy is when you feel what another person's feeling now. I will tell you this for nothing if you're. G to engage in the world of energetics um you've got to start cleaning your crap a lot and you've got to learn how to build armor and shields because if you're doing the work properly as you develop your energetics as you develop your three bodies you'll be become progressively more permeable to the vibrational micropulsations all around you now uh in my.

Last vibrational influence class which we just finished on. Sunday. U my students got a a big faceful of that where they were they were sending stuff back and forth and. Then.

I told them that's happening to you this is happening to you all the time it's just you're not conscious of it. But it's still affecting you people who have super levels of empathy tend to have a default setting on their mirror neurons run that just automatically reproduces whatever it encounters okay. Now there's two really fast ways to diffuse that and they're neuroscience-based okay. Um the.

First one is to understand that all you have to do to get your nervous system to process input differently is ask better questions. So here's what. I mean when. I walk into a room where somebody's having a a conniption a rage attack a grief spell a.

PTSD uh episode or they're just on their freaking period or having low blood sugar right. Or have a cold and. I walk in all a sudden boof. I feel that the moment.

I feel that the. First thing. I ask is this mine or somebody else's because if. I wasn't feeling it outside the room and.

I felt it when. I went inside the room that's a legitimate question is this mine or somebody else's the moment you ask that question and your nervous system responds it's somebody else's your your your. Shield gets instantly more permeable okay. It it it causes you to dissociate and go meta to the experience the.

Next thing that you want to do is ask yourself a question what else could this be hey there's christow awesome hey. Chris what else could this be uh the books you want to reference for what. I'm about to talk to you about are um how emotions are made by. Dr.

Lisa. Feldman. Barrett and seven and a half lessons about the brain by the same author okay. The moment you ask your nervous system what else could this be it detaches the meaning you've youve your nervous system has connected to the sensation and once the nervous system detaches and decouples.

The. Sensation from the emotional label you can attach any other label to that sensation and your nervous system will process it likees that okay. Those two questions will neutralize just about anywhere. I would say between 50 and 80% of a lot of the random empathic crap you encounter just those two and it will put a significant dent in the other 20% the other thing you can do is say okay.

Is this mine or somebody else's what else could this be what color is it if my higher mind could send me a feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would completely dissolve and neutralize that feeling and inoculate me uh towards it going forward for the rest of my life or the rest of the day or. However long. I'm here what color or colors might it send me whatever that color the. First color that pops into your head is the color that you use you imagine a ball of energy that color floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change and.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take into. Every. Beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow and expand and fill the entire room wrap it around you breathe it through your entire body. But especially through the area where that less than.

Pleasant color used to be and watch it and feel it dissolve away. Stein over says do that color shape warm cold. So on yes. So uh if we were going to take a holographic memory approach we would say um what color is it does it have any weight temperature texture size or shape inside your body outside your body or both how young might you be when you.

First feel feeling that that's going to take your intervention in a completely different direction right. Those are things those kinds of psychic boundaries and those kinds of psychic self-defense techniques and psychic cleansings and things of that nature those we teach in things like um unleashing the magic um sometimes in vibrational healing or vibrational influence man says yes. That word. I just got my answer.

Perfect all you got to do is those three questions and you're golden right. Are there other things you can do you're welcome man are there other things you can do 100% are those the things that cook. The rice the fastest yeah everything else takes a little bit more explanation a little bit more mechanics you got to set them up this stuff you can do in a dark line at. Starbucks in two minutes okay.

Oh yeah we got man we got all kinds of stuff you have that's a that's a tiny piece. But again when you get when you go through your uh your identity by. Design course and you start seeing all the different interventions and the color work and the sound work and you'll start to understand a little bit about what we really do here in. Planet.

David um it's it's a pretty special place. I. I you know. I.

I have to pinch myself sometimes when. I see the things that my students are doing and one of the guys you he me mention his name. Christopher stomal he's on the call um he's one of those amazing students has gone out and just done amazing amazing things with these. Technologies right.

And you can too right. Uh. I've said this before and. I'll say it again you are literally you are literally made of magic my job is to show you how to unlock it okay.

Uh. Kish my grit says hi. Dr. David.

Snider looking sharp. W thank you thank you very much all right. Um. So hopefully that answered your energy questions trapped energy released in my hearing and vision go better yes.

And the inter and and uh. Nan the uh the interventions just get stronger and stronger as you go deeper okay. Um. So are we back to emotions or do we have other things we want to do.

I saw somebody was talking about behavior and personality traits um is that where you guys want to go or you want to go back to emotions. I'm good either way. But. I hope you find that energy intervention is helpful uh.

Kish. I don't know if. I'm going to. I will probably get to.

Phoenix or. Prescott as a tourist or maybe attending a seminar. I don't know that. I'll ever um that.

I'll ever teach one there in the in the near future. But you're only six hours away give or take from. San. Diego come on out and train right.

So. Beth says she wants to do emotions is getting distracted a faceline thing no. Um lines on the face are usually more emotions distraction is usually a byproduct of certain behaviors and psychological traits um not to be confused with emotion okay. Okay.

So um. But while we're on the subject of of distraction. So a lot of people who have a lot of fire energy in their in their constitution will tend to have high levels of dopamine that means they're very very sensation novelty driven that can come across or give the appearance of attention deficit or being highly distractable because any new thing in the environment pulls their attention anything they've never done before sucks their interest okay. So when we look.

For fire on the face you look. At the points of the ey. So uh let's go back to our model we'll talk about again we'll talk more about this in. December um.

But when we look. At elements of the. F the fire element what we're talking about are tips tips and points. So the tip of the the inner canthus the tip of the outer canthus tip of the nose um corners of the mouth any place you have a tip or a point is where the fire element starts to manifest if you have a lot of freckles you have extra fire.

So these people tend to have a little bit stronger dopamine. Pathways and. So they're kind of all over the place many times they'll be they'll be doing 27 different things and just bounce back and forth they tend to drive. Woody people crazy um because while wood people tend to have a lot of varied interest they're a b bit more focused uh than fiery people.

So if if you have somebody who's got very pointy features pointy ears they've got a lot of fire and. So they'll tend to be a little bit more um energetic novelty driven they're usually mourning people. I hate those people right. Um.

But that's kind of what you can see if you've got people are uh exhibiting manic symptoms for example um if you see people with this marking oops this could manifest either as easily distracted or extremely hyperfocused it really depends on what other um physic or psychological attributes they've got if they've got really strong brow bones that means they've got a lot of wood energy which means they'll be very hyperfocused if they've got a really flat brow bone more pointy narrow or wispy uh eyebrows they'll be less driven. So they'll be a little bit more flighty if the chin isn't super strong like it isn't really big or very square and they're not as grounded this is part of the earth this is part of the water element the ja the mouth is part of the. Earth element and the uh the. Jaws are part of the wood element these are the things that tend to keep people focused.

So the bigger these traits are um the more that fire is channeled. But the weaker they are or the smaller they are the more um ditsy or or kind of airheaded for lack of a better word um that person will tend to manifest. So does that answer does that answer your question all right. Well that being said um okay.

So. Sonia is asking me do. I have suggested for changing height and sensitivity with light sound vibrations and [Music]. EMF.

I do um there's two directions that you can go this is really not the the focus of today's webinar. Sonia. But. I'm happy to help with those questions um a you can find some devices or crystals that will help neutralize and buffer.

EMF uh that's probably the simplest solution uh and at least expensive uh the other thing you can do is find devices uh there's this thing called. The. Cosmic tower that a friend of mine. Nico.

Martin sells very powerful for cleaning and cleansing the environment they're not cheap at all um. But they're really powerful um and. Then the other way to do it is through certain energetic practices uh building your your three-way. CH.

Fields uh having a stronger grounding to the. Earth and building that that that root uh and using that to supplement and um amplify your innate energy field can be very very powerful in fortifying your your your three your three sens your three energy membranes and making you less malleable in the terms of. EMF and things of that nature there's lots of different ways you can approach that really depends on uh the amount of what resources you have available okay. So all right.

I'm going to go ahead and uh. I'm gonna. I'm gonna finish at least half the emotions and. Then.

I'm going to jump into some uh behavioral trait applications. So you guys can start to see what that looks like. So. I'm going to jump.

I'm. G to strink this down just just a little bit before. I do though if you haven't clicked your link and for those of you who have a strong energetic background uh we will actually be doing energetics integratively with the face reading at the live event in. December.

So if you want uh um some of the practices. I was just mentioning to. Sonia and some other things for cultivating your jingqi and. Chen um there'll actually be uh some extra modules that we're teaching in face reading because.

I decided to integrate those two different paths uh that being said. So we talked about joy we talked about sadness sorrow grief uh. I want to finish my explanation of this disempowerment line that. I talked about.

So when you see these lines and by the way. I don't care at this. Point um if you see them in a client you see them on yourself or you see them in in people you work with when you see these lines what it implies is that at some point in their past somebody tried very very hard to violate this person's boundaries and when the. Violator made the attempt the person with these markings pushed back they said no.

They said. I'm not standing for that. I'm not letting you do that you're not going to that's not okay. Unfortunately when they tried to stand up fors the perpetrator.

The. Violator pushed back even harder and rather. Then continue to put up a fight this person lapsed into appeasement mode they said okay. Okay.

Whatever you want just just just stop whatever you. I'll do whatever you want just don't hurt me or whatever they they laps into this this appeasement kind of an energy where they're doing everything they can to not get hit right. So the reason. I bring this up is because there's two traits on here on this facial map that are the byproduct of anger or boundary violation and they go in two very different directions how many of you remember the old um the old sitcom.

All in the. Family you guys remember that with. Archie. Bunker and.

Edith and. Meathead and okay. So probably the best stereotypical example of somebody with these markings was the character of um. Edith.

Bunker played by. Moren. Stapleton you know every time. Archie was mad it's okay.

Auntie. I'll make it better don't get angry everything's gonna be okay. It's all right. I'll do it you know um and she was always trying to satisfy him always trying to appease.

Archie's temper right. Now not that. Archie was abusive in the classical sense he was just a chauvinistic white dude right. Growing up you know who grew up in the 40s 50s 30s 40s and 50s right.

Um and he was a stereotypical guy right. But. Edith was always trying to make things better right. I.

I. I missed the political incorrect incorrectness myself. I'm a big fan of political incorrectness uh. I applaud it whenever possible because my my stance is human beings have started taking themselves way too fraking seriously and if.

Politically. Incorrect language color from metaphor swearing of the word boobies offend you there's the exit button right. U. But that being said when you see markings they're diagonal lines that go down the side of the [Music] nose when you see these markings you're dealing with somebody who has had their boundaries violated they tried to protects it didn't work and they just said okay.

Take whatever you want. I'll do whatever you want just don't hurt me. So you're dealing with someone who's probably got a lot of repression a lot of fear a lot of guilt um. But on a deeper level we're dealing on a behavioral level now we're dealing with something else and this has ramifications this person has established a behavior a behavior of appeasement.

So anytime somebody impro um encroaches on them and they push back and the other person pushes back harder they'll cave right. Now. I have a working. Theory.

I can't prove it yet. But. I have a working theory that certain types of predators intuitively and instinctively understand this market and. So those kinds of people may be targeted again it is known that many rape victims and um victims of sexual mation a large percentage of them are targeted more than once by different people.

So again. I think there are certain tells that. Predators instinctively know and some of those can be a lot of those are body language cues a lot of them are lifestyle um modifications we cover this by the way really in depth uh in defense against the dark arts which is in your package we covered like all the victimology like exactly what they look. For what things put you on the menu on their radar what things take you off there's a whole checklist um it's a really good course if you haven't gotten it.

I really recommend you grab it um. Anyway um. But if you get a client that comes in and they're presenting problem is not that there's a high probability that if you're doing any kind of hypnotic work that's going to come up it may not be their presenting problem sometimes it is. But if you're go if you're doing any kind of regression work at least there's a good chance that that that stuff will come up and if you get them empowered and get them the resources they need um not only will these lines go away they'll be they'll actually they'll actually stop doing the behavior one usually follows the other.

So um there's a question that's about in game um okay. Any questions about that marking hold on. I lost my chat function okay. Okay.

Um the. Next trait. I want to talk to is also um a result of anger. But it has a very very different indication right.

I'm going to expand rather significantly uh. Christina if you need the uh you want use this use this link to grab the course um another one. I want to talk about how many people have ever seen the little lines between a person's eyebrows right. So this is what it looks like.

So when you see two lines between somebody's eyebrow you're dealing with some kind of a person who's kind of perpetually or chronically irritated annoyed or impatient. I have these lines. I am the poster child for these lines um. I have a temper and an annoyance level that will will go from zero to 60 in a nanosecond okay.

And. I'm working very hard on clearing that. But there's another line it's not on this map that is very very common um and this is one that. I want you guys to be aware of because of the implications of it uh both in terms of short-term behaviors and long-term success and that is when you see one line right.

Down the center or just a single line now it can be a really thick line like you see here or it can be super thin. But it's one single line in this space when you see that line what you're dealing with is a trait um. I'll just do it over here you're dealing with a trait we call a suspended needle now in a suspended needle marking this is also the result of a boundary violation. However in this case the person had their boundaries violated and they pushed back they got angry and when they got angry they crossed a line and were punished for it okay.

So let me explain this a little bit. So when you're seeing the one single line. L says that's not yeah in in. Chinese medicine this is known as shenmen right.

Spirit. Spirit gate one of them there's many shenmen by the way. Anyway this person got into an argument had their boundaries violated they got angry they pushed back when they pushed back they crossed a line broke a rule got caught got punished badly for it and. I'll give you some examples in a moment they got punished severely for losing their temper and lashing out and the punishment impacted them.

So deeply that they made an unconscious decision that getting that angry and losing control or and and or losing control was dangerous they made a decision to never ever let that happen again to get that angry again and they took. They took. An unconscious wall and they built it smack dab in the middle of their their their uh their wood or liver energy okay. If you know anything about.

Chinese medicine they'll tell you that. U the emotion of anger is related to the wood element which is related to the liver okay. If you were coming to me for. Chinese um medical therapy.

I would. I would diagnose your liver and your gallbladder which is the wood element by the health in this area okay. So what happens is they make this unconscious decision sometimes they're conscious of it. But it's usually not it's usually something that was.

So the punishment for losing their temper was. So bad they say. I'm never doing that again if if you have identity by. Design or you've been through that training uh you may hear us talk or you've heard about.

Magic. Frame you may have heard you may have heard the idea of the concept of safety lessons right. Safety lessons are addendums and writers that we put onto experiences to keep us from. Forgetting the lesson and keep us from.

H from from letting it happen again in your identity by. Design course um you'll get a thorough training on safety lessons and how to get rid of them and how they need to be resolved. So that's what happens right. We put a an a block on our liver energy which is the wood element of the body now putting a limiter on.

How. Deeply you express and act on your anger. May on the surface sound like a good thing here's the problem your wood element your wood energy is your boundary protection energy yes. It's also your achievement energy it's the energy that allows you to go forward and be creative be successful be a superstar in your life and.

So when you see people with this. Market they've literally taken on a scale of 0o to 100 of percent of their maximum energy and literally cut it in half and they're only operating on that and they can't go any further. So what'll happen a lot of times is these people will have what we call the. Failure to.

Launch like they'll they'll be. Jacks of all trades masters of none or they may actually be masters of many trades and fail to gain any significant um lifestyle or career benefits. So. I had a.

I had a a person that. I worked with once he was massive line here and this guy could do just about anything he was a professional photographer he was an expert audiovisual guy he knew how to he could hypnotize people like it was nobody's business he was the one of the best handymen. I knew he could anything he would get he. But he couldn't work for anyone he would get hired by somebody and all the self-sabotage would start he would start a new business he'd get to a point where he was making a living.

But not growing and he would be stuck and. Then and if somebody hired him he would whine about the people who hired him and self- sabotage okay. Now there's. I can give you a bunch of reasons for why.

I think that's happening on a psycho emotional level. But energetically what we're seeing is when somebody has this line it doesn't matter how much they know it doesn't matter how skilled they are the moment they embark on some path they will reach a certain point in that trajectory and all forward momentum will stop they'll stay there and not grow any further or what often happens is they will find a way to self-sabotage it and blow it up to justify them leaving these people are the kings of passive aggressive behavior by the way trust me you see it they don't recognize it. But it's there right. And the or they lose interest in that path.

So talking about one of one of my clients right. Mat fantastic photographer just gave it up got bored one day said. I'm not doing it anymore right. Uh hypnotist blew it up just stop doing it um.

AV guy massive walk-off right. My point is is that this marking is a sign of someone who's put a limit on their anger and by the way this is uh this area is called father's blessing in the. Chinese systems and. So the space between the eyebrows is often looked at as father's blessing or.

Father's curse what it means is is that when a person has very. WID set eyebrows a lot of space in this area they usually had a father figure male or female who taught them how to get along in hierarchies corporations social groups um clubs like they know how to they know how to go through the rituals and move up and down the corporate ladder very very well. So these people could move very smoothly up and down because they knew the rights of the they knew how to play in the within the culture there's people who have a what we call a poor father's blessing or a small father's blessing and those are people whose eyebrows tend to be much closer together these. PE and they also they often have that line.

But not always and these people tend to be much more impatient they always feel that they're much more deserving of promotion than the people who are. Next in line for it they're always trying to skip over other people because they don't play well in a corporate or hierarchical structure they don't know how to get along go along to get along that makes any kind of sense. So if you see a very narrow eyebrow or space or you see one of these markings you're going to see somebody who's got a lot of impatience um they tend to be um and there's two different there's two different traits. I'm talking about the father's blessing and the the suspended needle or suspended sword um what.

I've discovered in people with the line is that these people on top of being the kings and queens of passive aggressive behavior uh. Danny's asking do mono. Brows mean anything to you or is it just oh no. I could tell you all kinds of things about mon brows mono.

Brows and. Franken brows as. I like to call them uh yeah we have whole training on that yeah believe me when. I'm giving you just.

I'm giving you. I'm giving you tiny pieces of a very very intricate and comprehensive system and it's right. Lah says feels false going along to get along again corporate hierarchies are based on the ability to observe the rights of the corporate culture and have be thought be well thought of by your superiors people with a small father's blessing don't have patience for that they're always trying to. LEAP right.

So think about this now do sociopaths and. Psychopaths have a lot of patience are they trying to move as fast as they can or are they taking their time now this is again your profilers now think think it through think it through is it possible not not definite or probable. But is it possible that someone with a smaller father's blessing area might be a little bit more on the sociopathic. Spectrum right.

Not saying if you got if your eyebrows are very close together that you're a sociopath not saying that. But the traits of a soop someone who's sociopathic who's dark. Triad or. Machiavellian is um they they usually are very impatient they're very impulse-driven and very sensation seeking.

So when you get these people they are going to look. For shortcuts okay. The more. Dangerous.

Ones will probably have a wider father's blessing because they know how to work the system does that make sense okay. Now if you you've got somebody who's got the question was asked by. Danny about. Franken brows right.

If the person has very very bushy eyebrows and it goes all the way across this person will tend to have a bit more of a temper they'll tend to be much more passionate uh they'll tend to be very athletic um um because they have a lot of wood energy they they can get angry. But they can as a rule they tend to manage their anger very very well there are some people who get angry and they just lose their other people get angry and they become super productive that's more or less the. Franken brow the problem with the the problem that our poor our poor uh. Franken brow or monob brow um brother brothers and sisters have is that they look.

Mean and they look. Tough. So growing up a lot of times they get picked on because people think they're these tough tough people they're like the you know if you want to be be well respected you know you go you in a prison you beat up the toughest guy well a lot of people see people who have who are pretty large because they're usually pretty big too. But they have this um this very prominent brow and it it it kind of earmarks them and they get targeted a lot for people trying to prove they're tough by taking on the who they think is the toughest guy on the campus.

So sometimes these people actually are very nice people and they've just gotten they've had to learn to fight because they people kept picking on them right. Um. But people with that kind of a brow bone or that kind of a brow you're going to find that they love to be the hero and. So anytime you can engineer or they get to save somebody either phys literally or metaphorically they'll often work harder for free and a thank you and gratitude than they will for a paycheck um what else something else.

I was going to say to that um well it'll it'll come back to me. So is this is this helpful is this useful okay. So there's a lot more again we we'll cover all this stuff in your face reading program both the the home study course as well as the the live. So if you haven't uh reserved your spot would now be a good time to do that right.

Um. Prasad is asking about um. I've noticed your eybrows go down it feels like people with. Down brows are.

Cal is that true no. No. Uh when we look. At the direction of a person's eyebrows here's a here's a generalization you can make if a trait is angled upward you tend to be more of an optimist if a trade is angled downward you tend to be more of a pist.

So my eyebrows naturally. Contour my eyes. And angle downward. So my tendency is to look.

At the world through worst case scenarios and come up with contingencies um and. I see people suffering very very clearly and. I'm always looking for ways to fix that right. So.

I call these good samarit eyebrows. U because these people are very people with these downturned eyebrows are very very sensitive to the negativity of the world um and they they tend to feel other people suffering and they want to do something to help the problem with that is that people with the with too many of these downturn traits they tend to be really vulnerable to a good. Saab story. So if somebody comes at you and just tells you about how their dog died and their pickup truck broke down and their wife left them for his best friend right.

And aside from being the the themed to some local country song the. First thing you start doing is looking for ways to help them okay. Not that the people with the upturned eyebrows are sociopathic or don't care it's just they're more optimistic they tend to see the glasses half full as opposed to half empty right. And they don't think about all the the sadness generally speaking.

L says you're very good. David. I wish good for you and your family thank you thank you very much for that um. But yeah and you look.

At my eyebrows and some of my other traits you can start to see kind of why. I do some of the things. I do. I would have never prior to learning face reading.

I never would have. C to any of it. But. But these are some things that that'll start to and if.

You' got people who have these downturned eyebrows and maybe downturned outer canthus or or whatever understand that their natural inclination is to see things a little bit more realistically which is code word for peasant. ISM by the way um and and deal with them accordingly right. Use understand that tendency and and work that aspect into how you're going to influence them to help them move the needle of their life full and if you have those traits. Then by all means um work on becoming more positive and if you if you get enough reps in those traits can start to change.

So. So. Julie's asking can plastic surgery injection change personality traits yes. Yes.

Anytime you remove physical substance from the body you're changing what lilan used to call the. Jing the. Jing quotient of that person and the. Jing of the body is where all of your traits talents personality characteristics and potentials are stored.

I like to think of it as the solid fuel that powers the rocket and if you cut a bunch of it out you're not only going to change the way the energy flows you're going to change how much of it there is to flow. So yes. The short answer is yes. You can change personality traits and physical abilities through plastic surgery.

So you have to be careful what you take out okay. That being said um if you haven't clicked that again we'll cover all this in your in your home study course we'll cover all this in the live training virtual or not please please be there. Last time before. I.

I go off into the night um click your links right. Now you're going to get the whole face reading for home uh face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course the defense against the dark arts uh.

NLP training and uh personality profiling training $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course valued at $1,497. Value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're also going to get the uh people reading for fund and profit home study course valued at $1,497 once again absolutely free uh you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program and trial plus the 13-year video archive valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get the uh face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two and the. VIP ticket.

Five. Element face reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course uh 1997 and $33,150 value respectively total package value for this is $1 14,132 you can get the entire program for $1,132 uh it's value you can get that for $997 now or you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each now here's the deal.

I told you. I teased you at the beginning of the webinar that. I was going to throw in one one extra bonus that was going to piss off my staff for the. Next seven people that click the link and get their program now.

I am going to give each and every one of you a free 30 minute one-on-one consultation with me if your name's in the database and you've already clicked the link you've already got one for the. Next seven people who click this link and get in our database and. Reserve this program not only will you get defense against the dark arts identity by. Design face reading for.

Fun and. Profit uh level two people reading. NLP. Mastermind mentoring the.

VIP super ticket you will get 30 minute one-on-one consultation with me that's about a $1,500 value because. I charge about $3,000 an hour for a session you can ask me anything you want you can pick my brain get some training on something do a consultation for future coaching sessions whatever you want it's your 30 minutes. But only if you click that link right. Now only for the.

Next seven people on top of everything we've talked about okay. So click that link right. Now and uh. I'm going to stay on for just a minute or two field some questions if you have them uh and.

Then we're going to say good night right. Told you. I had a surprise. I told you if you stayed till the end you'd get some goodies right.

All right. Well would now be a good time to click those links. L says that's a wonderful thing. David thank you that's a blessing my pleasure it's what.

I'm here for. I had you know it's interesting over the past couple three weeks. I've gone through some. I've had some.

Revelations about things um which. I'm not sure this is the. Forum to talk about. But you're going to see some big changes coming up good ones really good ones for a lot of you uh in the near future because something came apparent to me that.

I. I was kind of missing before. So kit is asking am. I a shaman yes.

I actually have a degree in. Shamanism medical. Shamanism technically and. I'm going to have two more in the.

Next 12 to 18 months. Beth's getting ready for bed now that's okay. We're about to log off. Beth thank you for staying with us.

I hope you uh. I hope to see you in a training very very soon all right. In the words of the immortal. Carol.

Bernett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song things we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say salom good night and. God bless my friends.

I will see you on the other side click those links and let's have a party. God bless.
