Title: Emotional Mind Control Secrets - Vanessa Jane Patrick Interviews  Dr. David Snyder
File Name: 5-BA4suQya4.txt
Video Id: 5-BA4suQya4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-BA4suQya4

Hey everyone and welcome back to the surf connection in isolation exclusive interview series today we're up to interview number 18 and we've got another phenomenal salt by the name of dr. David. Schneider in the house ready to create some magic and what. I wanted to just tell you guys about is just a little tiny snippet of.

David's amazing background and his expertise just. So you have a little taste and flavor of who he is before we dive into these amazing questions. So dr. David.

Schneider is recognized as one of the world's leading experts in hypnosis. NLP and mind-body technologies for peak performance persuasion and covert influence he's a hypnosis trainer master practitioner and trainer in. NLP and the. Society of experiential trance he's the founder and creator of the.

CPI conversational persuasion and influence system and. David also holds a master's of. Arts degree in acupuncture and. Oriental.

Medicine from. Southern. California. University of.

Health. Sciences where he pioneered the use of hypnotic technique in combination with acupuncture therapy and also holds ninth degree blackbelt in the martial arts. So that's kind of crazy to me it feels like it's just like whoa like where does it stop. So.

I'm very very excited to dive into this with you. David because. I came across your work on. YouTube probably maybe a year or.

So ago. But. I was diving into my own. NLP courses and and study and really loved what you're all about.

So. I'd love to start with asking you. David what are you most grateful for in your life right. Now most grateful for besides my family a single subscriber and student and person who's ever found benefit or or derived any any form of value from the materials that we've put out.

I am grateful for them every moment of every day and that includes the people on this podcast because not only do they come to me you know with a problem that maybe. I have an answer to. But not they take those solutions that they get for themselves and. Then they go out and they share it with other people they pay it forward and.

So one by one person by person they're changing the world even though they don't they don't realize that they're doing that. But they have they come away with the ability to help the people they care about and to show people that that there's hope that there's a better way to do something that there's there's light at the end of the tunnel and. So more than anything. I'm grateful for the opportunity to to share and to connect with people like that that's what.

I'm grateful for that's awesome and. I love that because it's the ripple effect you know you don't know how many people's lives you can change and influence and impact from the work that you're doing. So and you definitely have done that in my own work and and given the concepts of. NLP and more.

I don't know like a different angle a different perspective which has allowed myself to just you know. I work through and understand the concepts better and. Then be able to apply them to my life a hell of a lot better. So.

Mary and. I also want to know if you could before we dive into the main questions. I'd love to just for you to explain to other people out there um kind of what inspires you. I mean.

I feel like you just kind of dive into a bunch of it. Then. But what inspires you in the work that you do and you know are the many different lenses that you have what inspire well that that's that that almost always takes me to a very long twisted and often depressing origin story. But the truth of the matter is is that a lot of the things that.

I enjoy now a lot of the advantages that. I have are the things. I've discovered or that were you know taught to me by the amazing mentors that. I've had.

I didn't. I came from a very dark place. I grew up in a very emotionally if not physically abusive household. I was.

I was the classic bullied kid. I was emotionally sensitive you know the other kid that always get to pick. Last for all the all the athletic games guys bigger around you just all that was me you know and and early on. I can't remember the exact age that it happened.

But there was something in me that just kind of said you know what. I've got to find a way to fix this. I've got to find a way to fix me and and. So.

I just became ravenous in in my desire to acquire more personal power to become more of the person that. I wanted to be rather than the person that nature and society and genetics conspired to make me and. So. I just started reading book.

After book. Going a course after course and and finding a little gold nugget here and a little gold nugget there and every now and. Then. I would.

I would find one of those radioactive gold nuggets and that big mound of poop and the lights would come on and and my life would change and over the over the year. I've made it kind of my mission to kind of sort through all the poop that's out there and find those little radioactive golden nuggets and put them in my little bag and just kind of hold on to them and every now and. Then. I take them out and.

I'd look. At him and yes. I'm using a metaphor and. I'd find out that these that these radioactive gold nuggets that that.

I found were actually more like. Legos that you'd put them together in different configurations and in different ways and when you did it in certain ways the result that you got was greater than the sum of the parts even though each piece by itself was like nuclear and its ability to create an effect when you stack them together in the right. Way literal magic would happen and. So when.

I see when. I when. I see somebody take those pieces whether they get them directly from me or one of my students and. I see the lights come on.

I see the shift in them and and they can't go back to being that old person that that inspires me that make metastatic. States both gratifying and humbling work at the same time because it's like there are things and you'll hear me say this if you don't watch any of my videos you'll hear me say this. I look. At somebody who comes in with like 20 years of chronic pain they'll take they'll pull it out the point to it take it out spin it put it back in twenty years of pain goes away and doesn't come back and.

I just don't go that [ __ ] should work you know that just shouldn't work. But when you do things in the right. Way the neurology literally unlocks and you can be powerful changed and once people have that epiphany we call it seeing the matrix you know they become voracious to tap into you know who they can really be and to me that that's the empowering part. So part of it is to eliminate as much suffering as humanly possible.

But at the same time to show people what's possible the magic inherent in their own neurology. Wow okay. That's awesome and. I really really resonated and.

I loved your analogies with the radioactive gold nuggets in the paper. I am. I really resonate with that because. I tend to call myself a bit of the human guinea pig of personal development which is what you're kind of articulating them a lot more times trying to fix myself and.

I can count absolutely and. Then and. Then not only being able to help and transform yourself you know and. Then being able to share what's being valuable with you with for you with others and have those aha moments those epiphanies those wakings up to the matrix is awesome.

So. I loved what you said in terms of you know your work is predominantly focused on eliminating suffering and it really leads me into the. Next question because with this pandemic sweeping the globe right. Now and you know a lot of people are ending in suffering and you know there's a lot to think that in this realm you know you know.

I you know. I think like being real getting into realism. But you know. I also.

I wonder if you could share with us you know what is your perspective through your multitude of amazing lenses you know the work that you're doing your expertise how are you viewing this pandemic and what are you what are you saying what's happening well it's. I'm seeing lots of things on a lot of different levels on one level it's it's it's an excellent study in mass influence in other words you know how these different groups are conspiring to create fear panic to to get the masses to believe a certain thing or behave a certain way and of course you have the counter manipulation where it's all a hoax and a conspiracy. So it's interesting from a social influencer perspective how all these different facts are kind of buffeting people who don't understand the forces that are being applied to them and tapping into their fair responses and their amygdala on their emotional brain and just overriding their their ability for rational thoughts or analytical thinking. So that's one on another level you're seeing just how far people will be pushed before they push back you know human beings where fear freedom oriented people we're very we tend to be very fearful because we're hardwired for it.

But we're also very very freedom oriented and we get no. Matter how fearsome the the enemy is you know whether you believe kovat is just a cold or it's like the. Next level it's the. Next bubonic it's the bubonic plague of the 21st century it's the fear that's more damaging to us than anything else.

But no. Matter how fearful the enemy human beings will only only back up or the only shrinks. So far before they dig their feet their dig their heels in the sand and they say no. More and they start to push back and they get what we call reacting and they see now you see people walking up and down defying.

Authority why because their freedoms have been encroached on in whatever way that that they feel it is whether it's because of the you know the laws permitting hairdressers from actually cutting hair which says. I don't know if that's happening down where you are. But up here they're passing laws and threatening to put hair stylists in jail for cutting hair on people's -. But.

I think also what you see is there's two sides to everything and while there's a tremendous amount of limitations that have been imposed on us these these isolated these moments of isolation are also giving us opportunities they're giving us opportunities to connect and rebuild our families and the family structures that we've lost largely over the. Last several decades because we're being forced now to actually deal with our kids you know not just send them off to school or daycare or soccer camp or you know piano. Lesson you know where they have like 27 activities you know we're also getting to see you know. So.

I think there's opportunities there. But it's also an opportunity for us to learn how to deal with the fear that we're creating realizing that the information we don't a lot of control that's that scares you. Minh beings because we labor under the belief that we have control of everything and we don't the only thing that we truly have control over is ourselves not the things that happen to us. But how we relate and think about the things that we encounter and depending on on how we decide to think about them how we decide to find them in our minds determines whether we view something as an opportunity death sentence or just an inconvenience or all points in between.

So. I think you know when you ask the question what. I think about what's going on it really depends on what level that we're asking about. I think you know as a student of human influence and.

I study again. I have actually everything from advanced marketing to you know conversational hypnosis. NLP and all these other different modes of influence to me it's a fascinating study our mountain study of how these different factions are vying for the most powerful and most important real estate that's out there which is the human minds job my job is to just help people become more aware at whatever level they need to become more aware at. So they have more choice all the other agencies out there are trying to remove your choice by usurping your emotions and causing you to you know respond from your reptile brain interesting and.

I love this. I love that. I love your perspective like looking at it from a societal influential level um and what is your perspective. I don't know if this is happening for you guys in the states that here in.

Australia they've created an app that we're supposed to you know download and and. Then it'll tell us if we come into proximity with you know somebody who has contracted covered maintain or or whatever do you guys have have have you got hopefully. I'll be honest. I am personally not aware of it.

But. I got to tell you. I. I didn't even.

I didn't even know. I had. I didn't know. I had followers on.

Instagram until two days ago yeah. I am. NOT. I mean there's really only two or three platforms that.

I engage in. I'm on. YouTube. I'm on.

Facebook. And zoom really are its is very very new to me. So. I asked me to do an.

Instagram thing let's go [ __ ] well. I have to do how do how do. I do that alright. And here we are on.

Zoom. Anyway because. David's able to technical dunce and doesn't understand how to do it. But um.

But if there's an app. I am not aware of it that doesn't mean that there wasn't there doesn't want the apps are very easy to create nowadays. Mike my biggest where do they get the database of people you know that are verified as having it and and how does that affect privacy. So.

I don't know. I mean. I. I would say somebody somewhere has probably done it in some way.

But. I've never seen you know for us it's a government thing. So the government has created an app and. So they've got obviously all of the information and and.

Then you know. I think. Australia is not we're very similar to. America.

But we're not as connected to our sense of freedom as the. American population like my perception is. So yeah it was just an interesting question because. I know.

Mike mind kind of radar went up and. I'm like. I don't know that. I don't know that that would sit well with the.

American people okay. Probably one out there that yeah it may have restricted use. I could be wrong. I bet after people watch this video they're gonna go searching for it all over the place and if you haven't been created yet somebody will do it.

But. But yeah. I don't again there's a lot of people who are you know the conspiracy theorists abound and you know there's enough weird you know weird coincidences going on that you know there could be some some small grain of truth to it. But.

I don't. I don't. I don't buy into conspiracy theories. I just look.

At interesting patterns yeah you know somebody heard that there's an app and they don't go off the deep end with it yeah absolutely absolutely okay. Cool. So. So.

I love what you just shared and what you shared was actually super empowering for people to know that you know it's not about the external world and what's going on as much as it is about your own fear and over you know and knowing that that's the only thing you can control is you know what you're going to make things mean and and what you're creating that internal what your perception is of the event. So and. I'd love for you to share with people how they can really get clear on that and maybe apply it to their lives. So that they can get clear on you know am.

I in fear and how could. I prevent that like what could. I do personally to make sure that you know. I'm in control of the very thing that.

I can be in control of and for not create making it worse making the situation worse than it already is okay. Well. First and foremost we all need a reality check from time to time you know. But one of the things that happens is human beings tend to catastrophize especially when they're already in a fear mode now in someone like some of my courses and some of my youtube videos.

I talk about a phenomenon known as the emotional refractory period emotional fracture trait is a term that was coined by the great dr. Paul. Ekman in his book. Emotions revealed and the behavior that the emotional refractory period engages in is that whenever whatever a psycho emotional state you're in at any given moment whether you're happy whether you're tense whether you're relaxed whether you're joyful ecstatic whatever whatever happens your body likes to stay in whatever state it's at it likes to stay there and.

So what happens is when you shift into an emotional state. So let's say you're normal you're neutral and. Then you go into an intense state of joy okay. What happens is your body wants to stay - they want that it wants that to be the new normal and.

So your neurology does something really interesting it shifts what you pay attention to. So. I don't know. I don't know if.

I can share this ability. But let's say for a moment that you're in a room and in that room there's ten units of information ten thing ten pieces of data that you could pay attention to to are inherently positive and eight aren't errantly negative the emotional refractory period controls what you orient on. First. So in other words if.

I walk into that room and. I'm in a joyful state and there's two positive pieces of information and eight negative. I will orient on the positive pieces. First even though they're in the minority it's an emotional refractory period that you're in changes your perceptual filter in such a way that you only pay attention to what reinforces or re triggers the state.

So if we understand that piece the. First thing we have to do when we encounter any situation or circumstances we have to check ourselves we have to say what state am. I currently in right. And if we're if we already diagnosed that we're an inherently negative state we got to break that state.

First and one most the fastest easiest most bullet proof way to change your psycho emotional state anywhere anytime for any reason is to change your posture and your breathing. Amy. Cuddy did some amazing work. I think it was a.

Stanford or. Harvard. I can't remember and we talked about power pose. I talked about these power poses all the time where if you stand this way for a little as two minutes in many cases not only will your state change with your blood chemistry will - not all the time.

But many times enough true enough to be a phenomenon now for every psycho-emotional state that you have there is a corresponding physiology and breathing pattern that enables it. So one of the drills that. I do with my students many times is. I'll have them stand up and remember a time in their life when they felt when they when they saw something they wanted they decided they were going to get it no.

Matter what it made a plan they put that plan into action and they went for it and they nailed it home run and. I have them relived that moment of triumph that moment of victory and. I have them stand the way they were standing in that moment and breathe the way they were breathing in that moment. Then.

I have them summon up all of their willpower and while keeping their physiology exactly the same their breathing patterns exactly the same. I have them consciously try to feel bad and they can't do it because the physiology controls the psychology in unless you are. Special. Forces trained you know soldier a high level high performance athlete a very adept yogi somebody who can gauged in a lot of these mind-body practices function well we're taught the mind controls the body and that's true to be true functionally amongst the average human being it's the physiology that dominates okay.

You can look. You can research. ROI. Baumeister's willpower depletion theory to see how that's how that works out.

But the bottom line is the most bulletproof fastest way to change your emotional state and as a consequence change your thinking used to change your posture and your breathing. So when you find yourself in these depressed or fearful or contracted postures if you're self-aware enough to physically read your feet and take up more space within two minutes your state will move you will move from a nervous anxious depressed state to a confident calm stable certain state from that state you are much better able to access your cognitive resources and you can process the information in your environment differently okay. So when we realize and we find ourself and sometimes they sit sneaks up on us. So sometimes something will happen and it will have this panic response and the moment we feel that panic response in that little voice they're like a little hamster on a treadmill starts to wind up and give us all that negative dialogue the fastest way to change it is to change your posture change your breathing and that if you can hold it for as little as two minutes at will-call that will even things out as long as you remember not to break that because that's where you have to have a little bit of willpower is you have to have enough self-awareness to hold the state even though your body wants to change once you do that now you can bring all of the cognitive resources you have to bear your analytical ability your reasoning ability your imagination is now back under your control instead of taking over now you can start to analyze or use other types of interventions that your state wouldn't have let you do before.

Ostrom breathing is where everything starts. So when you find yourself in fear change your posture change your breathing. So awesome and. I think that everybody can benefit from that you know in this lockdown you know or whatever is happening in your neck of the woods exactly you know to the arbiter just notice hey.

I'm in fear right. Now feeling good and. Then just to even just notice how in that position like at that point and just notice what your physiology is like at that point and. Then be able to change it and yeah you mentioned um.

Amy. Cuddy did some. Amy did that science research we've been teaching work with poses and posture since 2004 yeah well we teaching it to our students as far as an influence tool. But it starts with self influence and we and when we can we teach this in our group we also teach the inverse of we have them take on a negative posture and try to feel good and they can't do it.

So and. So one of the things that that we found is that the ability to take conscious control of this by consciously just managing your physiology not trying to will yourself to be happy or a more calm. But to go into a physiology a body state of calmness it will both right. Whatever fear responses are in no.

Matter how strong they are it will it would put a dead stop to it and. So this is why we always teach physiology based in control. First and. Then we teach them how once you've done that now we'll show you how to change the structure like an.

NLP or move it out of the body and work with it in different ways because. I'm when your system gets overwritten like that you'd usually lose the capacity to think it's a thing and to integrate things. So the. First thing that has to happen is we have to get our body back once we get our body back our neurology follows awesome awesome and and yet brings up another question and in terms of like emotion.

So and my own personal experience you know when. I entered personal development it was very much very much like okay. No. Just choose your emotional state just if you're not feeling good just change it change it like and yes.

You can use the physiology and and whatnot. But at this point where. I'm at right. Now um.

I've actually had to go kind of almost the other way and go what are these emotions like. I bring them out and actually feel through them more and. So. I wonder your perspective because my coach.

I'm one of my coaches that. I'm using right. Now and he he doesn't really like the. NLP model and.

CI he hasn't studied an. LP. I personally have and. I'm a bit like you in terms of.

I can see how they all fit together it's not necessarily about having one or the other and and. So my question for you is very much around because a lot of people who haven't you don't know the work of. NLP. But they just have a perception of it they think it's about neglecting your true emotional experience and just changing it.

But it's actually just stuffing the emotion down and you know can come out in a very unconscious way. So my question to you is what is what would you say to those people and and how does feeling through your actual true emotional state come into play versus you know just change your physiology change your state of being and how does that kind of integrate well. First of all. I've been as well-known as.

I am in the. NLP fields. I've also been very critical at times classical. ILP and it's.

Then its reliance on dissociation you know the problem that we have many times is it and. I take a very vibrational. Cola graphic approach to my. NLP thought of a calling of vibrational.

NLP a holographic in your linguistics. But there's two languages that you're dealing with in the body you've got the language of the body itself and. Then human language and the feelings are part of the language of the body okay. Mm-hmm.

So and and there's a vak coding system of visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory coding system that also forms the building block of our spoken language is also directly analogous to the code that runs the rest of the system and. So in a mindfulness approach which is what you're talking about basically where you're here you feel this feeling and you just kind of go into it you just sit with it and you and you and you go deeper into it that's a very powerful and very very good approach and from as many insights and there's nothing wrong with that works tremendously well. I teach variations of it because it's useful one of the things you can tell when you attribute was a programmer all they care about is does it work yeah you know that's that that you know someone is espousing the doctrine of. NLP.

I've run the other way because a true neural and was the programmers looks at something does it work how does it work how do. I teach you to do it how do. I do it and how do we do it faster right. Now.

But. But you know. But sometimes being mindful isn't practical okay. You know when you know when the you know when your car gets run off the road your child is in the backseat you got to get him out being mindful with you're probably not going to be the best best result you know changing your posture changing your breathing gets you out of that paralysis and gets you into action.

So it really depends on context what we do is an integrative approach we want to start even when we're dealing with emotions that like alchemical work where we're clearing [ __ ] for lack of a better word [ __ ] being a technical term especially. But. Anyway yeah this weakness it's everything starts with the body state control starts with the body emotional cleansing or emotional transformation or transmutation starts with body as well the difference with with like a kind of month we do like. I call active mindfulness where we're not just sitting with it we're going into it and we're going to actually interact with the structure the substance and the story simultaneously and depending on where the larva lion's share the work needs to be done that's what we're going to do and it sounds complicated.

But it actually just goes down to point to where you feel it for every single emotional state that you have there's going to be a body location and. I can go in although you know the theory behind why that's true. But if you think of your body like a big cloud server or a hard drive where you have an experience. Then code and.

Then it's like a cloud server just uploaded to the cloud that is your body and your neurology you got pieces all over the place. But when you encounter a situation or a circumstance that hasn't even remotely similar to something you've encoded or are stored previously the call goes out to all those areas and it reconstructs those feelings. So you have an idea what to do about it or what you did before right. There's competing theories on on how and why that works both support what we do they don't negate them in any way.

But it's always gonna be a body feeling even somebody who's dissociate someone who has like this laser identity disorder many times when you have them point to where they feel it they'll point. But they'll point outside the body and as you as you clearly spend you clear the traumas their their association will start to change though they'll start to reintegrate into the body. So one of the things that you can do is point to where you feel it we call that a somatic address. Next thing you do is you look.

At it with your inner eyes. It's kind of a mindfulness thing and. Then you ask yourself if there were a color connected to that feeling what color would it be there's always going to be a color unconscious mind oh and and there's six dynamics when you're doing this kind of work that you need to you need to slavishly pay attention to if you want to do really good self work in a really quick way the unconscious mind always answers. First largest largest component of your unconscious mind is your body and that's something a lot of classically trained into just forget because this is what the average the average hypnosis client in the chair looks something like this right.

And we're talking to the subconscious mind. But we're leaving the biggest piece of the subconscious mind intact the physical body itself. So when you get that piece back into the process you can resolve very deep very intense emotions very very quickly and what often happens as a byproduct of that intervention is you get a spontaneous epiphany a spontaneous perspective ship just like you wouldn't on mindfulness type of interaction where you're just doing deep into it and you're sitting with those feelings and all sudden it clears and you have this sudden insight anytime automatically you'll get those insights you'll have that perspective ship that lets you know it's completely cleared and you'll get and you'll see that you'll get epiphanies you didn't know you were there. But there's buried in the emotion.

But you point to where you feel it you turn it into a color and. Then depending on on your level of skill set you can ask your nervous system if your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system do exactly where this started how it started when it started and cuz. Then you a feeling of how a vibration that would completely dissolve that away what color would it send me. First answer imagine a big ball of it above your head breathe it through the effective area and a large percentage of the time it'll go away at the time it'll go to the city area that you're working on is this big you breathe that that color through the area it drops to this that means you hit another shell that's a different issue and.

So a lot of times we call this the. Russian doll effect where you can just literally color breathe until it just goes away completely another thing that can happen is what we call body mapping where you do the same process this is a very simple process it can be done in seconds and deal with my five-year-old and everything okay. It works perfect works great with adults too as long as you can get them to follow the process it's a mechanical process they don't have to believe it they just got to do it. So what happens.

I say. I have something here and. I breathe a color through it and it goes away now all of a sudden. I'll get something here sort of go one two and.

I'll clear that and. Then it'll go here and. Then it'll go here and it's just kind of spider webbing all over my body we call that body mapping and it's pretty much the same way it's pretty much the same concept as the. Russian doll of that is there's there's they're different.

But related issues that the unconscious mind the neurology had put together based on something they have in common right. These are simple very content free interventions that anybody can do and all they have to do is get their posture back at their state under control points where they feel it and ask what color it is your unconscious mind will give you the response it has to the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it's always gonna feel like you're making it up there it's always gonna feel like you're making it up you're always gonna have an urge to edit which just came up yeah we're gonna be loud it's always gonna be soft or quiet like a whim or an ocean in the back of your mind and it's almost ever gonna be linear if you got if you start doing deeper level alchemical work like regression or timeline and you go back to the very. First scene or situation or event that is the source and beginning the root cause many times people come in they have an expectation well.

I've been afraid play since. I was fifteen. So. I must go.

I'm gonna go back to that time on the ladder who knows if. Y all of a sudden they're three years old at the top of the staircase right. And like what right. That's why you as an operator whether you're you're doing this on yourself or you're doing with a client if you teach them these six that these six principles before you any intervention they're dramatically more successful than if you try to explain it afterwards a lot of times and people using hypnosis or.

NLP already involves trance for lack of a better word they're going and thinking that going into a trance means they become a vegetable like their. Nestle is they're drunk they're gonna be asleep they're not gonna be aware of anything and. Then when the experience doesn't match what their expectation is they invalidate it in some way. But if you tell them these principles prior to any intervention everything they encounter reinforces that they're doing it right.

And that they're getting effect they're supposed to get it doesn't sound like a big deal. But when you're dealing with clients who are you know high on the neurotic end and again most of us right. Now are higher on the neurotic end than normal because of everything that's going on we tend to have a little bit more self-doubt we don't we think we know that you know. So these things help us to go through the change process better these are very simple processes that you can use they're they're kind of like in the moment.

But they do have a mindfulness component to them in that. I'm finding the somatic address. I'm going into it and. I'm paying attention to it just like.

I would in in adjust of mindfulness tech notation. MBSR or. CBM. SR with kind of much base there's a lot of them out there now.

But now we're going into the structure of it we're taking the feeling and turning it into a color which activates different cortex of the brain yeah the moment you access a different cortex of the brain you've taken the same data and changed it in such a way that now more you actually gain more access and more brain real estate. Marshall towards the solution of the problem the more you get the physical body engaged like when we do them you've seen our spinning techniques for example we point you feel it take notice the color of reach in take it out you get that physical body engaged now now you've got all of the cortex of the brain the external sector is the intercept there's not secession the. Canon reception by visual cortex the visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory guster the brains lighting up like a. Christmas tree and the more you get that body engaged the more the brain lights up in alignment towards a common goal and.

So a people that spin something and it just goes away it's because. I the lion's share of the neurological resources that we have have been organized and communicated with that every part knows what to do that's why the things happen the change work can be fast and it can be very pervasive and permanent because all of you is doing something rather than just a tiny piece you ever notice that the more conversational hypnosis that's involved the longer the stuff takes yeah our body work a regular eight. Reiki or. I got more energy credentials in the balance of handlers yeah my biggest.

I do energy medicine for a living my biggest criticism is that they don't address the full spectrum of a human being they don't they dress the physical body to some extent they addressed the energy body. But they don't address the mental body. So we need an integrative approach we need to get the mind the imagination the body and the breath all working together and when you pointed at something now you get a hold is greater than the sum of the parts. But probably a lot more than you were asking for.

But. I hope. I hope it's helpful oh my god. So good.

I'm just like taking copious notes. I've got pages going on here. I'm trying to throw them out like. So no.

So good and yeah that really resonates with me to have more of an integrative approach because it's almost like there can be these different societies or different communities of you know great tools and techniques and strategies. But um. But yeah it's really important to go in and take what's really valuable and integrator into a system that actually works and it's not leaving anything left undone. So the point is.

I'm really competitive. I wanna have the best up on the planet. So if you've got something works faster and better than mine. I'm gonna be at your seminar.

Next yeah because. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not you know.

I'm not about doctrine on. Dogma or or you know the doctrine of. NLP the doctrine of mindfulness. I care about is that it works and it works better than what's gone before because that's all that's all your clients care about at the end of the day when we go to a professional for whatever reason all we care about is that we walk out of their office better than when we went in and with very few exceptions do they care how we got to change understand care kind of if they had you close your eyes.

Saying the star-spangled banner back when we have a dead chicken over their head as long as they got out of the chair better than they got in it yeah unless you're a die-hard vegan or analyst right. But my point is is that focus on what works test everything see what works good work best for you remember that not every tool works as well on everybody and have and when you when you start working with enough people patterns will start to emerge you'll start to see things from a very different perspective what you can look. At the world that was one of the biggest things that noe taught me to do was to look. At the world in terms of pattern process instruction rather than content contents important don't get me wrong which is something that is a direct the writ deviation from the.

LT doctor they say there's no. Content and content worth knowing or [ __ ] sometimes that that movie is really important and. So there's a lot of things that. NLP brought to the table.

But there's a lot of things that didn't look. At either and. So you know we need to keep we need to keep researching and finding better ways to absolutely like this is just yeah. I'm really enjoying this conversation and hearing what you're talking about here because it yeah resonates with how.

I live my life and. I love learning from a diverse range of different people to see what's working for other people and how it integrates like you say. So totally. So what.

I heard you say the people at home and they're like oh okay. So. I you know. I might and that.

I might point to the part of the body where. I'm feeling what. I'm feeling right. Now name it a color all that sort of stuff and you know and.

Then where did this come from where was the. First time. So what. I'm hearing from what you said was by doing that people are actually going to be able to ink coorporate all these different parts of themselves which bring in different angles of intelligence and point it directly to the challenge or the problem at hand.

So that you've got all of you working towards a solution okay. As opposed to a lot of us who just feel the fear and. Then we're like. I never want to feel that like.

I'm just gonna focus on this thing over here or avoid that and. So it's. So it's a it's a ticket out of it's like the ticket to freedom or liberation by actually putting all of your consciousness toward it it gives you tools and it gives you an understanding that no. Matter what you're feeling inside you have the power to take control of it you have the power to change it it's just nobody showed you how it all comes together.

I'm you know you have massage you have acupuncture you have. Reiki pranic healing you have. Bengston you have matrix you have yoga you know all these different systems and each of them is a specialty and does one thing really really well and it can work. But when you integrate these things in a certain way a way that brings all the systems of your system together you get a hole in.

Trader than the sum of the parts and if. I take credit for the synthesis not the source all everything. I learned everything. I do i learned from somewhere yeah.

I had great teachers. I was very very fortunate to have people who could show me some really cool [ __ ] and was given lots of opportunities to have to use it you know whether by deliberate intention or because. I was just. I was in that situation or circumstance there was nobody else who could do the work and everybody was looking at me.

I was the person that needed to do the work and have the work done on them at the same time. So you know life experiences are worldly teach us far more than any any course. I could put out. But we have to look.

At the world from the eyes. Of what does this situation have to teach me what can. I learn from this just taking that perspective is that oh my god this is being imposed on me yeah how else can. I think about this how else can.

I look. At this and. Then and just the act of doing that gives you choices it gives you back your autonomy it gives you back your frayed because now you realize you're not stuck this way you can think about it this way or this way or this way or this way and of course you see things you didn't see before you hear things or become aware of things you didn't see before. But again not sure we want to bring all of you to bear on one thing and now let's get.

Godzilla vs. bamboo and. Bambi's the problem let's flip in the cons a little bit yeah like it oh yeah definitely that's cool and and uh and. I also what you said before which i think is really important for people at home is um you don't have to believe it oh yeah it's um again its mechanic if you just do the process and you just elect to be as absorbed as you're willing to be allowed in that process you're going to get some degree of change and. Then from there you just do it again yeah that's them yeah.

But some people go from like you know a 99.9 trauma level to zero in one pass some people go from nine point nine to eight point seven to six point five and some people don't happy. I've seen it just be relentless and be looking for be curious. But change their state curves the moment you change your state you get your power back state is by changing your posture you agree. I love that and.

I want to also just touch upon just to give maybe a bit of a bit of history or example like what's been one of the biggest challenges that you know you've personally had to overcome because. I know you mentioned like yeah you you use these processes what's been one of the biggest ones that you've transcended or how have you put it um overcome will move through a broken through and yes. Question. I think the the biggest one.

I think. Amin was overcoming the the really really visceral deep feelings of betrayal that. I experienced early on in in my life in my late teens early 20s. I went through a really really dark period where everything.

I thought was true about myself the world the people in it turned out to be completely false completely smoke and mirrors and it it decimated it really decimated who. I thought. I was where. I thought.

I was going what. I thought. I believed in the people. I thought.

I could count on and it took. Me decades of work to to realize a that. I had to go through those things on one level. I had to go didn't stop me from being pissed off about it right.

Because it's not it's here's the thing that most people think of forget when they go through these moments of insight just cringing papist normally you have this epiphany that you had to go through that that what you learned from that couldn't have happened any other way doesn't always make the anger go away you've got to clean that [ __ ] up and. So and. So while. I still look.

Back on those times that the person. I was and the people who betrayed my trust and broke my heart and all those things. I still. I felt you know you know.

I learned a lot. I learned a huge huge amount. I'm still learning when. I go back and revisit those experiences.

But learning how to remove those feelings reason behind those because the energy of those feelings from my body and transmute them into something else that was probably the single biggest challenge. I've ever faced because. I'm one of those people. I don't know if you know anything about handwriting analysis.

But people have very heavy very like when you when they when they write their name like if you feel the back of the paper's like they wrote in. Braille you can feel the bumps on very heavy writers. I have writing up with scar desks. I hold on.

I'm the conference called on the ship forever forever and and. So for me to find things to find very powerful very strategic tactical ways to go back release those things we re experience them from a different perspective extract lessons from them to reek to remove them from my mind remove them from my body has been my life's work and the biggest one that goes hand and held that was what she talked about her that was fear. I was the poster child for. I was afraid of everything.

I was afraid to go out of my house for three years and everywhere. I looked. I saw enemies everywhere. I looked.

I saw people who. I thought were out to hurt me in some way you know and and it took. Me decades of of self work and introspection it was part of my journey to become or personally powerful within myself and as a result of that suddenly. I'm helping all these other people who are going through the exact same things.

I went through in their way and. Then. I discovered and the things. I did for me now.

I'm very upfront. I didn't develop any of this stuff or any of you people all right. Yeah. I.

I developed it for me because. I was in pain. I was suffering. I.

I had a life that. I just. I said this is good no. I just said no.

And. I just was determined to find whatever. I could to to make that change and we need to be relentless in that respect you know many times in our life where we run up against obstacles and even when we think we have an answer maybe something that kind of gets in our way we need to decide to go over around through whatever we need that relentlessness tour relentlessness is the ultimate survival trait. I mean you got those two you're gonna win no.

Matter what. But the bottom line is is that getting over that sense of betrayal that hurt and and the fear of constantly being betrayed or stabbed in the back or or junk those are the two biggest things for me and they were the very much the driving forces it for me and. I think the courses that we've created we've taken those experiences and people with similar experience and what. I've learned from them and.

I've given people with toolset that they can go out and they can read people and they can begin to understand personality and motivations and they can understand social dynamics in a way that we didn't have the opportunity to learn to understand and making the life they want. So for me though that fear in the trail. I think they're probably the two biggest ones mm well. I'm really grateful.

I asked you that question because. I think that's gonna really resonate with a lot of people do you have those experiences those challenges and. I for one am grateful for your challenges because you do you have created amazing work in this world and you can you to do. So and.

I just really want to acknowledge you for the human being that you are for the work that you do for the challenges that you've had in overcome and for everything that you've you know gone out into the world and learn about in such a diverse range and brought it all together into this synergy and it's allowed to you know benefit other people and like we spoke about at the beginning really have that ripple effect you know over the people that you're helping. So thank you. So much for that it's my honor mm-hmm absolutely and thank you. So much for your time and you know it's been such an honor to get to.

Finally meet you and. I've been following a lot of your work you know like. I said over the past year or. So.

So very very grateful and. I wondered if you could share with everybody where they could best find more about you and the work that you're doing and any recommendations that you have for them to begin on this journey of um you know self self employees yeah obviously you have an amazing amazing podcast channel and on. Instagram and. I'm sure that's where this will be.

So definitely you have you have access to some really high level thinkers you know thought leaders and things like that. So obviously you have some great insights there for those who want more to find out more about what we do here at. NLP power you can check out our. YouTube channel.

David. Schneider. NLP at. YouTube you can also go to.

NLP power com wwlp.com and we have an events page of upcoming events which are now all virtual until these quarantines go away. But we haven't cancelled any events we wrote and we're doing them all on zoom' people are loving it there's. So much rather be in the room with me. But they're amazed at what we're able to do through the zoom interface and.

So as from. Oracle it actually asked for more classes to be done to him. So that's another way the kingdom if you have any questions about where to go because if you go to our. NLP power website you're gonna see a huge amount of product everything for people who are new therapists people want to be more influential who people just want to fix themselves and sometimes it can be a little daunting if you give us a call at eight five eight two eight two four six six three that's eight five eight two eight two four six six three my my administrative goddess.

Stephanie will happily give you our recommendations we're getting you from where you are to where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible hmm awesome thank you. So much. David it's been an absolute pleasure and. I'll have this interview out to everybody across the platforms with all those links.

So that they can definitely make the most of the amazing work that you're doing and again just want to thank you for your time and look. Forward to everything that you're doing and please you know if there's anything that. I can personally be doing to support you and your amazing work always up for helping and supporting in any way. I can excellent thank you.

So much. Vanessa it's been a pleasure yes. And welcome thanks. David.
