Title: Mind Control Skills - Hidden Secrets for Nuclear Powered Hypnotic Language
File Name: 56NOdvrH2s8.txt
Video Id: 56NOdvrH2s8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56NOdvrH2s8

Patterns with a little bit of teaser on adverb adjective presuppositions all right. Next we're going to go into our full treatment of the adverb presuppositions as well as how to tactically use it. So remember adverbs describe verbs adjectives describe nouns beyond that you don't need to know anything that's all the grammar we're going to cover because this is not your mama's grammar this is. H grammar.

So in. Classical. Languages most languages the grammatically correct way to use descriptors is subject or action descriptor. So we in classic all proper written spoken.

Pros whatever you want to talk about the most common way to do this the most accepted way to do this is to put the descriptor behind the things it describes you will never do that again you will do it deliberately wrong it's not really wrong. But in terms to have the maximum hypnotic power you must put that descriptor before the action or before the subject. So always. So instead of saying the hamburger that was juicy you say the juicy hamburger see how it see it see how your experience changes it's the same subject same same descriptor syntax order and sequence by which you do this everything that follows the descriptor the neurolog for a.

First of all is forced to be accepted as true and acted upon as true by the nervous system it's presupposed the. Juicy. Hamburger what does that presuppose juicy it's juicy what else you're going to have a hamburger there's a hamburger what else is it presuppose you're going to have it you're going to have you're going to bite into it. DET in some way determine it's juicy right.

All those things are embedded in the. Deep level of the of sentence that never reach conscious awareness. But they're processed as literally true just in order for your neurology to make sense of it in other words for your conscious mind to contemplate what you was said it has to make it true. So you have something to contemplate you follow me okay.

So in language in speaking you can load this up ridiculously you can use four five six descriptors in front of the thing you're describing it's not as easy to do that to that degree in writing now. I'm going to hammer you in a minute because. I want you to feel what overloading your language is like okay. Because and.

I want you to actually do that for training purposes. I want you to go to the extreme. So that when you back it off there's a healthy uh s healthy proportion of solid descriptors in your language. So now you easily begin to fully understand the tremendous power with which these amazing language patterns can rapidly install themselves deep inside the levels of your mind you'll gradually or rapidly discover for yourself new ways that you can begin to use them as your regain be automatically begins the process of reorganizing itself in such a way that you can fully and completely riff this hypnotic language effortlessly on demand whenever you want or intuitively to get the results you want without even realizing you're getting them and as the awareness of that power seeps its way deeper and deeper into your neurology you'll rapidly realize that whether you wanted to do it or not is a relevant because.

I've already given your neurology instructions about what to do. So there's nothing left to do. But feel really good about it you could actually track that's amazing now remember what. I said recall what.

I said feel good. I'm going to be good at language. I'm going to be able to. Finally talk.

David said. So right. When. I was ripping did you feel a little bit of pressure build up behind your eyes.

A little bit maybe a little tension in that's what happens when you load it up and. Then when you back it off that pressure goes away and they go that's trans. So we're do in this case. I'm using deliberate cognitive overload and.

Then. I back it off and it feels normal. But in regular speaking just using easily naturally automatically that's fine right. So you can and notice even though.

I. I. I overloaded my language with like. Ro said you can actually track it you're not try you're not trying to analyze it it just feels too good to listen to you guys notice that is like you get just sucked into the you want to believe it.

I know it's cool right. It feels good to listen to it. So when you utilize this language you will generate absorption in the listener they will. Orient on you to the exclusion of everything else they may check out.

But it'll be they'll be basically bathing in your verbiage they'll be luxuriating in the string of instructions you're giving them cuz it feels good right. When you ask them to recall what you said they'll sum it up in some short message. But they'll they'll lose the verbiage entirely. So if they were.

NLP trying to metam model what you said game over you can't you can't metamodel this stuff fast enough to beat it okay. And for every one thing you catch 10 more went in unchallenged and if you want to make sure it goes in unchallenged you say and now and everything that was there is gone and it's they can't get it back right. So in speaking feel free to load it up. However you want to load it up when you write them and this is where it's going to be a little bit more.

Technical and when. I describe this process that. I use it kind of sounds like a sex position it's called two in the front and one in the back and what that means is whenever you create a sentence it's descriptor descriptor subject or action descriptor as you easily and naturally begin to automatically understand how to use two in the front and one in the back you can begin logically to understand that this structure quickly and easily begins to allow you to utilize powerful hypnotic language in a very compelling and naturally sounding way even in [Music] writing. Seth went out he's probably didn't food coma or something.

Seth actually. Seth spends a lot of his time asleep in the front of my. CL that's why you has to come to 52 classes which is funny cuz you he audio records every single one of them reminds me stories bandler used to tell back in the day when he would like rip hypnotic languages he has he has um customers from all over the world. So he has this big.

Asian contingent that comes in this big. South. American contingent they have these translator booths and one day he's just telling story after. Story and all of a sudden all the.

Japanese people and all the the. Colombian people they're going oh no. A translator gone. I love tormenting my transcriptionists because.

I'll send them copies of my inductions it'll be months before. I get it back every now and. Then they go. But.

I'm teasing. Anyway. So easily naturally begin to automatically right. Logically and intuitively for all the right.

Reasons see the truth behind what. I'm saying see the structure reads very very well it creates a very powerful very absorptive experience for the reader if you're going to write compelling copy whether it's fiction non-fiction sales and direct response whatever this is a very very good way to do it and nobody taught me this. I came to it kind of on my own. So it's descriptor descriptor subject or action descriptor.

So logically and intuitively as you recognize the power of this completely logically intuitively sub object object completely see how you can just plug it in does that make sense. Ross right. This will make writing things very very easy for you and everything that follows these descriptors is presupposed it diminishes cognitive cognitive analytical capacity it drops their seven plus or minus two down to 3 plus or minus two right. So not only does it feel good they're they they they both lose their desire and their ability to analyze it to find flaws in it okay.

And if they're emotionally invested in the in the act in the interaction as well [Music] done emotion is the key body feelings everything goes back to feelings once the feelings change what do they done what what's just happened on a mechanical level what do we just when we change their body feelings when we give them a body feeling what happens what me is and make sure that what mechanism do we get who's got the who's got the microphone he's asking us questions. I wasn't expecting this. I thought. I was going to show up go into trench take some notes go home you right.

So what you're saying is this will work to to uh interrupt them the emotional refractory period they're already in it right. Because we've given them body feelings haven't we yes. We've changed we we've activated their state through our body language through our state control through our state management three magic questions. EO technique and criteria values.

So we've given them body feelings we given them emotional feelings their emotional refractory creat is already 90% honed in on going where we want to go. Anyway. So say they're in a hostile or an argumentative emotional refractory period with you already and can you diffuse that with this language yeah well no. You diffuse it with your own state by aligning with what they're pissed at.

So you just switch it up on them basically as as you you agre with they're mad at and. Then. I get mad at okay. And.

Then they'll try to calm me down and. Then all of a sudden we're in vibrational alignment and now they'll they'll listen to whatever. I say and. Then you use the language pattern okay.

But can you see how you might not even need to yes. Because you've stacked the deck. So much that if you just let nature take its course they're probably going to take the action you want by default. But you can fine-tune it and make it even more powerful and more directive by leveraging your language okay.

All right. So let's write some sentences even though a lot of you have been doing this already let's make it explicit now okay. And remember what this pattern does it forces the recipients internal representations their visuals their auditories their kinesthetics their old factories their gustor to be exactly what you describe and because they're self-generating that content they don't resist it and automatically assume it's what you meant people do not resist themselves. I was talking to a group earlier every word in these in these categories especially the adverb adjective category is like a transparent container the word is the vessel the.

The. Listener fills in their own content if. I put orange juice in this container it would look. Orange if.

I put coffee in this container it would look. Brown or black if. I put water in it's going to be translucent. I put lemonade it might be yellow.

Yellow by peeing it it's going to be yellower right. The word itself doesn't change. But the listener puts their own interpretation into the container and they assume that's what you meant. So you can you can words like comfortable satisfying fulfilling sound very very specific.

But her version of satisfying may be different from. Ross's satisfying. But you'll both fill it in and assume that's what. I meant because you you you at the end of the day human beings do not resist themselves and everything that's that's following these uh these descriptors is presupposed the neurolog is going to act on it as if it's literally or figuratively true okay.

Super powerful and fun it's one of the easiest language patterns to. Riff on most of the words end in ly. So words in this category huh big bigly there we go uh where's my where did. I put my uh marker words in this category easily [Music] naturally automatically.

Unlimited [Music] simply or simple logical intuitive this have a page in the manual 61 thank you 60 and 6 okay. Those are just samples you can find lots and lots and lots of these inth thesaurus and you keep a quick keep a small list of them besides your phone or beside your beside your computer monitor when you're chatting or or. Skyping with people and just randomly rip them in there work them into your speech. You' be amazed how people just go okay.

That's literally what they do the head starts not they get a little bit of a blank. L go okay. Don't believe me just go do it okay. So go ahead and write some sentences and again.

I'm not going to spend quite as much time with this one because we've kind of been touching on it mult times throughout cause and effect complex equivalence and awareness. But now. I want you to really focus in [Music] on it's a really good idea to us the that's your computer. Then you get to use them all the time in practice just yeah that's a really good idea that's changing your environment make your environment more conducive to the work you want to do that's all yeah.

I put sticky notes out on her. So do that anyways. I bet your cleaning woman loves you yeah. I didn't think about put list yes.

Sir two descriptors. Then a subject or an action and. Then another descriptor descri quickly easily naturally automatically unlimited intuitive logicle the. Juicy.

Hamburger juicy is the descriptor hamburger is the subject okay. The two descriptores. Then. Then a descriptor behind the subject or the object logically and intuitively as you begin to understand how to create this pattern fast you'll rapidly discover all the interesting and wonderful ways that you can play with it it at the same [Music] time okay.

So just just pick a subject or an object right. Write down like the hamburger like the write down hamburger okay. And in front of it write the big juicy hamburger or just write big juicy and. Then behind it the big juicy hamburger um tasted good right.

Now take this same phrase hamburger tasted change the. Des scriptures and notice how your experience of that sentence changes every time you change the descript even though it's the same subject yeah just plug them in.
