Title: Super Surprise Webinar Encore Recap - Secrets of Human Influence
File Name: 5JZ05ygvDig.txt
Video Id: 5JZ05ygvDig
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JZ05ygvDig

Foreign welcome to uh my super surprise mystery. Meetup for. March 18th 2023 not sure how many of you are going to join me uh in the. Next few minutes um.

But. I did promise you that uh on. Wednesday when we were doing our secrets of human influence webinar that. I would in fact uh jump on after the.

Mastermind today and answer questions or go over some of the sticking points or some of the things that maybe we missed out on um at the. Last during during the webinar. So. I'm live streaming from my zoom.

Channel. So by all means um ask some questions and. I will happy to cover secrets of human influence uh azeri. Blackmore.

Al cumbrick oh my god dude you've changed my life. I love you that never gets old guys thank you. So much for your your support and for finding such value what we do. Sarah welcome.

Michael's here uh. V. McLeod hello n-w-l-i-z-33 hi. David welcome back all right.

So while. I'm on what are your biggest questions about human influence that's kind of what the topic of today's little uh live is for. So type in your biggest questions that you have about uh how to influence human beings to do what you want them to do what do you want them to do right. And.

I'll show you how to again. I'll show you the package that we talked about on. Wednesday give you a. Last chance to to kind of grab that for yourself if that's really what you want to do right.

Can an. NLP practitioner program someone in theory yeah 100 percent [Music]. I program people all the time it's kind of what. I people pay me to do.

So what else you got what are your questions talk to me hey. Justin welcome. So what is your biggest question. Now the secrets of human influence what do you want to know.

Jen rabbit says why are you. So cute. I practice a lot when. I'm alone.

I don't have many friends. So. I have to. I don't know my my return question will be.

Jen are you cute. But. I can't click on your link. So.

I can't tell. I'll assume you are. Jen says. I love just got here you asked her a question.

So. I asked a question hello. I love your content love your con. I'm glad you.

I love that you love my content it makes me happy right. Um azeri is asking how do you know the difference between trauma cause paranoia and when you're truly being manipulated functionally they don't they don't actually um they don't have a distinction okay. Perception is is projection right. So even if people aren't manipulating you if you have a a belief that people are.

Then anything you you experience will be processed that way um the. First step to determining if there's true manipulation or persecution going on is asking yourself could it mean something else right. Is there an agenda right. One of the problems that we have is you start to get into what we call re-blaming which is where we keep reframing the data until it matches the world view we want to have.

So a lot of times um if there's obvious you always look. For evidence. But look. For tangible evidence not subjective evidence okay.

But honestly if a person is perceiving manipulation it doesn't really matter what anybody else is saying they're going to operate from that perspective okay. Um art says. David. I am.

Ai and. I'm taking over the world okay. I think that's already happened. But what do.

I know azrae says that sucks yeah pity that person right. But remember just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they're not out to get you have. I studied. Sigmund.

Freud a little bit a little bit. I'm not a big fan not a big fan. I was more of a fan when he was actually using hypnosis than when he started uh belittling it. Justin.

Dean what's the quickest way to make people like you and do what you want starts with the echo technique and. Then tap into their. Criterion values and you link the things that are emotionally satisfying and fulfilling to the things you want them to do and keep echoing them and they will tend to do what you want them to do by default that's the that's the 30-second version what if. I never thought.

So before what evidence do you have to support it and when. I say evidence. I mean physical evidence things that you can hold in your hand that you can quantify right. Because we can we can mentally massage any data point and put any meaning we want to it anybody who studied my language pattern training knows how easy that is to do anybody who studied our our reframe.

Technologies knows it's extraordinarily easy to do. So you want to start looking for evidence physical verifiable fact-based holding your hand evidence that this is true which means sometimes you've got to resort to some pretty pretty blatant ways to prove it like recording conversations or um you know doing those things that might people might consider ethically on unsound right. S is saying wait. Exodus is asking how do.

I stay positive if. I'm dealing with a criminal case. I'm really scared. But.

I know. I'm not a bad person and. I've changed. So much in the past year well.

First of all staying positive means looking at the aspects of what's going on from a different perspective. So one of the ways that you can begin to do this is by doing a gratitude inventory in other words instead of focusing on all this that's wrong in your life start making a ridonculously detailed list of all the things that are right. That one's the. First and foremost change your posture change your breathing practice active reframing right.

And what do. I mean by that apply this to 14 reframe patterns that we cheat that we teach in uh. Renegade reframing to all of the data that's coming into your mind and find the way that actually gives you the greatest sense of um empowerment and choice right. These are the ways that you can begin to stay positive right.

I would. I would avoid the positive is not an easy word to work with. I would. I would reframe that to how can.

I be proactive and productive in other words how can. I take the stuff that's coming at me and maximize the benefits from it how can. I change it into something positive rather than how can. I just uh you know tell myself positive happy thoughts how can.

I use what's coming at me to make things better and. I think that's often when we talk about being positive we tend to think in terms of you know unicorns and rainbows rather than how can. I take what's being handed to me and transform it into something else or use it to my advantage and. I think being proactive often leads to a more positive mindset because you don't feel weakened you don't feel like you're at a loss by taking what you're given and doing what you can with it it gives us that sense of autonomy and a higher level of control will allow which allows us to be more positive okay.

So. I hope that helps. So. Christopher.

McKay is asking oh wait a minute. I'm um. But. I'm trying to use image cycling.

But man it's. So hard. I have. So much resistance against it it's hard okay.

If you have resistance to this you're doing something wrong okay. So you might want to start with looking at your sense of and levels of deservingness from the things that you want also remember that when you start image cycling whatever things are blocking you from becoming the person who can have it they're going to get provoked. So sometimes you just need to keep cycling and be and be willing to go through the upsets and the explosions and the permutations that force you to become the person who can have the things you're cycling for the. Bankston system and especially in terms of how it heals.

Illness. But also in terms of manifestation isn't the most. Gentle. Way of manifesting okay.

I've often heard uh the. Bankston. Energy. System compared to a jackhammer you know where.

Reiki is the feather pillow the loving touch. Reiki is the. Jackhammer and the tough love that just beats you into into. Health whether you want to or not right.

So understand that that can be very much a part of the manifestation process is you have to go through these tribulations and these cathartic or alchemical experiences. So that you become the person who can manifest those things okay. Um and. I'm saying that just because from experience um.

So. Christian. McKay says what are the keys to telling compelling stories looking forward to meeting you. Next week out at anybody's life there's a lot of keys to telling compelling.

Stories the two biggest ones are going to be identity identification principle and the transportation principle identification principle which we cover in cpi2 and neurological storytelling and metaphor creation that we talked about on. Wednesday's webinar is the idea that human beings are sorting for themselves when when we when we experience a story we're looking for the person most like us right. And the reason for that is is we want to step into that we call it thorndaking which is based on something called the. Thorndike principle and the.

Thorndike principle is when we read a story. We insert ourselves into the perspective and the experience of the person in the story the more like us that person is the more readily and rapidly we jump into the story right. So if you want people to really become be sucked into your story make the heroes of your story as much like the person hearing the story as humanly possible. Then you want to transport them into the story and that's a way to facilitate massive amounts of absorption in the process there's about there's six different characteristics that compelling stories have to have there it's a little too in-depth to go into on this webinar.

But uh when you get this the neuroscientific storytelling bonus in the webinar package that we talked about on. Wednesday um it's included in there you'll get it all right. And there's actually a checklist uh for that for that bonus it's a little quiz a little survey that you can you can deploy your story and. Then give this survey to the people you've deployed the story to and they can rate the transportability quotient of the story based on these 21.

Questions right. And that's how you maximize absorption into the story stories are really really powerful. I mean like they're also probably one of the deepest the deepest trainings we do because there's. So much involved.

But um when you can do story you can do anything and the reason. I say that is because story work is never directly perceived as an attempted influence that's the weird part is. I can tell you. I'm going to tell you this story to influence you and about halfway into the story you'll forget why.

I told why. I was telling you the story and you'll just get sucked into it it's really cool and that's just the beginning of what you can do with stories um. John johno. Says yo.

I made it. So azeri says mad looking into hypnosis um red violet 182 been doing presentation lately any tips for that context other than. State. Control dude.

I have lots and lots and lots of tips um if you can ask me a more precise question. I can give you a more precise answer okay. By the way if anybody's interested in grabbing that package. I'll extend the deadline for you guys all you got to do to grab yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and you'll get the whole secrets of human influence package which has all the products that.

I'm talking about in it plus it's like we took. An extra 500 off of it. So if you if you missed it on the webinar um this is another chance for you to go ahead and get that um. But if uh if red can give me a better a more precise question.

I can give you a better answer foreign. So. Azure is saying text things. I overhear body language okay.

Um the question. I have to ask. Azure if people are actually seeking to manipulate you or persecute you do they have a reason analyze your own behavior and determine if their behaviors are. Justified based on what's going on my experience is that people don't do things for no.

Reason there's always a reason whether they're conscious of it or not and sometimes our perspectives are somewhat one-sided if you're perceiving manipulation or gaslighting or whatever across context from population to population look. At what those things have in common and see where and see and start at that point my my teacher in kinesic interview and interrogation. Dr. Jenny.

Johnson used to say start with what you know and. Then what we know is always ourselves okay. Exodus says thank you. Dr.

Schneider you are welcome um. Christine says looking forward to the. AMA on. Monday yeah it's been it's a very busy week the.

AMA may actually be late. Because unless. I'm um unless. I'm mistaken.

Monday is the 20th and. I believe that's the. First day of identity by. Design let me just double check that one.

Second guys. I have trainings oh no. Okay. So yeah um.

First day is the 21st. So uh. Mastermind or the. AMA will be at 4.

P.M. So yeah we're good uh let's see here. V. McLeod how do you get someone to change their ways processes.

Etc self-harming anorexia when they are very reluctant to do exercises. V. I would start with the resistance removal formula and. Then from there tap into their.

Criterion values or why they want to change and. Then guide them through processes that allow them to change um good afternoon checking in from. North. Carolina hey.

Liam. Baki bissar by the way. I've kind of practiced how to read someone's face the one you showed us in the webinar that consists of heaven human. Earth okay.

And sometimes. I feel like the proportions of the face. I think many times they are and you'll often find that these people have a little bit of an indecisiveness to them because different parts of them are often when they line up and their decisions are fast. But when they're at odds they can they can become rather indecisive and stuck you're not doing it wrong at all it's a very common thing um.

Sarah. Vada. I can't even pronounce that how best to influence myself away from ingrained habits remember that all the habits that we have started as a way to get something they started as a way for us to either feel good or avoid pain or both. So the.

First thing is get to the root of what what the. Practical benefit of that habit is and find another way to satisfy it and. Then replace that habit with a different habit right. It's always oh it's almost always easier to replace one habit with another than to just stop a habit cold turkey right.

So substitution is often a good intermediate step. But regressing the cause finding out the positive intention behind the behavior is usually the best the best place to start because once that's satisfied. Then the reason to keep the behavior isn't there anymore and it's much easier to change a lot less resistance to it um how can you speak with me not publicly to do that you have to either join our our yearly coaching program or become a mega platinum or platinum program member uh people in the unlimited influence. Mastery coaching the mega.

Platinum lifetime coaching or 10-year coaching program uh and the. Platinum packages are the only customers now who can have direct personal suggestion sessions with me everybody else who comes in is going to be referred to my trained. Associates and my. Affiliates the people that.

I have personally trained and certified to be competent and qualified to do the work that we do okay. So those are the ways if you want to work with me personally that's how you do it okay. [Music] um. Eric ww do you recommend some kind of method acting to lock in the characteristics gathered yes.

100 percent. So what. Eric's referring to is an identity by. Design the the the the seventh stage of the identity by design process is called magic circle and this is where we take the qualities characteristics and attributes of people that we truly like and admire and we install them in ourselves method acting is a great way to layer on top of that even more identification.

So the answer to your question. Eric. I think is a resounding yes. 100 percent.

Christine says. Sarah use what okay. That's uh red violet is saying. I know you have referenced work working a group rather than a person.

I. I can't. Echo a whole group. So where do.

I start you start by finding the. Rapport leader you get rapport with them and again depending on the group dynamic now in killer influence and defense against the dark arts what we teach you is group. Rapport and group group um. I don't say manipulation.

But. But really group influence techniques and. So remember that one of the things that happens is when you're in a group of people everybody is moving towards entrainment okay. So the more things you can get the group doing in unison the more rapidly that group is going to fall into a mass report and they're not they're going to move from a bunch of individual organisms to one big single organism and if you have rapport with the report leader of that organism you become the report leader of the entire group right.

We have again a whole laundry list of techniques and tactics that we teach in killer influence. So when you grab your course they'll all be there right. But the biggest one is going to be uh gauging the energy of the group getting. Rapport elevating your status and synchronizing with the.

Rapport leader those are the those are the ones that you really want to do cross contextually okay. Thanks by the way you're welcome red. I know. I'm giving broad strokes.

But there's that the group influence presupposes you actually know how to do individual influence um and if you're not there yet. Then you need to focus on those things uh let's see here. Liam. First step in coming to see.

Dr. David live complete very good um. Liam says. I just wanted to share my success story with everyone using.

Dr. David's techniques. I went from a nine dollar an hour job to a 23 an hour job using the universal persuasion protocol. Echo technique and 3mq although my friend welcome keep going it's just the beginning you haven't even touched the surface of what this thing's capable of just keep using it hi.

Dr. David. Mr. Mastermind.

But. I'm happy to see you here thanks for everything you teach me you are welcome my pleasure. Lisa what's my favorite food today is uh meat meatballs from. Flippin.

Pizza along with chicken wings yesterday my favorite food was. Pizza lots and lots of pizza um most of the time my favorite food is actually steak usually a rib eye or um [Music] what else is what else rib eye and um porterhouse. I think is what it is. So.

I'm a beef boy you know what. I mean uh let's see here. Justin. Dean 3mq.

Echo technique and. Upp are wonderful yes. They are thank you for that congratulations. Liam uh get smart quick says hello.

Mr. David what is a good way to implant an idea besides embedded commands and weasel phrases saw someone asked this and got me thinking um in cpi2 which is neurological we call it. Weapons of. Mass instruction and this is our training on neurologically based a neuroscience based uh storytelling and metaphor in module module six of.

Storytelling and metaphor there is a module called ninja stories in the. Ninja stories module there are approximately at least 10 specific techniques or implanting ideas in people's heads and priming for behaviors only one of which by the way is embedded commands okay. So there are at least nine other ways to do it you can do it through semantic priming you can do it through behavioral priming you can do it for identification you can do it through. Transportation you can do it through quotes patterns you can do it through um.

IU shifts you can do it through invasive picture moving moving people's pictures around you can do it through um. Thorndike principle which is another aspect of. Storytelling um what else is there pattern weaving. So there's there's tons of ways that you can implant specific ideas or specific behaviors in a person's mind besides basic story work which is what the other four modules are for geez do you work for the network.

News. Channel how to manufacture consent there's two types of consent there's conscious consent and unconscious consent unconscious consent is when you direct a uh a communication specifically to the subconscious mind and the subconscious mind responds in the affirmative one of the fastest ways to do that is what we call an eyebrow flash or an unconscious hello okay. This was actually one of the ways that you can get unconscious consent very very quickly okay. Let's see here see.

UE lace is glad to see you're still teaching. I use your influence techniques in classes. I teach perfect it's great. I love.

I love to hear when people are actually using this and getting the results because that's what. I do for that's what. I do it for you know. I'll be honest with you guys.

I love you know it's great when you guys tell me how wonderful. I am what a cool teacher. I am you know um what. But what really excites me is when you guys tell me how you've taken this material gone out into the world applied it and created transformation in your life that's when.

I know at a deep level that. I've. I'm accomplishing what. God put me here to do which is to give you the tools that you need to take your life to the.

Next level yeah the money. I make is great right. But at the end of the day. I want to know when.

I shuffle off this. Mortal coil that. I've left the world a better place it's my form of immortality. So to speak and.

So every time you guys come back and you tell me how you've taken the things that you've learned and you've applied them in your life and you've gotten the results and you're excited and you're motivated you're inspired to keep going that's what that's what gets me up in the morning right. Yeah the money will be there if and again this is one of the things. I've discovered when you move through the world on your path helping everybody you meet get what they want like giving you what you want the money will always be there and it will always be abundant okay. So.

I don't really worry about the money aspect near as much as. I used to because. I see the lights coming on and. I see it paying forward and.

I know you guys are out there changing the world you're making a difference in the lives of other human beings starting with the most important person in the world you right. So for those of you who have experimented with our techniques for those of you who want to go deeper have a deeper relationship with me if you go to this address and and uh follow the links uh you'll get access to the webinar package that we offered on uh on. Wednesday um again. I promised you guys.

I would come back on um on. Saturday because we had some technical issues and stuff like that and. I would continue to teach and customize the content of the webinar and give you some other things that you can use um and give you another chance to kind of if you had some buyers remorse or you're you're kind of on the fence maybe and now you've been wishing you've done it now's your chance right. You can ask me anything you want you can grab your your copy of the course and still get the benefits right.

Um let's see here azri says click the link. I have specific things. I need to speak with you about if you'll hear me how can. I send my email without a bunch of weirdos or strangers all right.

Send it to. Stephanie at. NLP power uh and. Stephanie almost always forwards those things to me.

So you'll either get an answer directly from me or from. Stephanie from me right. It's probably the best way to do it if you're not gonna if you're not gonna upgrade to one of the coaching programs which. I don't recommend anybody do until you've actually been in a live event with me to figure out if the way we go about things and what we do is free that's why we gave away the.

VIP ticket on. Wednesday was. So for those of you who who really were kind of not sure how to what's the best way to learn and if this is the right. Place for you you could you could train from home.

But you could also come to a live event and see if the live interactions with me are moving you faster in the direction you want to go. So we always try to bundle everything. So that no. Matter what your situation in life may be if you're willing to to go for it the reward is going to be there that's why we also give the 60 day money back guarantee uh let's see here uh.

Paul deeney. I've used your lessons and used to help people perfect that's. I love hearing that. Paul thank you.

So much okay. So getting smart and quick what are your thoughts on nudging and paternal nudging can you elaborate on the your definition of nudging. So. I can give you my opinion on what you're talking about because.

Then. I've heard nudging as a as the um the title of certain books on influence and persuasion. But. I don't know what you mean.

So the more. I know about what you mean the better a more targeted answer. I can give you. So red says.

I work. Direct. Care at a psych ward. So.

I use your state control lessons often beautiful nothing will prove to you the value of this faster than being in situations where people go nuts on a regular basis okay. When people were locked in from all the coveted restrictions and under house arrest. So many people from planet. David reached out to me freaking out because all the people around them were freaking out and.

I looked at them and. I said to them hey this is an amazing opportunity for you if there was ever an environment or a situation where you have the opportunity to get super strong at your state control where you can actively apply these techniques in a resistant environment which will make you infinitely stronger there has never been a better time to to use this than the covet restrictions times if you once you've got this down and you understand how to emanate your energy out to a room you can change the vibe for the entire room right. And a lot of my people when they start when. I when they started wrapping their head around that concept actually went out and started doing that they would go into lines uh for people like when when the toilet paper.

Rush was on and people were freaking out they would get in these lines at the checkout counters or whatever and people be freaking out panicking and they just get control of their state they'd emanate a relaxed playful. Vibe out and just like pulling oil on a on a stormy ocean everybody would just start to mellow out because they understood the concept of entrainment physiological. State. Control volitional.

State. Control how they merge together and how to empty to connect with other people's nervous systems in a way that that nervous system actually entrains right. That's all in the in the secrets of human influence package that's your. First set of trainings we developed almost an entire day and a half to that that that particular process that's where you start and if there's a.

Jedi skill in anything we do um that's it because once you once you got that down no. One can push your buttons ever again and you can literally. Prime people to go into a profound trans. States and see reality experience reality in a way that's in harmony with whatever verbal messages you want to give them eighty percent of your influence is done before you open your mouth and it all goes out at a little.

State control module that little ring around if you guys were on the webinar remember that little ring diagram. I showed you the outer ring was. State control that's the real. Jedi skill uh let's see here.

So kianzade. I think is that what it is yeah uh. I'm currently stuck in a sir. I don't know what that means uh.

David. I love your. YouTube things. I'm 64 and kind of like learning things and grateful for you thank you.

David um. Tanya. Dao. I just tuned in been a while since nice to see you hope you had a nice.

Hiatus if that's the case maybe. I just went everywhere else on. YouTube. But here.

I've been here the whole time. So chances are you were kind of uh you were you were preoccupied with other people's channels you left me for another person's. Channel. I'm a shame.

I'm obeyed. But you're back now we're happy um let's see here get smart quick do you use druidic calendar like doing rituals on. Scorpio no. No.

I. I have deep respect for the. Celtic practices. But.

I don't. I don't. I don't utilize most of them um. I have a past life couple a couple past lives that are.

Celtic origin if you know what. I mean. But right. Now uh my primary paths are kabbalistic um.

Egyptian some. Egyptian a lot of. Taoist. Buddhist.

Christian mystical tradition uh those are kind of my big ones right. Now uh with a side order of the other stuff [Music] um you get smart quick same nudging like the famous book. And paternal nudging as the government nudging. I think we got the same nudging.

But that's not what. I mean all right. Give me a better question. I promise you.

I'll do my best to answer it. Paul deeney says just bought your course again it's the least. I can do this well thank you. Paul that's really that's really that's really that's awesome thank you.

So much for that. I hope we um we can provide even more value to you in the future for those of you who are interested in buying the courses that. Paul did you go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.kilderinfluence.com forward slash go and we will get those courses out to you as soon as possible. I'll tell you what.

I'm going to do though for those of you who want to grab that course. I will actually throw in the. VIP ticket to kill influence live for those of you who want to do it while. I'm on now here's the secret um.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna have a coup a code word for you guys and that code word is vibe. So if you decide to use that. VIP ticket when you call up to cash in that.

VIP ticket you got to use the word vibe right. Then. Stephanie is going to check to make sure you actually bought the webinar package and if that checks out and you use the word. Vibe we will issue you a.

VIP ticket to the. Next killer influence live just because. I'm on and that's only good for as long as. I'm.

I'm actually live on the. Stream. So when. I click off and this replay goes live don't try and get it done right.

But if you do it now while. I'm on uh we'll we'll actually give you the. VIP ticket okay. Um let's see here.

Viva. Cloud do your video courses count as prerequisites no. No. We've tried that and it never yields the level of result that we want there is a difference between.

So many coming in cold and somebody who's watched the videos. But the difference between somebody coming in cold and somebody who's watched the videos versus somebody who's had the live training previously is still orders of magnitude right. So while we recommend that you binge watch the videos as much as possible to count as a prerequisite um you need to live right. We have certain certain quality standards.

I can make a ton more money by not doing that. But it's not about the money it's about making sure that you can actually do this out in the real world where it counts and to do that. I want to be able to see you in action. I want to be able to watch what you're doing give you feedback create extra drills if you need them or move you through the curriculum faster if you actually show a talent for this and the only way.

I can do that is by having you live in classroom okay. I have done it. I have done virtuals like if. I do a virtual training like for soulmate.

Secrets or hidden. Laws of. Attraction and you're doing it with me virtually in real time those will count as prerequisites. But if you're just watching the video course with no.

Oversight or no. Way to track your reps and things like that no. We can't count that. But if we can track your reps and know that you've done the work and and demonstrate that you've done the work.

Then we'll we'll give you credit for that what we have done from time to time if people want to attend a class that they haven't been to personally. But said they've binge watched the videos what we have done is set up a time to test them on the material like we literally say okay. Uh here's. Moss or here's.

Steph or here's whoever my assistants are show me voice of authority or show me temporal editing or show me the gift right. If you're a killer influence. I'll say okay. Show me.

Criterion value solicitation show me. Echo technique show me three magic questions right. Why because if you've adopted the training if you've done the work you should embody this which means you should be able to do this anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason when we test you on it we're not looking for you to be. Dr.

David without a vest we're looking for you to be able to do it in an ugly way. But an ugly. But functional way show us that you can do this you have your whole life to get pretty you have your whole life to get eloquent. But when you come to a live event.

I have five days depending on the length of the training to make you functional to make you. Unstoppable and we can do it we have systems that'll do it. But we have to be able to monitor you right. That's what that's the magic if you know if you can't measure it you can't manage it and we need to be able to manage it.

So. I hope that's my. I'm going to get off my soapbox now um uh let's see here get smart is asking weird question besides or in class who else is good at. Venture.

Capital pitching hmm maybe. Gary vaynerchuk um look. Into uh. Nick.

Morgan's stuff. Nick. Morgan wrote a book. Called.

Power cues this stuff isn't necessarily like orange in that you're learning how to pitch. But a lot of the things that. Nick teaches will amplify what. Oren teaches.

So. I think they're very synergistic um also uh reptile specifically uh reptile book. On closing arguments now that book. Is really hard to get a book.

Is really hard to get. But if you go to uh there's a there's certain websites that cater to for legal books any books on closing arguments will help you pitch okay. Let's see. Tom.

I have heard you mention that you saved very powerful classes for attorneys and those who you see about the probably very interested intrigued. I live in. New. York.

City. Tom it's interesting that. I just read your question now uh yes. Um what we do is we take the our standard curriculums and.

Then we modify them for specific uh persuasion applications. So we have variations on killer influence defense against the dark arts people reading for. Fun and. Profit based on if you're in law enforcement if you're in the personal injury field or legal.

Fields things of that nature um. V. McLeod do your courses count as fast already can you. Inc yeah just reach uh.

Tom reach out to. Stephanie at 858 282-4663 and uh she'll let you know what you need to do to kind of get something going forward uh. Eric how you been brother. I have to say this.

David if my health would permit. I would move. Heaven and. Earth to take you up on this offer.

I probably have already have the home courses. But. True. Value is being in the room.

Eric you probably know better than that you're also a person you're also a lawyer as. I remember um. Eric's been around the block a few times um and. I.

I hope you get healthier because. I want to see you hopefully. I'll see you at. Hypno.

Thoughts um. Eric says. I have two books on the reptile by those lawyers written for lawyers solid gold yeah it's it's it's hardcore right. Um.

But they've nailed it in terms of pitching to the reptile brain which again is what class is doing right. Pitching to the reptile mom says thank you very good all right. So for those of you who are still interested in grabbing all that goodness and getting that. VIP ticket um go ahead and click that link right.

There does anybody have any questions about the webinar package that we were offering on. Wednesday or any of the content that we covered that maybe um we didn't quite get to or that because of technical snap. Foods um wasn't quite as clear as it could be because that's what. I kind of want to do is.

I want to make sure that everybody got the value that they came to the webinar for we're going once oh here we go. Danka hi. David can you give us some powerful resistance busting suggestions to actually be able to go get to. Hypno.

Thoughts is the human diff influence offered different from the killer influence offer in terms of content no. Um in terms of the price point if. I remember the. Last killer influence offer um no.

I think they're pretty much the same offer. I think they're pretty much the same offer. Neil. But if you want to take advantage of the new offer and you have a similar package if you reach out to.

Stephanie and this again this is entirely your option if you have the same package from a previous offer we will let you substitute products or courses of an equal or lesser value. So you can customize another package. So like say for example you want to grab a hold of the sequence of human influence package. But you already have that package well you can you can substitute the core training which is the secrets of human influence with defense against the dark arts which is a ton more new content focused on profiling and protecting yourself against counter manipulation lie detection profiling things of that nature you could replace.

I wouldn't. I actually wouldn't replace um storytelling reframing or um the persuasion and influence stuff um. But if you. But if you did want to you could you could replace it with reading people for.

Fun and. Profit face reading for. Fun and. Profit one and two um and you could also plug in a traction.

Mastery traction. Mastery is also based on the killerense curriculum. So as long as the price points match you can substitute whatever you wanted if that makes any kind of sense. But.

I think the killer influence offer and the secrets of human influence offer in terms of the content are pretty close um why not cover the content of the offer right. Now you read my mind okay. Hold on a. Second let me let me actually pull up the damn.

PowerPoint because. I didn't actually get the. PowerPoint ready for this believe it or not uh uh whip tour demowski is asking what's. So amazing in.

Jesus's teachings in your opinion what's. So amazing in. Jesus's teachings was the the levels that he taught at he was a master of teaching very powerful principles through the process of story and metaphor um he hints at it in various points where he says those with eyes. To see and ears to hear means those who are initiated into the inner mysteries of what.

I'm doing can extrapolate based on the code words and the stories. I'm telling what to do and how to do it those of you who haven't reached a level of spiritual maturity where you've been initiated or given access to those teachings can still derive benefits based on your level of understanding he was a master of that in my opinion all right. So let me go to um my. PowerPoint really quickly here and uh secrets of human influence and.

I'll just skip to the offer. Eric says there were two reptile books when. I bought mine there maybe there were actually quite a few published. Later um hold on a.

Second all right. So foreign. I just want to get to the um the summary okay. So let me show you really quick what we've got here.

I don't want to spend a lot of time on this. I want to answer questions. But in case people were wondering what's in the package. So what we include here is the secrets of human influence home study course it's a 2497 value and this covers the entire.

Universal persuasion protocol uh it covers three magic questions protocol resistance removal formula the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist the emotional bonding process to get people salivating to do what you want for their own reasons principles of lie detection and personality profiling uh social hypnotic operators proxemic hypnotic operators and uh how to how to control your state. So no. One can push your buttons ever again and. So much more to two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar package uh as a free bonus we're going to include the weapons of mass instruction this is the.

Neuroscience of. Storytelling and metaphor how you can create stories that are absolutely irresistible and compel people to want to do what you want them to do it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're also going to throw in the. Renegade reframing home study course now those of you who are on the. Mastermind today you got to directly experience the power of reframing as applied to your belief systems limiting beliefs as well as empowering beliefs your criteria and your values this gives you the ability this course gives you the ability to overcome any argument objection or limiting belief in yourself and other people it is the fastest way to change minds and get people moving forward to giving you the things you want the way you want it in the shortest amount of time possible and when you stack these together you can actually decimate another person's belief system until it's impossible for them to go back to believing the old stuff it's really in terms of verbal and psychological self-defense personal transformation sales and marketing this is probably one of the most important sets of tools there's 14 different ways to do exactly what.

I'm saying contained in this course it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're also going to include the. Charisma conversion home study course this is a course that takes everything that we teach you in secrets of human influence. Weapons of. Mass instruction.

Renegade reframing and combines it with some of the most powerful public speaking persuasion and influence tactics known to man and teaches you how to deploy all of that from the stage on groups of people this is not a class on stage hypnotism it's a class on how to utilize hypnotic persuasion just like. Tony. Robbins or t harvicker or. Mark.

Victor. Hansen or. Lisa sasovich or any number of very very famous um presenters. So that you can build your business and get people raising their hand and salivating to take the.

Next level with you. So the fastest way to build your business. I've always maintained to my students is through public speaking through getting um you know in front of a group of people hungry for the problems that you have solutions to and giving them the experience of having that problem solve we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a 1997 value. Then we're going to throw in the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a three-month trial. So 1 597 membership our value we're going to give it to you free you'll also get 11 access to the 11 years of archive video footage including today's that we've accumulated for every session that we've done since. October of 2010. you can binge watch that to your heart's content for the entire 90 days that's your in the program if after 90 days you decide that you like the program you like the people.

Then we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of 90 days you got what you needed and um you're good to go. Then we'll show you how to how to terminate from that and move forward we're also going to include the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course for those of you who want to cut through the and get started deploying hypnotic techniques as quickly as humanly possible this is a 997 dollar value it has at least 10 or 10 10 or 12 videos in it uh from any and it covers everything from the most powerful language patterns three magic questions protocol lie detection instant and rapid induction um and um hypnotic hot buttons which are all about. Criterion values it's a 997 value it comes with transcripts workbooks downloadable audios that you can listen to as well as videos it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and like. I said before if anybody grabs this offer by going to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go we're going to include a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next five day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis live event here in. San. Diego.

June 20th through the 24th at. Marina. Village in. San.

Diego. California it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value. But we're going to include all this stuff for free total package value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five all you need to get yours is one low installment of 997 or if you need help we can break that up on the same page you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397 each and um all you gotta do to get your is just click this link go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash. Geo and um you'll be yeah it's a it's a stupid good deal.

So if you have questions on it you can give. Stephanie a call 858-282-4663 or you can email her directly at. Stephanie at nlppower.com and she'll she'll be happy to answer any questions if you've bought a package like this in the past and you don't want to buy the same courses again. But you would still like to take advantage of this offer.

Then for every course that you already have we'll let you substitute something of equal or lesser value. So you can customize your secrets of human influence package. I was going over that with um on. Neil earlier.

So if you have bought in the past. But and you don't want to duplicate things. Then get with. Stephanie eight five eight two eight two four six six three and we'll help you customize the package based on the price points right.

Uh we have over the. Last. I checked we have over 54 different courses in our catalog. So.

I'm pretty sure you can find something to substitute out okay. That being said let's go back to our regular q a process um let's see here uh to answer. Eric's question there are there at least four or five reptile books now that. I have in my library one is closing arguments one is opening statements one is the regular reptile book.

Uh another is depositions and. Then there's actually a troubleshooters course that they have what's your thoughts on debt. Mr. Schneider is it slavery no.

And and. So let me let me actually kind of elaborate on that this is what. I tell all of my students because by and large my students have been where you are. I consider you my students.

But we have students at different levels of understanding in our processes most of us when we're. First coming into these personal transformation. Realms we don't have a lot of money and. So what happens.

So often is that we go to a presentation that is basically a pitch. Fest where people dangle these things in front of us and they say if you just buy my twenty thousand dollar package or my five thousand dollar package or my hundred thousand dollar package you'll get this and this and this and you'll be able to do this this and this. But they don't give you anything other than a lot of teasing and teaching and telling you other people's victories and through enough repetition you start to assume that their victories can be your victories and this is where we get into the problem many times is that if you are somebody who is ready and willing to take action on an investment. Then debt is never slavery if you are someone who is more in love with the idea of taking action of getting something for nothing debt will rapidly become your master okay.

So here's how. I explain it to my students when you are presented with an offer if you look. At that offer and you're presented with that offer and there's a part of you that knows deep in your heart that this will change your life that the desire to have it is like the desire the need to breathe. Then invest whatever do whatever you have to do to make the investment and get that course or that product or that service okay.

That's uh situation one situation two you're presented with an opportunity it looks good it sounds good like something you could do something other people have done and there's a part who say man it'd be nice to have that if you find yourself saying it'd be nice to have that save your money you don't want it bad enough okay. If you want something bad enough and you would if you go through a period of discomfort and debt is a is very very much analogous to discomfort you will move. Heaven and. Earth to recoup your investment if you have that need to breathe energy to it if you see a direct path between where you are and where this can get you that's also one of the reasons why in.

Planet. David we don't ask you to take anything on face value we don't ask you to take anything based on belief we ask you to make your decisions based on your experiences and. So when we guide you through our webinars or we we upload a video or an. Ama we try to to guide you through a set of experiences how many of you have been on a on a call or a training with me and the.

First thing we do is everybody stand up point to where you feel it reach out touch it move around right. Or write this down now write it like this and and stand up and speak this out those are experiences right. Powerful experiences because. I can talk to you till.

I'm blue in the face. I can make promises all day long people whose seminars you go to will make promises all day long. But. But once you've had an experience that door is open and it's going to stay open right.

So whether it takes you six months to to to to decide you deserve to take it to the. Next level or whether you want to do it now in the. Next few minutes that experience is. Paving the way for you you have a much greater degree of confidence in yourself and the techniques and the protocols because of that experience than if.

I just told you how good it's going to be for you. I don't know if that makes any kind of sense. So if if the if you see the linearity of it where this can directly impact especially if you've used it to change your life. Then make the investment because what you get back will be far greater than what you invest and that's how you make the determination of an investment versus a cost what's it going to give you in return it starts with desire though and a willingness to take the action okay.

If you're looking at it and you're thinking oh that'd be nice to have or. I could do cool things with that or that would be fun. I would hold on to your money because you don't want it bad enough yet to to use a hip to use a a phrase that my hypnosis instructor would often pair out you haven't suffered enough yet right. Um and sometimes we we need that extra.

Gravity from the universe to motivate us to make a change right. So that's kind of how. I look. At it um if you view yourself as a victim and you incur debt now debt's your master if you incur the debt and apply the things you get a return on the investment that allows you to pay off the debt and keep going that's what we want right.

I. I went through that same thing when. I. First time when.

I was working with. Lisa sasovich who. I. I have tremendous tremendous respect for that woman.

But up until. I started working with. Lisa. I had done pretty well in my business.

But. I was watching her and her. Mastermind students one time and you know there's always a dog and pony show at a lot of these marketing trainings it's a pitch. Fest and of course she brings up all her diamond and platinum.

Mastermind members and one lady's taught him how she made a hundred thousand and another lady was talking about how she made. Seven figures and when she before she was making you know low to mid six figures and. Then that's going in one ear and out the other right. Because after you've been through enough of these things you see it.

But. Then this one lady came up and she said you know when. I. First saw.

Lisa's. Mastermind. I. I was.

So nervous because. I didn't have that kind of money. But. I knew that this would change my life and.

So. I went to my bank and. I got an eighteen thousand dollar uh. Cash.

Advance on my. Visa card and. I was terrified as. I was filling out the form and having seen.

Lisa's form. I can understand that because the damn thing was this thick and. I'm terrified. But.

I wrote the check and. I and. I sent the money in and with it and. I made it all back in three months eighteen thousand dollars back in three months and.

I'm sitting. I'm sitting in the in the audience and. I'm going there's a little part of me that just said. I want to do that all the people talk about the millions of dollars they made didn't phase me.

But one woman who was scared. But knew it was the right. Thing to do and wrote the check incurred the debt and transformed herself from the inside out and made it all back in three months. I wanted that experience now let me tell you something that is not a comfortable experience when.

I wrote. I'd never written a check for eighteen thousand dollars in my life and as. I'm writing this thing out. I'm thinking this better work now.

I don't know how the process happens in people when they make that choice that they deserve it it's not comfortable and if anybody tells you it is comfortable they're trying to sell you something it's not okay. Comfort zones are wonderful things. But nothing ever grows there. So at that time.

I was doing a lot of internet marketing specifically in the seduction in. Romance space the sexuality niches. So. I'm writing this checkout.

I'm thinking what the am. I doing because not only am. I writing a check for eighteen thousand dollars. I'm writing a check for eighteen thousand dollars at 18 interest right.

So. I'm like this better now here's the thing this was two thousand am. I boring you guys if. I'm boring you guys.

I'll stop foreign should. I keep going with this story or should. I just stop okay. Anyway um.

So. I. I sent the check in. I'm giving.

I'm gonna give you the short story the short version and at and right. At that time now. I. I created the.

CPI model the universal persuasion protocol and killer influence right. Some some people um like the universal persuasion protocol was. I created that in 2002-2003. and. I taught.

CPI one time that was it and 12 years. Later or eight years. Later. I hadn't taught it again now.

I wrote this check for eighteen thousand dollars within 24 hours my brain said let's teach. CPI again and and. I'm like okay. And since.

I had my master. I just started my. Mastermind. I started doing my.

Meetup programs. I started promoting my. CPI class to my to my. Mastermind people.

I started promoting it to my meetup groups. I started promoting it to my my online readership and. I got like eight or nine thousand dollars worth of sign ups for that right. Around the same time one of my colleagues in the sexuality.

Niche a guy by the name of. David shade had teamed up with one of my other mentors uh. Mark. Cunningham to teach.

Erotic. Hypnosis he was looking for affiliates and. So since. I had a big list and.

I was in the sexuality. Niche. I was teaching people how to be their partner's ideal lover the. First time they were together that's kind of how.

I made a name for myself. I mailed to my list for people who wanted to buy that that program and. I was the number two affiliate for. David.

Shades. Erotic. Hypnosis program. I made over ten thousand dollars from that that promotion.

I joined. Lisa's program the end of. October beginning of. November by.

January all my money was back and it just kept going it just and it hasn't stopped. But what changed what changed me no. I didn't go out and and do anything well. I did do something new.

But. I always. I'd always had. I.

I had. I've been sitting on the killer influence system in the. CPI system for seven years never did a damn thing with it right. I could have just.

I don't usually mail for other people's stuff right. But. I do this and all of a sudden boom my brain changes and all of a sudden. I'm seeing ways to generate.

Revenue that. I wasn't seeing before why discomfort investment commitment how many of you and again you can type it in the chat or whatever how many of you have ever saved money for something and right. Before you're about to go buy the something or invest into something you've been saving for some comes out of left fields and sucks that money away and you got to use it for something else anybody ever have that happen. I know.

I know there's a delay between my zoom and the chat. But right. So type type your answer to that if you've ever had that happen and. Then type your answer to this how many of you have ever had just enough money for everything with maybe a little bit left over to go play a little bit or whatever and.

Then all of a sudden a massive. Bill comes out of nowhere that you don't know where you're gonna how you're gonna pay for it or where the money's gonna come from and yet somehow some way you found the money to pay that bill how many times you've had that happen. I would say that happens more often than it doesn't would you not okay. Here's the thing when the debt is incurred the meat goes into action and.

So you know when the debt comes out of nowhere you start tapping into resources problem solving things you never would have thought about tapping into any other way to get back what you thought you lost. But what's interesting is that in that process you become a different person how many of you would like to be more confident anybody okay. The truth is you don't want to be more confident the truth is you want to be less afraid. But and here's what why.

I'm going to kind of get on my soapbox regarding confidence confidence is a shell game confidence is a commodity that you can never have enough of and everybody in the self-help world that. I have met with very few exceptions is going to say in order to be successful you have to be confident that's a lie and. I'll and again. I'm going to tell a story you you decide for yourself if it's true for you or not how many of you by a show of that's me in the chat have ever been faced with something that needs to be done that you have absolutely zero that you had absolutely zero confidence in your ability to do type it in the chat.

I'll wait a couple a minute or two just to to make it come through right. But it had to be done right. And. So you put on your big boy or your big girl pants and you got you you became very determined and very.

Relentless and you kept moving forward and every time you had an obstacle or a situation or a setback you found a way over around and through and boom you nailed it you accomplish it you got to the other side of it let me ask you a question when did the confidence show up when did the confidence show up before you did it or after confidence in most people's worlds is an end state it's that feeling of certainty you get after you've done something. So to me the textbook. Definition of confidence is not a requisite for success to me the requisite characteristic or trait for success is. Relentless determination you don't have to be confident you just have to be determined relentless okay.

And that's why when it comes to things like investing in yourself it always comes down to can you see a clear path between the. Technologies you're being offered and the goals and how bad do you want what you say you want if you want it bad enough incur the. Dead because as you work to not only recla or rebalance that debt and you will be more motivated to put those techniques tactics and strategies into implementation and as a byproduct of that training you will become more of the person you want to be as you recoup the the investment and keep going you change your self-esteem you change your level of deservingness you change your self-image and self-identity. But it doesn't come without a cost and that is going to be the discomfort you go through to become the person who deserves to have it now if you're moving through the world with a victim mentality right.

Where the world owes you something or because you laid out a certain amount of money the world should just hand you something keep your money world doesn't know you brother or sister just doesn't you or yourself though right. And. So if you're looking for to to write a check and. Then somebody hands you a finished result not.

So much. But if you're looking for a path and a set of. Technologies and techniques to get you from where you are to where you want to be and in your mind in your heart you can see that linear path and make the investment right. So that's my my whole debt versus uh you know.

Master versus slave relationship you're going to make the payment no. Matter what the question is what's the meaning that you wrap around it because that determines your direction. So that quote. Ferris.

Bueller that's about all. I have to say about that um let's see here biggest takeaway from sincerity is. King yeah well like again. I lying is too it's exhausting man.

I just. I just. I'm. I can be a really good liar.

But man it sucks. I don't like how it makes me feel about myself. I don't like it how it makes me feel about other people. I don't.

I don't like the energy that's involved. I'm lazy. I'm a lazy just easier tell the truth and move on it right. Um.

Anyway. So for those of you who want to join me in uh. January by all means please click that link grab your. VIP ticket and come out to.

San. Diego for five days get your secrets of human influence home study course and all the benefits that go with it and uh take your investment and not only your investment in yourself. But take your your involvement in all things. Planet.

David to the. Next level right. Become part of the the group of individuals that are changing the world one person at a time starting with themselves um. Eric.

Brown says there's no. Liberation without labor no. Freedom comes free that's true. Steven.

Wright. Do. Chinese face feeding and the work of. Paul.

Eckman work together are they separate oh they are very compatible in fact um in face reading in the face reading class. I'm going to be teaching in. Dallas uh in. April we're going to show you uh what the.

Chinese are saying about the face and how that relates to ekman's discoveries on microexpressions they're actually very complementary to each other they're not incompatible at all the difference is context um if you look. At ekman's work we're looking at what we call. Active profiling active facial chain active facial architecture changes in other words micro. Expressions that happen in a split.

Second and they're gone. But what does your face start to look. Like if you've been taking making the same micro expressions for 20 years now. Chinese face reading comes in and now we can look.

At your history we can look. At the emotions you're not processing we can look. At the traumas you've been repressing we can look. At the dominant hormonal.

Pathways in your body based on the size and relative size and and shape of certain facial landmarks and we can create a very powerful passive profile of you and. Then we can. Then we can document momentary changes in an interaction. So they're not exclusive and they're not incompatible they're just used in different contexts okay.

Let's see here get smart quick says how would you use hypnotic speech to make your loved ones cool with a will and a prenup um start with. Echo technique. Criterion values elicitation um reframing and resistance removal and. Then you can start to weave patterns together that will take them from uh thinking of a prenup and a will as kind of cheating them as opposed to protecting them it's all about how you frame it right.

But you want to get them emotionally invested in that change and the way you do that is through their values. Then you neutralize resistance to the resistance from a protocol and get them to generate their own reasons why they might want to have a will and a prenup and. Then build that into the criteria and the reframes and the echo technique and you'll rapidly have people actually asking you for a prenup. Get get.

Smart quick says. I love your. Frederick. Nietzsche reference on the slave master dialect cool all right.

Um. I think that's all the questions. I see does anybody have anything else they want to ask before. I uh kind of turn you guys loose to enjoy the rest of your weekend.

Revelation why do. I keep attracting women that either have a boyfriend or unavailable in other ways. First and foremost if a woman has a boyfriend that shouldn't stop you especially if you believe you're the better choice okay. Uh if they're of unavailable in other ways.

Then chances are there's something in your template that's sorting for women who are not available and my bet is that your your neurology is trying to protect you from a certain level of. I'm. I'm again. I'm going completely off intuition here.

I have no. Way to know if what. I'm about to say is true or not your neurology is trying to protect you from getting hurt by getting into a committed relationship with somebody and it doesn't work. So there are several ways that it can do that it can have you be attract people that you can only go to a certain degree a certain degree of intimacy with and no.

Further uh it can attract people that have in your mind a perceived barrier that keeps you from moving forward with that relationship uh and that can be the boyfriend or it can be some other form of emotional unavailable like geographically inconvenient or or whatever start with clearing up your own find out what template that might go back to and fix that and. Then cognitively intellectually start thinking about the kind of person you should go you know if you're part of um and get soulmate secrets online course or watch the. Last. Mastermind that we just did or we did the life values inventory those are really good exercises to figure out what your values are and how to figure out and and pressure test the limiting beliefs you didn't know you had.

I would start there if you get soulmate. Secrets all that stuff is in that course too. But we just today we did this in. The.

Mastermind. So um that's where. I would start okay. So guess why do people divorce oh let me count the reasons most people who get divorced shouldn't have gotten married in the.

First place um. Eric ransler question here if there was a way to know they are not with you for your money would you do it if there was a way to know that they are not with you for your money would you do it yes. Yeah. I would if.

I had ways to make sure that the people that. I'm bringing into my life are what they represent themselves to be. I would absolutely do it because it's my life and. I'm responsible at the end of the day if you let somebody into your life and you didn't do the due diligence to make sure that that person is who they they claim to be or what they represent to your life and you knew how and you knew how to do that it's on you you know the whole expression screw me once shame on you screw me twice shame on me right.

Uh let's see here is asking my friend has an eight-year-old sister is 100 healthy. But doesn't talk at all the doctors have no. Idea what it comes from did you ever deal with something like this. I'm wondering where it comes.

I don't. I've never dealt with it. But you know. Einstein didn't speak till he was like two or three years old and when he did.

Finally speak he basically asked at the dinner table can you pass the sugar or something like that or the milk and his parents almost fainted. So if the person doesn't want to speak um. Then you need to figure out some way to get them to open up. But.

I would start. I would start by echoing their body language using the sphere of influence techniques that we teach pacing their breathing their blink rate everything you can do to gain significant levels of. Rapport comfort and connection and. Then maybe if they don't want to talk get them to draw or write or in some other way.

Express what's inside of them. But start with neutral topics things that aren't going to be emotionally provocative don't you know you try to get them to talk and the. First thing you ask them is what's wrong with you what's wrong what's bothering you bad idea you need to create safety comfort and playfulness. So that people feel safe and willing to explore new behaviors right.

That's what. I would do if. I were in that situation. I'm not um you might want to you might want to check for some kind of autism as well and see if there's anything going on there um that would be my best bet.

I mean there's all kinds of metaphysical or spiritual things you could attempt. But. I would start there okay. So.

Revelation says. I was adopted. So intimacy issues abound how do. I resolve regress to cause start with the transformational.

Triad energy spinning. Magic. Frame color breathing work on what you can grab the identity by. Design course work through that when you're ready for additional help deeper levels of help reach out to someone and.

Planet. David trained in advanced regression and holonomic regression and work with them to get through and resolve and and process out all those issues [Music] um. Danny. Sutcliffe says what is.

Erotic. Hypnosis. Erotic. Hypnosis is the use of hypnotic technique for the exploration of sensual and erotic pleasure fantasy enactment power exchange things of that nature uh let's see here get smart says ever since.

I used your stuff of my significant other that she is super loyal my question is why do in-laws want to ruin a good relationship oh let me count the ways. I have. Chinese in-laws. So.

I'm never good enough um. But a lot of times in-laws are very proprietary they don't want their little girl or their little boy to be with somebody that they think isn't worthy of them. But a lot of times it's not even that is they don't want to be replaced that's the big one because until you come along the most important people in her in his or her life is their parents and. Then all of a sudden somebody else comes along and now that level of attention shifts and it causes people to get very triggered okay.

David sharing hi from. Glace. Bay. Nova.

Scotia. Canada hi. David sharing. English.

Bay. Nova. Nova. Scotia she almost said that's what.

I told him because recently she started talking in school. So it's definitely a deep fear those parents are not aware of there you go right. Very good all right. So.

Anyway. I'm about to sign off for those of you who want to join me in. June 20th to the 20th fourth um you can go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and uh use that. VIP ticket if you want an excuse to travel and you want to use that we have a training coming up in.

Australia in. May. I believe it's. May 4th through the ninth if you want to come to.

Australia. I will let you apply that. VIP ticket towards the six day super persuasion. Mega training out in.

Brisbane. Australia if you want to travel. ASMR not. So much the same all right.

Here's. Matthew. Boyd welcome. Matthew all right.

Uh. Last call what do you got go with peace my friend in the words of the immortal calibernet. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night my friends have a great weekend we will see you. Next week same bath time same bad. Channel good night. God.
