Title: Law of Attraction Class 2 Secrets of Personal Transformation
File Name: 6at1hX57tY8.txt
Video Id: 6at1hX57tY8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6at1hX57tY8

Eyes. And ears man if you're still eating and chowing down please eat all the chocolate you can this is the one day when it's okay. Cuz tomorrow you're all com to my office. I need those way.

David fix me. First thing you guys who are coaches therapists whatever the minute somebody comes into your waiting room and says. I need you to make me. X send them home you will do for them the greatest gift you could ever give them you will call them on their okay.

You want someone to change destroy their world view not their not the way their their sense of physical or emotional equilibrium they become very very open to change quickly now can't you too late okay. Are we on. James yes. Thank you what do you guys think.

So far of the night having a good time yeah learning a lot one to 10 a 10 cool now we're going to turn it up now we're going to turn it up okay. So a couple of things remember that your nervous system is the most advanced multi-dimensional changeable information processing system reality creation mechanism ever invented the. Beauty and the tragedy of what we're learning about and again we're just scratching the surface is that there really is no. Such thing as reality now for most people that's a tremendously liberating and terrifying concept okay.

But it's true you see everything. I do and and and my work has always been about the understanding of feedback loops everybody get this okay. Okay. We talk about feedback loops what am.

I really talking about well. X happens. Then y happens the most complex one that we talk about if you've read books like the c or see movies like. The.

Secret we talk about the big we talk about the big universe and the little. Universe if you're into metaphysics into magic um oh and the old mystery schools you'll hear the term. As. Above.

So. Below okay. It's just another way of saying. Big.

Universe little. Universe. Chinese had this concept for thousands and thousands of years had very very complex systems for making them work. NLP came along and made it dramatically simple.

But there's still a lot you can learn from those older systems once you know what to look. For. But we need to understand that everything we do is about vibration if we have. XY vibration we will attract.

XY circumstances that generate feelings of. XY notice. I didn't say a situation or a specific situation. I said will generate feelings of.

X or. Y our nervous system hones in on feelings it hones in on the oscillation the vibrational rate of the events in our life not the picture we create in our head usually although that can be helpful it's the feelings in our body that call into our life events that correspond and regenerate those feelings okay. How many people here have ever heard of a show called lie to me. I love that show.

I love that show too you should rent every season gets a little psychotic towards the end. But. Then again anything with. Tim.

Roth has a tendency to get psychotic. Anyway you can get it on. Netflix as well now the guy the consultant for that show was a man by the name of. Paul emman and if you have a a taste for very dense material read his stuff.

Paul. Atman is one of the world's leading. Authorities on the study of emotion and facial cues he wrote a book. Called.

The. Emotions revealed where he actually talks about a concept called the emotional refractory period anybody here ever have the the pleasure of being in an argument with somebody raise your hands anybody here ever have the pleasure of being in an argument with somebody resolving the argument and. Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes afterwards anything you said pissed them off again welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period anybody here ever buy a car new car or just a car they really lusted after and.

Then they bought the car and. Then everywhere they went they saw the car was everywhere it's like everybody bought the same car on the same day right. It was a conspiracy to screw with your head welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period every time you create a feeling state in your body physiologically your system does something very very sneaky very very predictable and very very cool it changes what you consciously pay attention to it focuses only on the information in the relationships and the environment that reinforce or re-trigger the state you can think of your emotions as little life forms that want to live as long as possible and it needs nourishment. So what does it do it makes you focus on stuff that makes you feel the same way now interestingly interestingly not another sidebar for those of you who are into weird things like magic and metaphysics and um that kind of you know stuff that doesn't exist they tell you that when you have like a when you're possessed or when there's these entities they do things in your energy field that cause you to feel a certain way.

So you'll act a certain way anybody noticed something here kind of the same process isn't it does it really matter which set of terminology is right. This is the process that's the truth whether it's caused by entities outside of us or entities inside of us doesn't matter we deal with them the same way we change our feelings we change our feelings we change our perceptions change our perceptions we change our beliefs that's your. First this is the big feedback loop we call things into our life that are in harmony with the way we feel most of the time change our feelings change our perception ah somebody's putting the. But the bells and whistles together we often say that perception is belief those of you who play spend a lot of time in the.

Mind. Body. Fields what we believe we perceive right. Well guess what what we perceive we believe as well there's a story that gets thrown around a lot of the.

NLP circles a lot of the change work circles about when the. Explorers. First came to the new world and they hit the shore. I think it was tahi or one of those islands out there and the natives couldn't see the ships the.

Explorers were traveling in until they lowered the longboats to go to. Shore and. Then all of a sudden the ships appeared because the ship was. So far outside of their belief system they couldn't see it.

But the longboats were close enough to what the villagers knew it created a bridge this is why many times we can't get from. A to. Z we see something we want. But everything in between isn't there we can't see it most people how many people here want to write a book.

How many people here never get past the. First freaking page right. Do you know why because you're trying to start from the beginning start from the end start from the end result and work back just a little thing my help perception and belief remember feelings change your perceptions perceptions change your beliefs and. So on and.

So on and. So on if we can inject change at one end of the of the cycle we can affect all the others if we can change both ends change is on impossible to stop most of us try to change through willpower we try to change through the most superficial level of our brain this is your brain on. David by the way this is called the neocortex this is the most superficial level of the brain it's we also call that. IR rational lying brain it's the part that's designed to come up with all the socially acceptable and justifiable reasons for why you want to do the things you really want to do that have nothing to do with the actual reason you want to do them okay.

It will create a very plausible rationale those of you who do any kind of hypnosis work any kind of deep therapy work you you'll probably know this you'll understand this if not. I'm going to. I'm going to give you guys a little thing the reason people come to me is never the reason they're there 100% of the time the person comes to me and says. I have a.

I keep clenching my jaw. I have this mouth guard. I've had it for 20 years. I can't stop clenching my jaw.

I think it's because you know. I'm angry over this accident or. I just like clenching my jaw you get them in the chair you take them back to the. First scene situation or event that has everything to do with why they're there they're 2 years old their mom left and they're stuck with the nanny and they're pissed resolve it there my.

J feels. So light thank you in hypnosis therapy work we call that the presenting problem the reason you're stuck is almost never the reason you're stuck which again goes back to a concept. I talked about earlier called your dominant thoughts the the rational lying brain creates a screen it creates a filter that creates complex rationals for why you're screwed up and until you get past it you'll pretty much keep creating what you've got down there okay. But we can change it how feelings the more we can feel what we want on demand the more everything about us changes everything come here.

Jamon everybody give. Jamon a big round of [Applause] applause. I love this kid okay. Because he more than anybody else that.

I've worked with represents what's possible. I started n. LP power. But five years ago four years ago.

James how long ago was it how long you came to the birth about five years five years ago. James. C2 and and. Jamon were some of the.

First people that came to those meetups and. I gave up. I give up better truck for free than most people charge for. I'm okay.

With that because my belief is if. I change if. I help you change your life you'll want more and when you want more you know where to go right. Value value.

Jamon came to me. I taught a technique called the interview. Crusher it's a simp simple conversational framework that zeros right. In on the emotional hot buttons that any employer has for hiring the ideal employee he went out the.

Next step what you tell you can tell them yeah uh. So uh when. I. First came to the.

Meetup we were actually talking about ways to they talk about criter and values was the strongest one that um. I found effective in the interviews that. I was doing and ultimately we all have reasons you all have reasons for doing what you do and why you came here today. So to does the interviewees they're the interviewers the people.

I was um applying for. So. I knew that. I was competent in the skills that.

I was uh interviewing for. But. So maybe we also the people that were going to be applying for it as well. So um.

I just you know it made a lot of sense the simplistic nature that. David was able to kind of lay out in the meeting and literally like the. Next day. I was like okay.

I'll just do this and put you know put it into action and uh there was both the the different positions. I was interviewing for and. I was able to choose between them because of implementing the tools that. I learned he had them fighting over yeah right.

It was good right. In this world a little bit of information is a. Quantum. Leap if it's applied properly because it's is his.

First time back from taking a world. Cruise he literally him and his family literally sailed around the world in their sailboat okay. He kept sending me these weird pictures from all these places with all these really hot women and. I was pissed.

I did that for him. But we're going to. I'm going to do a demo with him just to to kind of show you some things that we can begin to do to take control of our own nervous system and start generating change and feelings very very quickly okay. Now.

I could spend three or four hours unpacking what. I'm about to do in about two minutes. But you don't have to you just have to do what. I tell you to do that make sense okay.

So um and. I can bring. James up. Later and we can we can do all kinds of testimonies and things about how people's lives have changed.

But that's enough. So. J is there. I know this is going to be.

So he's. So expressive you're gonna have a ball with this guy all right. So here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to think and remember the most intense joyful pleasurable desirable experience you've ever had good now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to close your eyes. And point to where you feel it in your body now look.

At it with your inner eyes. And. I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression green cool on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the feelings.

H where. I'm at with them now yeah just doesn't matter it's going to get better uh right. Now. I'd say it's at four.

Co working good reach in with both your hands take all that green energy out hold it in your hands make sure it's all in your hands cuz sometimes that hides all in your hands mhm you sure did it change color or stay the same it's more warm good now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to notice it's moving in a certain direction what direction is it moving. First impression uh clockwise cool.

I want you to take it in both of your hands and grip it strong. I want you to double the speed in the spin double the amplitude keep doubling it keep amplifying it double and triple until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and it's only going to get better and when you know you've got it when you know it's impossible to stop slam it back in notice the change notice how it only gets stronger this boy needs a shower how fast was that go. Bliss out in the back of the room give round. Applause anybody here anybody here have an ouchie an ache or a pain you come here.

I zapped you. Last time you're going on. YouTube. I'm and the title is going to be watch me stem this guy all right.

So is it a physical pain yes. Cool uh point to where you feel it here right. There right. On cool close your eyes.

Point to it on a scale of. Z to 10 rate the sensation four good look. At it with your inner eyes. Now notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color.

First impression right. Good take both of your hands reach and and grab all that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands just reach it grab it all out dig it all out make sure it's all in your hand cuz sometimes that hides got it got it did the color change or stay the same. First impression changed okay. What color did it change to purple excellent notice as you look.

At it it's moving in a certain direction what's the direction for. First impression like this good take it in both your hands. I want you to physically reorient it in space. So it's rotating the opposite of what it was physically move it yes.

I need to see it yes. Now double the spin double it again keep doubling double it stronger stronger faster faster harder and harder until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change notice it's gone let the feelings come up because that's why they're there that's it let it come up it's okay. What just happened it feels better and it will just keep getting better give a big round of applause thank same process slight tweak same nervous system okay. I know try to bring it back it's just going to he's freaking it won't come back it won't come back okay.

Feelings the feelings in your body determine everything else okay. In. NLP we say all convincer strategies end in a kinesthetic they end in. A.

Feeling either an external feeling or an internal feeling usually we feel something. Then we do something if all convincer strategy in other words the the amount of times we need to repeat something or experience something before it becomes true for us that's what a convincer strategy is if if every single human being on the planet their strategy ends with a feeling. Why not start there why go through all these long complex drawn out formula if all we need to do is change the feeling the question becomes how do we do that exactly every feeling in your body is energy in motion anybody who's any kind of. Alternative.

Healthcare knows that energy must move whether it's for wealth. Financial abundance or physical physical health if the energy isn't moving you're dying you're suffering you're in pain the reason you're here is because there's something you want that's in your and something's keeping you from getting it there's some place in your life that energy isn't moving. So let's just get it moving okay. So here's what we're going to do.

First. I want you to go through your life and. I want you to find the most pleasurable wonderful exciting juicy ecstatic orgasmic whatever does it for you because. I'm not going to ask you what it is.

But. I want it to be on a scale of zero like that spinal tap movie you know the amplifier go most people go to 10 there goes to 11. That's. How.

Strong. I want it to be for you okay. Now. I'm going to give you two keys that once once you understand this you can have anything you want if you don't understand this you can shoot yourself in the foot your choice though.

I mean you want to or not cuz. I can go home okay. All right. Remind me oh thank you landed.

Lon comes down from. Orange. County for this give him a big round of applause wor all right. This technique works on everyone and you don't have to believe it if you look.

I have different personas some of you know me as. David. Snider if you've been on. NLP powerbeat up.com.

But. I have a secret life. I teach people how to have orgasms. I teach men how to become the kind of lover every woman fantasizes about.

I teach women how to be free of their inhibitions their sexual baggage their emotional baggage and find the right. Kind of men that's my other life if you look. For me in some of my. YouTube stuff in my other life you will see a video called the touchless orgasm or instant orgasm video where.

I literally bring a woman in. First words out of her mouth when she met me. I don't think. I can be hypnotized.

I love that. So. I'm not going to hypnotize you. But you believe in energy uh-huh and in two or three minutes she's having.

Grandma orgasm with her clothes on her life changed after that why because the large remember. I. I began this whole series with this talk about oxytocin and how it changes your brain the largest release of oxytocin in the human body does not happen when you eat chocolate it happens at the moment of orgasm the moment of orgasm if you're not quite wanting to go there hugs will do it too. But it takes about 20 minutes.

So how long do you want to wait right. But here's my point. However we get the oxytocin into the system if we give our brains and our nervous system instructions about what to do and how to feel we change the nervous system we change the neurology. I saw and.

I didn't do this. But. I witnessed it happen. I saw a woman's spider phobia be cured by 20 minutes of intense orgasm what spider phobia okay.

That's how power. I. I've seen people sense of smell that they lost when how old was he oh no. No.

He was only a couple years ago yeah he. Richard brought him up on stage ran him through an intense pleasure cycle gave him some suggestions. Later that day his sense of smell that had been gone for years came back why because the nervous system rewired itself it can do that now the technique that you just saw me do with. Jamon do you think he was in pain you think he was ready for some.

Repro he was a he's ripe and ready for some serious reprogramming. Jamon does something very very easily that a lot of people have trouble with nobody in this room of course. But he becomes very absorbed and very focused how many people here have ever been a little kid raise your hands okay. I'm getting kind of nervous.

I. I've had people go how many people here when you were a little girl or a little boy or they to me how many of you played pretend raise your hands pretend pretend right. Every now and. Then.

I get the uh the the consumate data process well. I. I played with uh computational models leave now. But here's my point when you were playing pretend did you play pretend t as a little girl were you a tomboy or a tom girl a tom boy oh.

I bet you were too. So what kind of when you were when you played as a tomboy what what what was your favorite character to be um. I was a superhero superhero. I love that which kind which superhero were you um the all powerful one the all powerful one.

I am. Galactus oh we know who the. Marvel fans are okay. How about you sir did you play pretend as a kid um yeah did you have a favorite character or type of character you like to play.

I remember having like. Imaginary. Friends cool that's even better and did your imaginary friends like steal and blame it on you no. How about you did you play for 10 yeah what' you play um.

I like to grab a stick. I was bu all right. What's your name sir. Aldo.

Aldo. I'm betting when you were out in the back backyard and you playing pretend you picked up your stick and you were fighting somebody when you picked up that stick the moment you picked up that stick you knew it was a stick for about the. First five minutes and. Then it was a flaming sword and you were playing.

Dungeons and. Dragons slaying mastadons doing whatever right. And when nobody was looking kissing the hot girl were you asleep what's that were you asleep no. No.

Were you having a ball were you completely absorbed and focused in the experience if you can do that ladies and gentlemen just like when you were a kid you can have anything you want that's trance that's what we do we don't turn into a vegetable or a flesh robot we give ourselves permission to play to become as little children to become absorbed and focused in the experience that we're having and the juicier and more vibrant you can make it the faster you engage your imagination and your body if you want to get fast effective permanent change you must. Engage. The. Body must otherwise you're going to take 20 years if you're fast couple months.

But. I'm lazy. I want it now damn. So here's the thing when you do these exercises there's this little part of us that's going to want to say you're going to look.

Stupid if you just have. Grandma orgasms in front of people that it's your life give yourself permission to feel as good as humanly possible and. Then make it better because if we go through life feeling tremendously good at will all the time what must happen what must happen based on the. Law of.

Attraction we create it we'll be that you'll attract have it we'll do it have it everything starts with a simple feeling. But you see most of us spend most of our time practicing practicing grappy feelings that's why that that. First page do you have this symptom do you have this. SYM.

I gave you that. So you know you're practicing all right. But we can choose to do something different and that's what we're going to do. But.

I needed to give you the whole absorption focused phenomenon anybody here ever go see a movie no. I've never seen a movie being a technical term which. I haven't come up with a cool acronym for. But.

I'm working on it and you all know that when you go and you see a movie what was your favorite movie. Day. After. Tomorrow day after tomorrow that's all right.

It's cool. But. I guarantee when you went to that favorite movie yours was. Titanic wasn't it or the notebook.

You're a notebook. Girl my wife's a notebook. Girl hey mine was. Titanic what's wrong with that.

So it's it's. I'm feeling sorry. Moment by the way here's another secret to the universe stop taking yourself. So seriously most people live small lives lives because the image they have in their own head is smaller than everybody else is around them the imagery you create inside your head radiates outward and affects everyone around you we have to practice something else okay.

We have whole courses on that. But let's start changing today okay. Absorption and focus when you went to the movie. The.

Whites went down the curtain opened if it had a curtain a lot of the old. SC movie theaters had curtains right. And. Then maybe you had your popcorn your hot chick or a hot guy right.

Every now and. Then they do the the the sneaky romance thing they go right. I have a course on that too. But my point is the movie starts and for the.

Next 90 120 3 hours you have this amazing experience can you tell me at what point in that movie you became completely absorbed in the experience because if you could you're lying you weren't absorbed you weren't focused why am. I telling you this because there's a tendency for part of us to want to kind of hang out on the outside and evaluate experience that's the part that will keep you stuck in when. I'm. I'm dealing with audiences of primarily you know average human beings and.

I don't use average in in a negative sense. But people who don't spend a lot of time in the. Mind. Body areas.

So they don't have access to a lot of the terminologies and things. I talk about smart person syndrome smart person syndrome is that don't work on me you can't make it happen get that a lot in stage hypnosis people try to be the smart guy or the smart girl in therapy circles people who are trained we have what we call hypnotist disease hypnotist disease is that weird phenomena that happens when you're being guided as a hypnotist you're being guided through the process as a patient or a subject and rather than having. The. Full.

Experience there's a part of you kind of hanging out on the outside evaluating how good the hypnotist is and if there's anything that they can you can steal and subsequently they don't get the change either okay. If you have one foot on the accelerator and one foot on the break guess what you don't get anywhere very fast. So when you go through this process fully engage everything pull out the stops let it be as if on a scale of 0 to 10 you can your your best is only a four great it doesn't matter because just like muscle what we do more often gets stronger and stronger okay. So whatever you get be fully in it feel good for no.

Fraking reason and. Magic will happen. Okay. So that being said.

I want you all to stand up cuz. I find this just works better when you're on your feet now can everybody see me okay. You don't really need to see me. But you do need to follow instructions as rapidly and as fully as possible okay.

So here's what. I want you to do everybody just kind of close your eyes. And. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most intense wonderful full body all consuming.

Joy pleasure ecstasy whatever it is it can be natural it can be drug induced. I don't care. I don't pass judgments all. I care about it is that it was the most wonderful experience you've ever had and as you remember those feelings.

I want you to notice something there's a place in your body where those feelings start there's a place in your body where they go. Next. I want you to take your physical hand actually take your eyes. Your inner eyes.

And look. At that spot in your body and point to it physically that's right. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice that there's a color associated with that feeling notice the color.

First impression reach in with both of your hands take all of that energy out hold it in your hands in front of you and make sure you've got it all cuz sometimes it hides. I want you as you look. At it notice if the color changed or stayed the same notice it's moving in a certain direction this is the pleasure. Direction.

I want you to take it physically in your hands as tightly as you can and. I want you to double the spin double the amplitude and keep physically doubling it just double it double it stronger and stronger until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and it can only get stronger when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change notice it only gets stronger with. Every. Breath.

You. Take in. Every. Beat of your heart it just washes through you and it makes a circuit in your body it comes back to its point of origin and who it starts again and wh it starts again and wish it starts again and if you want to turn it up even more take it back out spin it even faster and put it back in notice what happens who if you want more take it back out spin it even faster the more you get the body involved the more bandwidth you'd activate in your neurology the better it gets and just be in it that's it notice how good you feel excellent.

I just got a little rush of secondary ecstasy that's kind of cool have a. SE that'll be 20 bucks who had a really cool experience. Aldo what was his like for you brother you can't even talk that's all right. Just sit there and enjoy the.

Afterglow that's when you know that's when you know you you got somebody here's the beauty of this yes. Sam experi guided. So. I was thinking if.

I do this by myself would be as extreme it can be it really deter it's really dependent on your level of absorption like when. I do it for myself which sometimes. I never leave the house. But one of the things.

I have to do for me physically. CU. I you know it's always the person who develops the tech the doctor never takes care of his own medicine right. Because.

I created the technique of course it it works on everybody. But me horseshit it works best on me right. But one of the things that. I do is when.

I take when. I take out the energy. I start physically like. I imagine like the little spokes or like little holes that.

I fingers fit through and. I just start doing this and and sometimes it takes a little bit longer for me to get into it. But it'll eventually kick in you see it can't not happen this is neuroscience you see there's a process that we all go through whenever we're presented with new information or new stimulus. First we accept it and believe it.

Then we analyze it and disbelieve it almost goes hand in hand with that whole faring concept. First we have to create something before we can try to negate something right. When we begin to get the meat suit involved there's a there's a brief moment when the neocortex and the rest of the brain and the rest of the nervous system kind of battle for. Supremacy.

But the moment the physiology is engaged there is far more amplitude behind the signal going to absorption. Then there is resistance to what we consciously know to be true okay. And it will just overwrite any conscious resistance that you have unless there's a part of you that's kind of sitting outside going is it work or isn't it. But that's why.

I tell you about those things. First. So that you can guard against them. But.

I've. I've taken pains away from myself. I've taken pains out of other people that put stuff in you know. I've used this one technique to literally cure cancer or at least help cure cancer the risk of creating pervasive ches okay.

I've used this on fluid in the pericardium used this on um aites. I've used this on chronic neck pain. Jes. I've used this on um high blood pressure low back pain migraines phobias low self-esteem.

I've used it it's it's because it's about how your nervous system processes the information just like a computer. Compu has a language your nervous system has a language it's just not the words that we as we understand them it's feelings it's visual imagery it's sounds not necessarily words. But sounds tones and when we understand how to talk to the body in its own language we can call it we can tell it how to do things otherwise the system just acts at random and by default and if you move through the world doing random you're going to get random results and that's really system has a a language which is feelings and what else feelings visual imagery colors tones the raw building blocks of our experience not the intricate complex ones that we think about those are all creations of our rational lying brain think more. Primal think reptilian and you'll be able to really really start to create your own life how many people here um okay.

So here's what here's the. First thing you want to do want to understand the roots of resistance right. So we can understand how to talk to ourselves how to create messages to our unconscious mind that have a very very strong chance of being accepted and acted upon we want to create an environment within us that is conducive to the acceptance and the implementation of those things we do that through feeling. States we do that through amplifying the oxytocin in our systems through increasing the pleasure state the states we want to feel more of in our life we have to practice those because a really cool thing happens as a byproduct of that when you move through the world feeling really really good suddenly everyone around you starts feeling really really good too and they start giving you they start doing stuff for you just because okay.

That's the leverage. I was talking about earlier the return on your investment okay. But we have to be willing to go from stage two to stage three of the unconscious confidence model don't we we got to be willing to try on something different to be to suck at it a little bit before we can get good at it okay. That being said.

I want you to close your eyes. Put your feet flat on the floor take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh and. I want you to remember something we did together just a few moments ago we learned a process a really cool process we could begin to feel good. On.

Demand to literally take any physical sensation in our body and by finding it where it lives by reaching in and looking at it with our inner eyes. And seeing the color noticing the direction taking it completely out of our body noticing the direction it was moving and. Then consciously deciding do. I want more of it or less of it more and if we want more we just spin it the way it's already moving we double the amplitude we double the spin we double the intensity and we keep physically moving it with our hands we keep doubling it we get the body involved until it's impossible to go back the way it was until we know it's absolutely.

Unstoppable and when we know we've got it not any not no. Sooner than when we know we've got it we slam it back in all that pleasure comes flooding back just like there are times in your life when there's feelings that you had in your body that you wanted to get rid of and the process for removing those becomes very very simple as well we notice in our bodies where those feelings live we look. At it with our inner eyes. And we notice that there's a color we point to it physically we reach in with both of our hands and we grab all of that energy whether we believe in energy or not it doesn't matter it's information we take it out we look.

At it we notice what direction it's moving and if. One. Direction is causing discomfort or something we don't want. Then obviously if we move it the opposite of what it was it has to create the opposite effect.

So that's all we do we physically reorient it and double the spin in the opposite direction and. Then we double it again and we keep doubling it and we keep doubling it until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was until it takes on a life of its own and. Then when we know we've got it when we know it's impossible to ever go back we slam it back in notice the changes notice it's gone and the wonderful thing about those experiences is because they take place on the inside of our mind and inside our bodies there's a different set of rules that apply because you see ladies and gentlemen inside whatever we can imagine whatever we can act out becomes true on the outside on the inside we are beyond the. Realms of time and space because time and space ladies and gentlemen is just information at our nervous system processes now as you begin to focus all of your attention on on the lids of your eyes.

Letting the wonderful. Sensations you've learned and experienced today grow ever stronger with. Every. Breath.

You. Take into. Every. Beat of your heart let those feelings double triple intensify circulating to every part of your body and mind another part of you can begin to float out of your physical body in fact you can look.

Down from that place on high maybe even see the top of your head as you're floating up higher and higher and higher noticing you might even see colors floating in and around your body as those wonderful. Sensations begin to circulate and you can begin to notice from up there something really cool it's like there's two parts of your nervous system that suddenly turn on one part starts moving through every level of your nervous system finding all the pleasure. States you've ever had zeroing in on where they live in your body beginning to pay attention to how they're moving the directions they're spinning and the amplitudes and they begin to double they begin to. Triple they begin to spread saturating your body saturating your mind with a new experience getting ready for something even cooler there's another part of your nervous system the other part and it's moving in a slightly different way maybe even a slightly different color it begins to sort through every level of your body and mind finding every place every cell every atom every nerve every acupuncture point or.

Meridian whatever you consider part of your total being it finds every part of you that's harboring a less than positive experience less than positive event and ladies and gentlemen the feelings and the reasons that they're there in the. First place and it begins to do something amazing it begins to pay attention to the color it begins to pay attention to the direction and as if there were a thousand versions of you targeting all of those areas it reaches in it grabs that energy with both of your hands and it changes it and turns it. So it's the opposite of what it was and. Then it doubles the spin and.

Then it doubles it again and. Then it doubles it again and it keeps doubling. It. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart those feelings begin to change they begin to amplify they begin to spread all throughout your body.

So simultaneously you have the most amazing sensations of pleasure. Joy ecstasy whatever the word is that break makes it all work for you and at the same time there's a tremendous release a tremendous feeling of freedom starting from the deepest levels of your body and mind and working its way outward as this happens you may feel emotions come up that's perfect that's the shedding process because just like a snake sheds its skin like the caterpillar emerges as the butterfly the beauty inside is coming out and. So you remove you get rid of you purge what's no. Longer necessary what's no.

Longer part of you and. Then it just doubles triples letting those processes happen not trying to control it. But just being completely absorbed in the experience. However it works for you let it change is inevitable all that other part of your mind floats higher and higher and higher it begins to float back back in time and it's almost like you can look.

Down on the events of your life like you're on a line of time maybe seeing things that happened yesterday things that happened the month before a year before back when you were a kid back when you were a little baby maybe even back before before you were conceived in a time and a place where all you were was. Consciousness nothing. But understanding and awareness free of a body and in that place there's a voice a voice of absolute trust absolute love security sincerity courage and it begins to tell you all of the things that you need to know all of the things that you need to understand in a way that you absolutely believe in order to process the coming events of your life in a whole new way. So that you can understand.

So that you can survive and you can. Thrive it's filled with a joy a sense of understanding and it says something else very very important to you it says by the way it teaches you at an unconscious level how to do this spinning. From. This.

Moment forward. So that you only get better at it with each coming year of your life from the time you're conceived through your childhood. Years you'll automatically start spinning everything in the right. Direction automatically letting your other than conscious mind reprocess whatever needs to happen amplifying the pleasure reprocessing the less than positive experiences that voice this absolute voice of trust guidance and.

Authority teaches you exactly how to do it in a way that you just get it and it says something else it says. I love you no. Matter where you go whatever you do no. Matter what life hands you.

I will always be there for you to hold your hand to advise you to give you that hug to tell you what a good person you really are. So that no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do you're always loved and you're never alone let the truth of that again notice where it starts in your body notice how it spins and how it starts to take on a life of its own and it starts to grow stronger stronger until it rewires everything about you suffuses you with the things you want things you need to know and as you begin to move forward through every level of your life your life notice how the events of your life and your perceptions of those events begins to change begins to transform how you've learned how to contact different levels of your body and mind how you've learn to program the future how you learn to clear out the blocks how to spin things in just the right.

Way feel yourself moving through every event of your life only at the rate and speed that it's right. For you letting the changes happen realizing it's just the beginning and. Then when you reach that moment in time moment in time now you begin to move forward into tomorrow and the day after and there are things that you want things that you want to create to manifest to have more of begin to create not just a picture. But most importantly the feelings associated with them and as you move into the future find that time and that place a week a year two years from now whatever it is and plug those images right.

Into that line of time feel those feelings. Ripple back all the way back to now connecting with everything from the moment of conception forward it's almost like you can see the path it's like your unconscious mind created a memory of the future that must happen because just like we program prr a. GPS when your unconscious mind creates something it must manifest it notice how your life has changed from this place notice how you view yourself notice how other people talk about you how they see you notice how your own personal truths have changed as a result of what you've learned and notice how much you want it because you've learned. So much and it's just the beginning spin them even stronger amplify the feelings feel it.

Ripple through every level of body and mind as you begin the. Journey. Back to the body realizing for all the right. Reasons that change is inevitable nothing left to do.

But sit back and enjoy the ride and remember the secret ingredient is action because the best. GPS in the world can't help you if you only stay in one spot as you get back to the now merging back into the body integrating fully only at the rate and speed that you know you've changed for all for the right. Reasons only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it allow your eyes. To open notice how the world has changed now just saying take your time come on back how many people need a cigarette did you have a good trip this means yes.

This means no. This means. I'm not back yet okay. Um couple of things everybody have a good time cool all right.

Couple things. I asked if you had a good time tonight please post positive wonderful glowing comments and things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time if you didn't enjoy what we did please post to somebody else's got a couple of things coming up for you guys some opportunities after many years of trial and error. I realized that not everybody in the world wants to be a hypnotherapist not not everybody in the world wants to go around waiting through other people's trash shoveling their and helping them get clear that's a special kind of stupid.

But it is at one level one of the most gratifying and humbling processes you can do to watch somebody's whole world change in a matter of moments there's nothing like it really isn't. So for those of you who want to take that a step further for those of you who want to become agents of change in the world we do offer uh obviously. I take clients obviously. I train.

I teach um. I'm going to talk to you about what. I call the on-ramp real quick by the way you probably guys really need to get more sugar and coffee in your systems you guys aren't aren't oxytocin out enough yet okay. We have different ways that that you can continue to interact and get involved we have uh a training it's our.

F it's a what we call real world hypnosis it's a little bit of a different approach training and certification that's 21st to the 25th it's a 5day certific ification course it's basically from beginner to expert in 5 days. I will take you. So far down the rabbit hole that when you come out you'll be in a completely different world okay. Because we demand that you go through all the change processes that you're going to be running people through okay.

If you're interested in this kind of work. I'm not going to go too much into it here because most of you that's not why you're here. But if you are see me after class and. I'll give you all the details on it what some of you may be interested in though and.

I think this is probably most of you will want to pay attention on. February 2 and 3rd did you guys really like what we did tonight would you like to take it even further yeah okay. The whole change process that. I.

I taught from today is called uh is called. Destiny by. Design or attractiv was the original term it's a seven-stage process that systematically removes all of your limiting beliefs repattern your neurology changes your identity the found foundations of your self-esteem and it gives you the tools to literally steal the genius of other people. So if there's somebody that you really admire somebody whose skills you just want to have we will teach you a process as part of this called.

Deep trans identification and it's a process whereby using mirror neurons and pro perception we can literally have you imprint onto yourself the skill sets the attitudes and beliefs of people who are excellent at what they do we teach you that after we've taught you how to remove your. M limiting beliefs how to program yourself do deep self hypnosis and even change yourself through your handwriting it's called graph therapy it's really cool okay. It's a seven stage process. I only taught this once actually twice.

First time. Jamon was there was about four years ago remember the self-esteem. Workshop we did right. And.

Then. I taught it one more time about a year and a half. Later to two people okay. And.

I taught that as more of a certification course where they could learn to do it this one's going to be a little bit different in this one. I'm going to teach it to you. I'm going to teach you the seven stages. I'm going to teach you how to do.

Unstoppable self-programming. I'm going to teach you how to rewire your neurology using your handwriting find every limiting belief you got nuke it change your self-esteem from the roots of conception forward and. Then. I'm going to do it to you.

I'm literally going to it's going to be done for you. So. I'm going to teach you how to do it. So you have the tools to program yourself for whatever you want you're going to practice it until you own the skills and.

Then. I'm going to do it to you. So obviously the class is going to have to be a little smaller to make sure everybody gets the tailoring that they need. But this is the.

First time. I've ever done an event like this where. I'm not only going to do it to you teach it to you. I'm going to do it to you all seven stages.

I'm just going to zap you okay. Last time. I taught this. I charged $1,997 for the two days and.

I didn't do it to them actually. I want up doing it to them because some of the stuff was a little complex it's much simpler now. I didn't know how to spin as much as. I did.

Then for those of you who want to get in. I'm not going to charge you that how much should. I charge you free $1 $1 are you worth a dollar is that all your work no. For those of you who want to get in after $497 two days.

I charge $350 an hour clinically by by the way in case you didn't know that. But you know what. I'm in a good mood. I'm going to give you guys a really special gift.

But you have to take advantage of it before you walk out of here today. February 2nd and 3rd full days no. Waffling no. Wimping out.

Sunday and. Monday by the way no. It isn't according to my calendar really yeah. I did it again damn it.

But what's the. Saturday and. Sunday before that. First and.

Second. First and. Second oh okay. That's what.

I did. So. First and. I had one day right.

Don't trust any math. I. Do by the way my math sucks anybody wants to get in on this by the way one of the reasons that. I'm charging.

So little for this is because. I'm going to turn it into a product. I'm going to sell it probably online for 7 800 bucks. So.

I can tell you that during this event. I'm going to pull out all the stops not just because. I want to make sure you guys get the changes. But because.

I need something that. I can give to people and have them do the changes if you sign up before you leave you get the whole thing for 197 bucks um for those of you who where's my there was some papers that uh with uh some pictures on it that. I handed out did anybody see those this is where. I get the big fly in the ointment.

I have a.
