Title: Mind Control Skills: Winning An Argument, Interview Skills and Psychological Tips for Closing Sales
File Name: 6qdHy4yRZa8.txt
Video Id: 6qdHy4yRZa8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qdHy4yRZa8

Can you guys see me now okay. I think well. I think what's happening is that there are. So many people jumping on that it might be slowing that it might be it might be glitching us a little bit.

But we we tested this software rigorously that yesterday and today. So we should be good well actually you're not wrong. Roger it is kind of a metaphor and how we start blindly. So.

First of all let me just say thank you and and welcome to our secrets of human influence masterclass before. I go into the formal presentation a couple of things that. I would like to get out of the way like. I said before please type in where you're checking in from and if you're a first-time viewer or not and the reason that.

I asked that is because the more. I know about the people in my audience the more. I can tailor the information to you a lot of my my webinar students are multiple viewers in other words they've become lifelong learners and students in. NLP power and what.

I lovingly call planet. David and. So many times. I have a a no.

One gets left behind policy which means. I'm going to teach material that is geared towards the level of the people in the room. So if. I have a lot of beginners we're going to start at the very bottom if.

I have all you know expert or seasoned people. I'm gonna. I'm going to modify content and. I reserve the right.

To modify content for you based on the feedback that. I get. I'm an instructor who thrives a lot on interactiveness with my audience and a lot of people like that. But there's a lot of people who may find it a little frustrating because sometimes the information that we cover isn't always linear does that make sense if that if you give you cat if you caught that if you get that go ahead and type that in the chat for me.

So. I can see okay. Cool. So the other thing is is that we have those of you who are first-timers you're actually quite lucky because we have a huge amount of people in in on the webinar today who are not.

First time or two actually take in our courses taking these these materials out into the field and use them and have proven it to themselves which is why they're back. So even though. I'm going to be teaching you a lot about the things that they already know and. I'm going to tell you.

I mean obviously. I'm an instructor. So. I believe that everything.

I'm teaching you works and if. I tell you it works obviously. I'm biased because. I'm the presenter right.

But these people on the webinar with you your compatriots aren't they've taken the stuff out they feel tested it they've used it and because they've done that because they feel tested it because they've used it they can give you feedback and they can give you feedback in real time while. I'm constrained to following the the outline of today's webinar which by the way is going to be either rather fluid. So let me just get a couple other administrative things out. I'll jump into the primary focus of today which is my basic presentation.

But today's webinar is going to follow a specific format. I'm going to take you as far as. I can and the time. I have.

I'm going to give you as much information as. I can ok. And. Then.

I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go for more is that a fair trade. First of all just type in the chat room if you think that's that's fair trade and you're ok. With that cool that being said obviously. I do have an offer available for you at the end of this webinar and you're going to want to stay on till the end of the webinar because here's how we do things here at.

NOP. Phi we do it a little bit differently than the traditional webinar format. First that's thing that's gonna happen is. I'm going to tell you a little bit about me.

So you guys have a little bit understanding where. I come from what my my background is. Then. I'm going to talk to you about a little bit about an overview of what we're going to cover.

Then. I'm going to ask you some very specific questions that are directly relevant to the content. I'm going to teach you in this webinar and. Then based on what you tell me and what the answers you give me to those questions are.

I'm going to customize the content of this webinar. So that it more perfectly fits what you're asking about chances are the things. I have. I have already selected that really you will be directly related to the questions cuz we've been doing this a long time ok.

I'm going to teach for 45 minutes to almost an hour at which point. I'm going to segue. I'm going to share with you the training package we put together for you. I'm going to go through that as thoroughly as.

I can and. Then when. Matt is over with. I'm going to come back and.

I'm going to continue to teach. So for those of you who've locked out 90 minutes for this training you will have a good chunk of stuff that you can take away as well as an understanding of what we're offering you to take your training further within 90 minutes for those of you who want to go deep into more content. Then. I will teach.

I will continue to teach until. I've covered the material that you guys have asked about or you know we've hit that three or four hour mark and people are just kind of dropping off um. But again we are you know our job here is to give you something today that you can use to give you something that sorry. I got distracted by a message to give you something that you can you don't have to believe anything.

I'm about to share with you on this on this webinar all you have to do is take the pieces that. I give you go out into the field and use it and prove this method this material to yourself okay. The things. I'm going to share with you will not seem like they're as powerful as.

I described believe me or not when. I tell you that they are ask the people who've done them in the webinar. I'm telling them if what. I'm sharing with with you is fact in terms of their experience.

So a couple of things my name is. David. Schneider this is a webinar that focuses on human influence the ability to win a job interview to close a sale to make people like love and trust you in sometimes as little as twenty minutes how to win an argument when you need to and it's going to come they're all going to start from the same foundation. But a few things you should know about moi as a presenter.

First and foremost. I like to have fun okay. And that's the. First big secret when we start talking about you human beings have a natural filter a natural defense system set up against unwanted in against unwanted persuasion the way that you get around those filters is through joy through fun through pleasure okay.

There's two ways that you can persuade people on an emotional level and everything that we're going to talk about today is a combination of neuroscience and emotional influence human beings do not make decisions based on facts although they love to believe that they do okay. They love to believe that when you present them a list of facts and figures that they're gonna look. At that and that's going to tell them what's right. And what works that's not how it works they look.

At those facts and figures they compare to an internal checklist of what's important in their world on an emotional level they have a feeling about it and. Then they make the decision based on that feeling. So everything human beings do is in response to a feeling. So.

I want you to be as playful and fun loving and easygoing and have a just let's see what happens energy is humanly possible. Camille says hi. David. I've become.

Austin. Powers for this week and to see people's reactions my mom hates me now yeah baby yeah okay. Couple other things. First of all if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next ninety two minutes to three or four hours okay. My intention is never to to alienate people or to offend people. But. I do have a tendency to provoke a lot of human beings which therapeutically speaking is a very good thing we'll talk about therapeutic applications of this stuff a little further down the line if that's something you want to do okay.

In any case a couple of things this means yes. This means no. There will be a test. Later this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh [ __ ]. I hope he doesn't call me. Next now this we resume room.

I would actually be looking at you guys in. Brady. Bunch mode and. Thank.

You. Johnny. I'm sorry your lesson here. First thing didn't go through.

I know. I can't see you. Seth. But.

I'm imagining that. I can that's one of the reasons that. I can relate to all of you. So powerfully in our secrets of human influence program our.

CPI system and our killer influence program one of the things that we teach people to do is to connect with people remotely on a kinesthetic vibrational neurological level and leverage that connection to prime people to respond to you in a very deep and powerful way we won't be covering that directly on this webinar. But everything that you're going to be teaching we're going to be learning in this webinar presupposes that that's going on even without it though the technologies. I'm going to share with you are going to be amazingly powerful for you if and only if you wrap up the bright. Attitude around it and you go out into the world and see what happens when you use it okay.

That being said my front my commitment once again is once. I figure out from your interactions and talking to me what is most important to you in terms of the content of this webinar. I'm going to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and.

I'm going to show you where to go for more if that's ok. With you and is that ok. Please verify and validate my ego by typing yes. In the chatroom that's okay.

Somebody said. I want to take a look. At your books well to be honest guys this is not my only bookshelf if you were actually in the room with me you would be surrounded by bookshelves okay. And that's still only maybe 75% of the information that.

I pulled from when. I create these courses and. I have to be honest the information that. I'm sharing with you.

I did not create it for you. I created the information. I'm sharing with you for me many many years ago to solve the problems. I had in my life and.

I've been using them consistently since them and put them together to create the life of my dreams and and as. I went through my journey with this journey we call life. I discovered that many people many of the people on this webinar in fact have a lot of the same goals and desires and dreams and aspirations that. I have and a hat and a lot of them have accomplished and course the more a little more other things you in life that you get the more you can see where you want to go.

Next. So not being said are you guys ready to play type in the chat room if you're ready to play and. I will be hopping back and forth between. David you know face mode and.

PowerPoint mode. I'm not someone who really likes a lot of. PowerPoint work. I find it [ __ ] boring to be honest.

But sometimes it's it's easier to see things. I'll also be jumping off during the webinar and actually typing things out in my. OneNote. So you can see them live as we're doing it.

So. I try to be as interactive as possible even within a webinar format like this for and just a little one more thing in terms of the material that we're going to be covering everything. I teach you whether it's just echo technique whether it's any of the reframe patterns or the sleight of mouth patterns that we do whether it's three magic questions or criterion values emotional bonding processes for every technique that you get from me if you really want to own it you must read it you must write it and you must speak it if you really want to get the hypnotic powers through your through your filters of your system and into your neurology you must bring it in through as many modalities as possible one of the problems that people have when they're trying to learn things like hypnotic language patterns is the pattern that they're trying to learn is actually by its very nature overwhelms their auditory system and creates spontaneous amnesia when you use it. So if you just listen to it by the time you listen to it you've forgotten it it makes it very very difficult to to learn it.

But if you want to learn hypnotic language powerfully either in. CPI or killer influence or in the secrets of human influence ultra persuasion program we're talking about today the home study course. Then you've got to read it you've got to look. At it you've got to write it and you've got to speak it that's the magic okay.

If you try hey you're going to be struggling for years to get something as simple as an awareness adverb an awareness presupposition it's just going it's just not going to stick for you. Carol three magic questions is a conversational framework that we'll discuss. Later it's part of the. CPI and killer influence human in its part it's it's a very intrinsic part.

But it's a small part of the entire system and that's the other thing if the scope of everything we could talk about is is this we have time for this even even if. I when. I if. I extend the webinar this is all we got.

So once again you don't have to answer this one again. But and. I'm going to show you where to go for more if that's okay. Okay.

So that being said. I'm going to jump to. PowerPoint mode and. I will.

I will. I will try to like not be there as long as you know as much as. I can. But at the end of the day it's really whatever makes you help you learn better is what.

I'm willing to do. So alright. Ready let's rock okay. So application window and boom okay.

So. First and foremost who the hell is. David stab dr. David.

Schneider and why should. I care hey are you guys seeing this okay. Because. I'm not hold on a.

Second guys hold on a. Second. I'm getting a message all right. For some reason my my screen is not sharing all right.

Well if that's the case. Then. I you get to look. At my lovely face while while.

I talk to you. So who is dr. David. Schneider and why should.

I care. First and foremost. Second or some reason we're not might. I have a doctorate in oriental medicine from.

Pacific. College of. Oriental. Medicine.

I've been an act. I've been a practicing acupuncturist and diplomate of oriental medicine since 2005. I have a practice here in. Solana.

Beach where we specialized in treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So while many people are you know many people are poking in terms of their hypnotherapy. I'm also a certified hypnotist a master hypnotist. I'm.

Sol. I scence. NLP trainer and. Then this year and.

I'll go through that in a minute. But our specialty clinically is dealing with physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion. So many neuro linguistic programming and hypnotherapist focus on dealing with issues like behavioral issues mostly with weight loss smoke cessation nail biting things like that we spend a lot of time dealing with the heavy duty stuff that stuff that hat is is directly a result of repressed emotion and. So like cancers multiple sclerosis.

Parkinson's scoliosis herpes outbreaks you know things that that that people wouldn't think of as being largely emotional and yet the science is showing us and real studies old studies have shown us that seven and eight out of ten things that a person goes to a doctor's office for are actually emotionally based yeah. So. I've been recognized as one of the world's leading authorities and experts on specialized human influence technologies. I've personally trained members of the legal profession law enforcement entertainment martial arts technologies for peak performance and persuasion.

I've been working non-stop since the my early days in. Act. Nouriel medicine to bring up the skills of people in the you know in the hypnosis profession and this would be much easier for me if. I actually was shown you my powerpoints that.

I've having to look. At you. But that's okay. That's unusual that.

I'm actually bitching that. I don't have a. PowerPoint this year 2020. I was named a number one.

NLP trainer in the world by global gurus org and my my course killer influence which will hear me referencing today was actually named the number one. NLP training course by my peers in the world also through global gurus org. I have in in terms of other things. I have.

Thank. You. Julie. Julie just voted.

Julie voted for me. I have a 10th degree black belt in the martial arts specifically riku. Kempo. I also have a board three black belt in an art called.

Shaolin couldn't tell which is kind of a hybrid art a. Second degree black belt in coach. Ocampo and a. First degree black belt in fong kuru jiu-jitsu.

I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema single mandalas crema modern are nice things that aren't necessarily listed on my curriculum with time for this webinar. But things that are directly relevant to what we're going to be talking about. I've been a.

Reiki. Master since 97 since 95 actually since before. Reiki was cool. I've been studying kabbalah and various forms of metaphysics since before madonna started studying kabbalah.

So. I'm very much a prima donna. I'm a certified pranic healer a pranic psychotherapist. I'm certified in the.

Bankston energy healing system. I'm certified in the. DNA theta healing systems. I've been studying many forms of medical.

Qi. Gong in fact. I'm doing a very intensive course right. Now in in medical.

Qi. Gong. So basically. I have more energy healing credentials than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers and. So when people look. At all the things that. I do and what's important on on my mind curricula bataya people are going to people ask well what the hell does that have to do with with human influence and the short answer is everything and.

I say everything because if you look. At all of these disciplines that. I've mentioned that. I've talked to you about.

Marshall arts and energy work and. NLP and hypnosis and if you look. At them from the bird's eye view what you see what you see is that they all have patterns in common and the idea of being able to recognize patterns of influence patterns of behavior patterns of movement patterns of thought and when you start to take a hermetic view which is something. I've been a student of for a very very long time and you go even to a higher mental level in terms of that you see that many of these patterns even though they have different contexts have the same structure and this and a connection to them.

So most of my life has been spent unpacking and looking at these patterns of structure of thought of speech of behavior and finding ways to systematize them and use them in a way that allows us to predict human behavior to analyze it and to know what buttons to press at the right. Time to get the responses from the people and the situations that we want them to get and. I've taken those processes and over the years. I've distilled them down into a system that works for me that is for me is proven to be very user friendly.

I've said. I've shifted through a lot of grabbed a lot of a lot of you know weird stuff to find those radioactive gold nuggets and what. I found when. I collected enough of those nuggets was that they were kind of more like they weren't really nuggets in the sense of like you pick up a piece of rock on the ground they were more like.

Legos and those. Legos those super powerful pieces from all these different systems they would fit to get a fit together like. Legos do and you could put them together in any configuration that you want it and. So.

I've devoted and dedicated my life to taking these. Legos for lack of a better word and building things out things that are useful things that get people more of what they want and. So that's where we're going today. So this class is for you if you know exactly how to influence human behavior if you want to learn how to become more attractive to other people to cause people to like and trust you to to make people believe what you say and do what you want if you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life believe it or not this is a good place for you to be if you'd like to make more money from your job.

But more clients for your business get that raise or promotion that you know you deserve. But maybe somebody just not seeing the you that you want them to see this is a good place for you to be if like many of my students you want to protect yourself from manipulators and handle difficult people easily this is probably a good place for you to spend some time okay. Again job interviews one of the things that a lot of mice. I tell my students and a lot of them call [ __ ] on me until they actually go out and do it is that a lot of the people who study the materials on this webinar and.

Then went out and used it actually wound up getting hired for jobs that they weren't qualified for even even when they were going up against very very highly skilled and and well resourced candidates. So this isn't powerful stuff if you're if you're a mother or a father or you have a difficult spouse if you'd like to you'd like to inspire your employees to do what you want when you want them to do it this is probably a good use of your time if you take the material to go out and use it okay. So again and you don't have to have any any particular any previous knowledge of how this stuff works for it to work for you one of the cool things about human influence is that in the realm of persuasion and influence even a little bit of information will go a long long way if you apply it properly now that being said. I have to.

I have to caution you a little bit because the things. I'm going to share with you in this webinar are ridiculously simple. But they're also ridiculously powerful and because they're truly powerful they do have the potential to be misused. So.

I'm going to share these things with you in the spirit of giving good stuff to good people who are going to go out and do good things with it right. And if you if you wrap your your mind around that that that philosophy. Then you'll never have to worry about being caught you'll never have to worry about doing something unethical or sleazy or slimy you'll never have to be looking over your shoulder to see who's coming after you because you stay felt like you screw them there are those useful things to have yes. Sir yes.

Cool all right. These are all things that are powerful those of you who have been through the bid through some of these and lent some of these materials type in your experiences in the chat. So people can kind of see where where this stuff starts okay. Okay.

So again if he's my personal promise to you if you stay to the end is. First of all. I'm gonna at some point. I'm just gonna jump off.

I'm going to run through the offer that. I'm sharing with you and. Then. I'm gonna come back.

I'm going to continue teaching. So if you stay at the end you're gonna learn the most powerful indirect way to make people like love and trust you you're gonna learn how to have people hanging on your every word how to win any arguments or job interview by learning how to emotionally bond human beings to the things you offer to make them seriously want to do the things that you want them to do because doing what you want is actually in their best interest from their perspective we're gonna teach you how to go from you know interesting information which is what most people do when they come onto a webinar they're just looking for the information to in a master of unstoppable persuasion. So that's that's my goal for you today. So my question for you now is in the chatroom.

So. I can see it what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn type. I'm going to take a few minutes. I'm going to look.

At what you're typing in the chat room and. Then let me see here. So we've got ankle language raising self-concept be trusted how to close a sale how to learn how to better serve others how to put this all together state control actually credit gets increased energy conversational copywriting state control putting and all the other banks be a better coach healer okay. Live better with a narcissistic whatsoever okay.

So some of these things are going by pretty quick. But. I do see. I starting to see a theme be a good trainer it's just at the right.

Time okay. So here's the. First thing whatever it was that you typed in the chat room this is the. First piece okay.

Whatever it was that you typed in the chat room. I want you to write that in front of by the way. I hope you're taking notes. I hope you're taking notes because believe it or not you're actually gonna have to do some work in this webinar if you want to own it okay.

Write down what you wrote in the what you typed in the chat and under that. I want you to type what's important about whatever it was you wrote in the chat to you personally. I'm not going to look. At it.

But. I want you to answer that question and write that out right. Out based on what you typed in the chat room what's important to you about that okay. This is your.

First piece okay. Everything human beings do is in response to a feel it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less up okay. But we have to drill down from their surface language the words coming out of their mouth which are important we'll talk about that too what's below the surface okay. This is part of what we call your emotional bonding checklist.

So. I again. I'm not going to ask what's important you know when you answer the question what's important about. I don't need to know that.

But you do okay. Once you've written your answer just type in the chat room done and. I'll ask you in that question cool now under will under your answer to the. First question ask yourself again what's important about the answer you gave to the.

First question. I just write it out okay. Now you may notice something interesting happened when you start to write it out there might be a part of you that says that's not quite right. You might find yourself editing a little bit that's okay.

Too. But trust your. First response food sex survival for about okay. I'm you don't need that you don't need to type it in the chat this is for you okay.

Unless you want everybody on the planet to know what's what your hot buttons are leave after the. First time. I asked you this leave that stuff private okay. And.

Then write down this question ultimately if you were to get the answer to your. First question and. Then you got the answer to your. Second question ultimately what would that allow you to do and what's important about that write that out for me when you've got that write it type done in the chat done okay.

So as. I begin to go through this process with you. I want you to simply automatically relate everything. I'm teaching you to getting those desires understand that everything.

I'm going to share with you on this webinar will allow you to experience ever-increasing levels of those things that you've written down. So as you link the things that are most important to you to the techniques within this webinar you'll feel good about going out into the world with a fun playful attitude and watching it happen is that okay. Is that okay. I'm bad all right.

Very cool. So let's go ahead and go back to that's not. I'm hitting the wrong buttons on my on my powerpoint all right. So let me see if.

I can let me go back to let's try something weird here all right. So you guys still see me right. You guys still see me yes. Let me see if.

I can share my screen now because. I really want to share my screen still not sharing well since for some reason my screen isn't sharing. I'm just going to write. I want you to take your piece of paper out.

I want you to number at 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 what. I'm going to share with you is the skeleton of the. CPI killer influencer system this is called the universal persuasion protocol okay. And the way this works.

Next to heading 0. I want you to write know your outcome. K a know your outcome before you enter any form of human influence situation whether it's a dating context a sales context a negotiation mediation context ok. So you're seeing my screen are you seeing my screen or my face because my version of the webinar is showing me me all right.

You know that's fine as long as you can write this stuff down you're fine okay. The universal persuasion protocol is a formula that you follow going back to the. First heading 0 know your outcome before you enter any form of human interaction you've got to know what you want and specifically the benchmarks by which you know you're getting it ok. Now.

NLP has some very comprehensive and sometimes complicated protocols for defining an outcome you don't need to go that far you just need to know what you want and the benchmarks that let you know you're getting it what are you gonna see what you're gonna hear what are you gonna smell what are you gonna taste those that's good enough and the reason for that is is that if you've ever had a conversation with another human being especially in their natural habitat you may have realized that people segue people change the topic of conversation people come from out of nowhere and ask questions that have nothing to do with what you're talking about and because of that persuasion and the art of human influence the art of human communication is like a stormy sea we're put you know the winds blowing you this way the currents putting that way the waves are knocking you in a different direction. But if you have that outcome if you know what it is you want to achieve and you can see that outcome no. Matter where in that ocean or those winds take you you can course correct and find your way back to where you're going one of my mentors used to say people who go into a interaction with the with it without an outcome won't usually wind up with something else other than what they wanted okay. So sometimes your outcome is simply to make a friend sometimes it's to to create a romantic partner sometimes it's to create a business you got to know what you want and how you're getting it the.

First part of that the. First part of that this is. Next to number one on your sheet is control your state control your state if you cannot control your state it will be controlled for you if you can't control your state you're at the mercy of any influence that the other people exert on you okay. The way we define state control in the killer influence and.

CPI systems is the ability to enter or exit any cycle emotional state at will on demand okay. Once you can do that the. Next part you want to do once you've got your state controlled is you've got to get report kinesthetic neurological entrainment with the meat in front of you because when you get the meat you get the mind okay. Now rapport is a little bit different in our system than it is taught in.

NLP or it's taught in most of your sales and marketing systems our rapport is biological and it's based on the laws of physics. So some good places to check out the science behind what we do and how we do it like. I said we don't have time to cover it today for those of you who are familiar with the the. CPI our killer influence systems you've been thoroughly drilled in those modules and know how to do that for those of you who don't the.

Next opportunity you have to jump into that training go ahead and do that now we don't we don't teach those particular skills to state control and the bridging drills that we're talking about to the general public those are kind of our secret sauce that we kind of keep behind the kind of windows. But those of you who've been been through the training. So we're in the chat go ahead and share that share your experiences with them and let them know how powerful it is. But you're going to control your state you're going to get rapport rapport is number two okay.

So zero is no. Your outcome one is control your state two is get rapport three is use your language and when. I talk about using your language what. I mean is you use whatever specific language techniques that you have if you're a certified neuro-linguistic program and you have you know the whole.

Milton model set of language patterns to pull from use that if you're a skilled debater and/or an attorney who's familiar with rhetoric and you have those skills those are the skills that you use if all you have is the echo technique which you're going to over learn in today's webinar that's what you use and by the way for those of you who aren't familiar with echo technique the echo technique is the single most powerful linguistic tactic on the planet because when you use it. Appert it's literally the back door to a person's nervous system and and it's like a bump key to their thoughts their feelings their emotions their desires it's crazy how much how much these the echo technique process and the process of using the echo technique does for you okay. So again what. I'm giving you is a formula that you follow in the order you need to apply them.

So the. First thing you're going to apply is know your outcome the. Second thing is going to be control your state. Second is going to be our.

Third is going to be getting rapport using your language pattern manage their state jump into their process link to their criteria and values well you know if you've numbered your if you've numbered your sheet the way. I told you. I said zero through six if you've numbered it that way and you've been following me along. Then reporters number two you following me camille or head right.

Can. I rewind. So. First and foremost if you just take know your outcome is stepping by itself if.

I could show you my diagram this would actually be easier let me see if. I can do that really quick without screwing too many things up hold on a. Second all right. So.

I'm gonna go ahead and get key okay. Can you see it now. I don't see it on my now we're not going to do this through zoom. Brian.

I can't. I can't jump halfway through a webinar do that if we were doing this right. At the beginning that would be different. But that's all right.

It must have something to do with the amount of people on because we we we jump we pressure tested this thing left and right. All day today. Anyway. So know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject managing the state of the subject is different than controlling your own state the only person you will ever have complete control over is you.

But with the tools that you're learning you have a lot of power to manage the emotional and cognitive states of the people you're interacting with. So you're going to use your state control your rapport and your language to manage the state of the subject the subject being the client the juror the judge the interviewer whoever it is you use those three elements controlling your state getting rapport using your language okay. You follow it in that order okay. It's a recipe you use the ingredients that you have in the order.

I give them to you once you have the state control down you've gotten rapport you're using your language you're managing the state of the person you're interacting with the. Next thing you're going to do is you're going to jump into their process now when human beings make decisions they do it on multiple levels simultaneously one is the emotional impact or the emotional checklist that they have okay. Another part of that process that they are that pattern that they use is a structure and a sequence of parts of their brain that light up kind of like a firing sequence or a combination lock and when you you stimulate the parts of their brain in that sequence they take similar behaviors okay. The nice thing about the training you're going to get today is that one simple technique will allow you to do five out of the six things that.

I'm teaching you once you jump into that process and you fit your message to their process doing what you want them to do is almost a default behavior for them. But you're going to take all that and you're going to emotionally bond them to what is emotionally and driving them to grab the product service or you in this case that they want you're going to emotionally bond them to what you want. So if we were to actually give you the universal persuasion protocol. First thing after you know your outcome is you're going to control your state you're going to get report you're going to use your language you're going to manage their state and you're going to jump into their process and you're going to emotionally bond or link to their criteria and values did everybody write that down.

I just gave you a massive nugget the reason we call this the universal persuasion protocol is because it allows you to deliver the maximum amount of influence in any context where you can speak sometimes when you can't. But mostly we're talking about spoken context well it doesn't matter if you're in front of an auditorium of a thousand people if you're in a one-on-one situation with a prospective client whether you're in the bar room the court room the bedroom the treatment room the classroom this process will automatically cause people to become hyper responsive and as a byproduct of this compliant to what you want them to do you'll be able to deliver very very powerful direct and indirect suggestions that cause people to become emotionally bonded to what you're presenting okay. And the best part is they'll be due it'll happen in such a way that they feel tremendously good they feel like you truly know them and understand their needs and you will probably better than anybody they never talk to and they will it will forge a connection with them that they will move heaven and earth to keep okay. But again it's it's just as easy for con men to use this protocol as it is good good.

Samaritans or therapists and healers and that's why where you come from what this information is vitally important if for no. Other reason than learning how to protect yourself against people who are using it unethically or inappropriately okay. Hold on a. Second okay.

So are we clear about the universal persuasion protocol no. Brian this the way. I teach it it's net you'll you'll never have to rely on anything that's on it you'll never have to lie cheat steal or be unethical in any way and that's the beauty of what we're going to be sharing with you because neurologically speaking this is the most desirable form of communication that a given beam can experience. Paul is asking me to please restate.

Paul can you react your questions. So. I can restate it for you. Gomora is asking my fiancee have created the connection now it's amazing and it's true yes.

Cool. I left off at 4 which. I said managed their state jump into their process link to their criterion values okay. It's a six stage process starts with presupposes you know what you want to achieve you're going to control your state you're gonna get rapport you're going to use your language you're going to manage their state you're going to jump into their process you're going to link to their criteria and values okay.

Again like. I said before we don't have time to cover every single one of these these individually today if you come to a live event or get our one of our home study programs if you'll be able to get a deep dive and you'll work with me personally to get this stuff in you. But we're going to give you some super gold solid gold radioactive nuggets today. But this is the whole system in terms of the linguistic component now.

CPI and killer influence both start here and. Then they go in very different directions okay. Are we cool is this good. So far are you learning anything excellent excellent very good all right.

So now going back to the questions. I asked you before going back to the questions. I asked you before what do you want to get from today's training what's important about that if you got that what would be important to you about that if you got that what would be important about that what. I just did with you is step number six it's the emotional bonding process and it was this it was that simple that's all you have to do when you want to begin to emotionally bond.

P to your product or service now how many of you noticed and again. I'm we have interesting our webinar today how many of you noticed when you were writing down and drilling down on the what's important part as you were writing it as you were writing it how many of you started to feel emotional type in the chat room yes. Or no. For a hunger in some cases for for those things type it in the chat are we having a lag okay.

Okay. This is where it becomes really really important okay. This process will work in any context the only thing you have to do once you know and formation is keep them bonded to your only. First of all let's let's take a a business interaction let's talk about horny thanks for sure.

Lily okay. Hammett did all of you do the exercise did all of you do the exercise did you write down what you wanted from this webinar what's important about that if you were to get that what's important about that and ultimately if you got those two things what would that do for you what's important about that if you did that what you just learned is everything you need to know to emotionally to elicit the emotional drivers behind anyone's behavior the magic question and. I'm going to type this in your chat is what is important about and whatever whatever it is they're coming to you for if they're coming to you to buy a new house you want to ask them what's important to you about the perfect house they're coming to you for insurance you can ask them well let me ask just. So.

I understand you better what's important about the right. Insurance policy for you what's that gonna do for you and what's important about that when you ask that question how can you integrate this into your music. Brian it's gonna take a little bit of linguistic wizardry to work it into music okay. But it can be done because.

I do it when. I'm doing public speaking talking to large groups okay. Again can't. I can't.

Brian. I can't cover it on this webinar we go off and go a rabbit hole that most people wouldn't wouldn't recover from. But you have to give you a real quick idea you have to speak in very global terms okay. You have to say you know there's something you've always wanted inside of inside of you and as you think about that with me you'll realize the good thing we have right.

Is it's it's it's it's it's as simple in terms of that okay. Oh you want to come to a live event. Michael. I'll show you exactly how to apply this to martial art straining okay.

And this particular component the. Marshall in terms of martial arts goes to desire getting somebody fired up and wanting to do something okay. Remember these there's there's many different layers to a person's decision-making process and this is the one that drives everything though everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they whole want a whole lot less of okay. Like my typing didn't come through really all right.

Well let me type it again. I wanna say what. Oh doofus. David didn't click the send button my bad sorry guys what not your perfect webinar spokesman right.

Okay. Good see. I'm uh not technically savvy as you might say. So is this useful.

So far as it's been something that you think he can take out into the field and use cool all right. So let me ask you a question are you excited about what you've learned. So far cool excellent would you like to take it further again. Brian you know in terms of again the the global terms process requires you to have a little bit more knowledge of link language tactics and language techniques.

Then you know we were going to cover in this class. But again it's it's all about asking questions now one of the things that happens when you engage in this emotional bonding process and we've covered the biggest piece of it which is the elicitation of the information. But when you do that you generate a relationship between you and the other person between you and the other person okay. So it's 454 now what.

I'd like to do is. I'm going to teach this. But about another six minutes and. Then if it's okay.

With you. I'm going to jump into the program that we're offering as part of this webinar it's a one-time-only offer and. Then. I'm going to go through that as thoroughly as.

I can and as quickly as. I can and the time that we have and. Then. I'm going to come back and.

I'm going to kind of. I'm going to cover echo technique and how to how to kind of put these things together and. Then. I'm going to directly answer any other questions that you have that.

I can that. I can answer in the time we had is that fair okay. All right. So getting back to this universal persuasion protocol control your state get rapport use your language manage your state jump into the process link to their criterion values when we talk about criteria and values we're talking about beliefs a person has about what's right.

And desirable in the world the three question process. I just led you through is exactly how you tap into those beliefs now sometimes when you ask what's important about. X. Y.

Z they may give you an answer that seems a little bit vague or in terms of how you know when you're getting it and that's the secondary question whenever somebody gives you an answer that seems a little too vague you want to ask the. Next question is what's important about what is in. I'm sorry not what is important about that was the. First one how do you know.

So if someone says they say what's important about the perfect house how do you know when you've got the perfect house you might say well how do you know how do you know when you've got the perfect house well. I know it's perfect if. I've got it's got a big kitchen and three bathrooms and it's near a good school and it's got a huge backyard now what they've just given you in that moment this is where it's important for those of you who are business oriented actually as any of you. But this is the piece that most people a lot of people in the clinic when they take traditional.

NLP training they learn about criterion values. But they don't learn it practically and they don't learn the other side of it and that is the how do you know question you see human beings when when they're putting together their values which that most people aren't even conscious of their values there's a checklist that generates a body feeling and they give that body feeling the name when you ask what's important about. X whatever that situation is they're going to give you the name of the feeling does that make sense they're going to give you the name of the feeling what what and sometimes as a byproduct of that they'll also give you the checklist. Leslie's calling an evidence procedure.

But many times they won't and. So you know if you ask somebody what's important about the right. Kind of food they say that. I get a lot of fruit well fruit could means a lot of different things to a lot of different people that person in their mind when they say the word fruit they may be they may be thinking in their head and orange.

But if you and. So if you hand them an apple they're like. I don't want that you ever give something to somebody that you thought was exactly what they and you found out they were talking about something completely different that's what this. Second question avoids and a lot and tells you exactly what to talk about.

So this is really important for those of you who do any kind of selling the act of asking what's important about is going to generate the name of the feeling they get when they have with what's on the checklist the how do you know question gives you the checklist does that make sense it gives you the checklist right. Matt. Michael says my wife gave me a hard time because of it this is where a lot of miscommunications in couples and anyone start is because people think they're talking about the same thing one of the problem or common teaching examples that. I use is a man and a woman are talking and you ask that person nice person a whether it's male or female it doesn't really matter you ask person a what's important to you about what's important to you about a relationship what do you absolutely have to have in the right.

Relationship for you that is like not negotiable and person a says well respect. I gotta have respect and this person here said well how do you know how do you know when you're being respected person a says well. I know you respect me when you tell me the truth doesn't matter whether you hurt you know you don't you don't mince words you tell me the truth cuz. I need you here regardless of whether you know it's gonna hurt my feelings you tell me the truth right.

Now person. B how to eat what's important to you in a relationship person. B says respect person a said well how do you know how do you know when you're getting respect person. B says.

I know that you respect me when you tell me the truth and you do it in a way that takes my feelings into account you do it in a way that doesn't hurt my feelings okay. Now what do you think happens when these two people get in a disagreement what do you think happens. I've been in a jack yeah and yet and each person each person is saying you don't respect me they're using that word respect back and forth. But underneath the surface they're feeling disrespected because it's beings that respect is being served to them in a way they can't recognize in a way that actually causes them to feel disrespected this is why the howdy and no.

Question is. So. So important in any context where there's any kind of vagary. So you can see you can sit you can frame it as simple as well you know respect means a lot of things to a lot of different people.

So just. So. I understand you better. I'm curious how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need right.

And they're gonna give you a checklist a list of elements that you have to do or say or be or behave or give them that generates that feeling that they consider respect this is going to be true guys and gals this is going to be true in everything human beings have checklists and and and labels for everything they do everything you have them your friends have them the people you hate have them there's only two questions. Brian what's important about. X and how do you know right. Now putting the lid on this piece before we jump jump to to.

Nate's offer and. Then. I'm going to come back and. I'm going to teach you echo technique and.

I'm actually going to teach you another aspect that we're going to talk about called sleight of mouth a little bit where. I'm talking about that. I just lost my train of thought how do you what's important about everybody has it okay. So when we're talking about a business context okay.

The moment you've got their criterion values in other words the labels the names that they use for the things that are most important to them you use those words as much as you can and link them to your product or service okay. Once you understand their personal words you no. Longer use your own words you use theirs and every time that you use their words that little feeling you had when you were reading your your list to yourself or writing it out you're gonna feel it in fact you can a can't you can't hear them say the words you wrote down to yourself and notice what you have what happens to your body every time you read them out loud to yourself just take a minute read those out loud to yourself and notice what happens to the feelings in your body what do you notice type in the chat what you noticed we look. At more horny happy right.

Now here's the magic of this happiness tingly excitement they get stronger now here's the best part who are the people looking at when you're saying those words to them they're looking at time right. I don't know why. I'm gone it must be just refresh. Deb because everything seems to work and fine because.

I have several monitors running the webinar it seems to hear they're looking at you when those good feelings come up. So what automatically happens is you link those positive feelings to the person you're looking at that's looking at you or you're looking at automatically you get you get put into the category of this is good this is what. I want this gets me happiness right. That's what you're doing that's what makes it.

So powerful because everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want moreover a feeling they want a whole lot less of does that make sense r0. I guess asked what programs of yours would you recommend in regards to those global terms from earlier though the optimal for those of you who are looking to do presentations to large groups and there is a way. I want to say let me go back to uh speaker mode there is a way to to tap into the criterion values of large groups the optimal training funnel for that we'll just start with. CPI level one killer influence and.

Then graduate up to. CPI level four. CPI level four is at not at presentation skills it's a it's the ability to deliver the. CPI model to a large group of people at one time and actually link to their criterion values to tell very powerful and compelling stories to to have very good stagecraft and command presence in front of a large audience not everybody needs that level of skill set.

I do because of what. I do for a living. But most people can get away with. CPI one or killer influence.

But for those who are influence professionals and we're all influence professionals to some degree it's just a question of you know how far down that rabbit hole do we want to go right. You said in the chat that you would not convert to zoom in the middle yeah didn't have it. I didn't have a choice in this one you know. I guess.

I never tell. Murphy the never tell. God you plan to laugh at you right. But for those of you who are interested in how to do this with groups how to do the whole global criterion bias thing.

CPI level four is is where you would do that. So let me see if there any other questions real quick before. I jump back into what. I was talking about yeah the universe will take the toss that all right.

So there's about 30 of us who made it and. I appreciate that. So let me go ahead and share my screen and go back to can you see my screen now we're talking about the secrets of human influence program can you see my screen now cool all right. So here's what you get we're going to give you for today only this is a one-time offer we're going to give you the secrets of human influence home study course this is a 17 video training system it gives you the seven stage universal persuasion protocol module by module.

So you know we gave you the criterion values process we took. You fairly you give you a fairly good treatment of it. But there's a lot more nuances and things like that that you can to use to build this into presentations and stuff like that. So.

But you're also going to learn how to think like a master influencer and that by itself is worth a value of 297 dollars you'll learn how to control your psycho emotional states that's the state control module that we talked about you're going to learn how to use power of course goes how to neurologically and train with another human being in a testable way that primes them to think and feel the way you want them to think and feel before you ever open your mouth that's what's. So powerful and why we don't share the state control modules outside of our mastermind or outside of our arses once you have that ability the ability to generate your own psycho emotional state and. Then bridge it to another human being you gain a ridiculous level of influence in creating hyper responsive subjects and targets and we do it in a very tested way and it's as reliable as the laws of physics it's not based on any belief systems it's based on the laws of physics and entrainment and we show you how that manifests in the human organism and teach you it in a way that's powerful and repeatable. But we don't teach that outside of our live events or our home study courses ok.

$297 value we're going to teach you the most irresistible hypnotic language patterns on the planet in fact when. I'm done presenting this offer to you we're going to circle back we're going to start with the actual data of our course today and we're going to teach you some of them we're not we can't teach. But we'll teach you one or two of them and we're going to teach you a little a few piece a few core pieces from each of the training packages that we're going to talk about. So we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of others what to do once you've gotten your state control once you've gotten your report once you've gotten your language how do you open up in the mind of your listener a window into their thoughts their feelings their beliefs their memories and manage those to create inside of your subject the most optimal receptivity to what you're presenting we're going to teach you how to literally hijack someone's own internal behavior code to jump into their process and present to them in a way that they feel what you are giving them is exactly the most right.

And natural thing for them it's tremendously liberating once you can get out of your own head and start looking at people through the eyes. Of process and structure how predictable their behavior comes becomes and how manageable it becomes because you stopped imposing your own map of how the world is supposed to work on them and wondering why they're doing it wrong it makes life a lot easier for you ok. We're going to teach you the we're gonna give you the forbidden secrets of human influence master text this is our tried and true proven killer influence manual and it has it has modules on it has modules on state control it has modules on social hypnotic operators these are socially programmed triggers that people have that society programs into you that when you gives them a spin it's like a. Pavlovian response you do this one thing people start to respond automatically because society has programmed to call it social hypnosis we're going to talk about proxemic hypnotic operators these are spatial nonverbal triggers like where you stand in relation to another human being can dramatically influence how they process your meaning in their world give you quick example if someone is right-handed and you stand on their right.

Side they'll actually like you better than if you stand on their left side if they're left-handed and you stand on their left side they'll like you better than if you stand on the right. Side if you stand at the foot of a table or in the middle of a table human beings automatically give the person in those positions more authority than if they sat or stood anywhere else just knowing that allows you to manipulate and manage the environments that you're in to make everything you say dramatically more powerful plus we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power mastermind mentoring program. So if you look.

At all of these two each one of these is a two hundred ninety seven dollar value the forbidden secrets of human influence master text our killer influence manual is a four hundred eighteen dollar value. But not only that one of the best parts about this is that we are going to give you access to our online community now during the. First part of the webinar before we jumped over here. I was talking to you basically one-on-one and while.

I couldn't see each of you. I was interacting with you as much as possible in our online mentoring space you will have the ability to literally interact with people in a zoom room you'll have people ask questions have me watch what you're doing give you specific feedback and we literally drill down on your experience the same desires as you and to really hone these skills one of the things we have discovered at. Planet. David is that the fastest way to embody these skills is to use them and the fastest way to use these on a consistent basis is to be around and with people who want to use them with you who want to practice and and feel comfortable using these systems.

So if you took. All of these and added them together you're looking at a two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value. But of course we're not going to stop there by any stretch of the imagination you know. Steven for example one of our or my clients and one of my longtime students took.

This material took. It back to his and in the. First year he used it he got a $10,000 raise he used it again for his. Next evaluation.

Heaney scored a another $10,000 raise and. Then the. Third time he used it he got a $15,000 raise this was using the material that we talked about okay. Anyway did some of you drop off when.

I said. I don't teach this outside the mastermind that's what. I'm saying. So if you look.

At. Stephens results and you can reach out to. Stephen on. Facebook.

If you really want to total of $35,000 in pay raises just using the material in the killer influence system this is work for politicians salespeople coaches lawyers you name it it's work for him okay. It's work in everything. So again two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value when you have these tools you're going to be able to convince anyone that you want to gladly and. Then practically do anything you want you're going to feel truly powerful and in control of your life not only that you'll be able to get rid of the debt the loneliness of feeling unimportant this is kind of a weird slide to have here.

But let me explain a little bit about why it's here in other presentations. I've talked about survival skills you know that you have three brains you have your your reptilian brain you have the. RAM iliyan brain and your neocortex in the social. But you know in a society governed by the rule of law where you can't just go out and bludgeon somebody over the head take their stuff and run screaming the ability to gain cooperation the ability to get the goodwill of the people around you is the single most important social skill out there and what the hell just happened there.

I was weird. Anyway that was someone just wrote across my screen that's like somebody hacked my for my [ __ ]. Anyway. So that's when.

I when. I talked about getting rid of debt and feeling unimportant never feeling powerless again that's what. I'm talking about the ability to get the cooperation the goodwill the trust and the obviously ultimately the obedience of the people you interact with is the most powerful survival skill by definition if you can't get people to do what you want them to do you're doomed to extinction okay. We're also going to show you some really cool bonuses that we've added to this program.

First bonus that we're going to include is. CPI level 2 this is called weapons of mass instruction perhaps the single most powerful persuasion device that exists has existed since the dawn of time is the ability to tell scientific to stop to tell stories and metaphors human beings create narratives that govern their entire lives if you've ever seen guys like. T. Harv.

Eker or. Lisa savage. Robert. Allen these guys tell amazingly powerful stories and there's a science behind the science in other words when people teach trainers trainings they'll teach you that it's important to tell stories they'll even tell you what kind of stories to tell what they will not teach you is how to build the story how to engineer a story for maximum persuasive impact and as.

I was doing my research into study and metaphor and things like that. I became very very unsatisfied with storytelling courses that other people had out there and. I realized as is often the case that if. I wanted to if.

I wanted to attend an amazingly practical course on scientific storytelling in metaphor. I was going to have to create it. So. I literally threw away everything that.

I had been studying in terms of what other trainers were doing and. I went to the neuroscience. I went to the social psychology people. I looked at the studies on the impact and influence of metaphor and story on the human nervous system and.

I came up with six core modules the. First one is called alpha stories alpha stories are stories that amplify or have add add more persuasive impact or push to your message these are the stories that most people learn when anybody tries to learn any form of persuasion this is usually the kind of influence they're tryin to wheel. But there's another side to that there's a yin to the young. So to speak and those are called.

Omega stories. Omega stories are stories that have the ability to reduce resistance to influence the power of story is that they are never directly perceived as being an attempted influence when you have the alpha side of it and the omega side of it integrated you can simultaneously amplify the persuasion push and reduce the friction the pushback or the accept the resistance to the acceptance of your message it changes people's attitudes thoughts and beliefs behind the scenes in the backgrounds there's another module that we incorporated in here we call these connection stories this isn't the ability to walk up to somebody and just start telling stories that generate and facilitate social connection between people if you're writing any kind of sales copy or direct marketing copy you must tell stories especially if your demographic is female one of the primary bonding mechanisms that females have is is sharing stories men can you can you can be able to a little light on the storytelling women they must have stories in order to bond and connect. So can learn how to connect they're very short very brief stories is one of the most powerful social lubricating mechanisms that you can have there's a complete module on that there's also a module now that. I'm pretty proud of it's called ninja stories and ninja stories are understanding how to deliver very powerful very covert messages within the body of your story that amplify the entertainment value as well as priming people's knowledge ease to take the behaviors thoughts attitudes and beliefs that you want them to have this is the thing that most public speaking trainers will not share with you guys like.

T. Harv. Eker guys like. Mark.

Victor. Hansen who are all using the betted techniques of. NLP to load their stories with extra persuasion power you're going to learn what they are how they work how to build them how to use them and most importantly you're going to learn how to detect them. So you don't you don't you no.

Longer fall victim to them remember without awareness there is no. Choice. So whether you choose to use these these techniques for your own personal gain and to help other people the way they're intended or you just think of it as a self-defense course this is probably one of the most important classes that we've ever taught in fact in this class we actually take transcripts and of t harv of public speakers like. T.

Harv. Eker and we literally deconstruct their stories we deconstruct the metaphors the presuppositions the language patterns we show you in these in this module how they built them what they're doing. So that you can become more educated and just and choose whether to allow yourself to the influence by them or not and if you want to use them to create very powerful teaching tools and webinars for yourself this is also something that is dramatically powerful and and again if you're going to do public speaking of any kind you must tell stories if you want to be engaging and be someone who's fun enjoyable to listen to you must tell stories this is. CPI level 2 we're going to include this as a bonus if you were to buy it on the website which.

I'm not even sure you can right. Now you'd be paying if about a thousand one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to include this free for you if you grab our secrets of you an influence ultra persuasion home study course package we're also going to include objection obliteration. I call this renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change one of the things that happens if you're classically trained in sales is that you went into people who have objections it's too much money. I need to talk to my wife you know how do.

I know this will work for me doing these kinds of things back in the 70s and 80s the founder of. NLP dr. Richard. Bandler would challenge his audiences to try and overcome his belief systems and what happened was yeah a lot of these courses that.

Camille have never been publicly offered through the website they're loaded in the website. But access to them is usually only available through a live event package or a special webinar package like we're doing here and one of them one of the co-founders of. NLP. Robert.

Dilts realized that there were 14 distinct conversational patterns and dr. banner was using to a destroy and eliminate and overcome any attack he had to his belief system and using these he could literally change and reframe anyone's belief anytime under any circumstances. Later on one of the pioneers in. NLP business applications a man named. Cameron.

Cleveland discovered some other powerful aspects of these sleight of mouth patterns now. I've spent the. Last probably 10 years researching and going deeper into these patterns and doing my best to make them more fun to use more user-friendly and a lot less like calculus and my version my approach is called objectionable iteration renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change this will allow you to overcome any objection anytime anywhere what imagine for a moment what would happen if for any objection or belief that somebody gave you any reason that somebody had for not doing what you wanted to do you had as many as 14 different ways to change what they were thinking what would that do for your ability to get what you want in the world just go ahead and type that in the chat if you had 14 answers to any problem somebody came to you with for not doing what you wanted to do therapeutically this is really useful because in face reading one of the ways that you get people to heal through face rating is you unpack their facial features and. Then you help them reframe the emotional reasons they learn that stuff okay.

So if you're if you're trained in classical sales approaches and you've been taught objection handling techniques this allows you to take it to superhuman levels. But you can also use it on yourself to change your own limiting beliefs in fact the. Last slide of math class. I just taught that's actually was a big piece of what everybody did is they got to light down all the limiting beliefs they had and.

Then they systematically attacked their own beliefs until they changed it's really really powerful right. So this is again this is part of the bonus packages that we're offering for the secrets of human influence program it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value once again not directly available on the website okay. It's yours free if you want to jump in before you register if you register for the secrets of human influence home study program before the end of the webinar. So you know how the system works you can make more money you can close more sales you can reach more financial freedom.

But you know what you're gonna need a coach because you'll have questions that need answering you might need help in the accountability department and. I take my job as a teacher very seriously. I'm not just gonna sell you a program or how you buy a program and. Then leave you hanging my job is to make sure that when you become part of this program you get everything you need to become unstoppable and.

I'm gonna do that by working with you one-on-one and here's how we're gonna do that and before you go for what we've seen is that less than 23 percent of the people who try to do this on their own succeed. So if you've got some of this stuff and you haven't made it work yet or you're not making the money yours to be making you might be because you're trying to do it on your own greater than ninety seven point six percent of the people who work with us wind up significantly changing and the quality of their life in the romantic life their social life their personal life and financial life. I had one guy closed a one point two billion dollar deal from one day of training. TJ who.

I think is on here his girlfriend after half a day of training went back to her business and closed a meeting for 1.2 million dollars she was the manager for the city of. Howard lots of powerful powerful results and like. I said before in the field of persuasion and influence a little bit of properly targeted information goes a long way if information were enough though you could just go to google and find this information and learn it and. Then go out and use it it takes a little bit more than it takes a little bit more than that and.

So that's why. I'm gonna make sure that you can do this you can you can get this material you can learn it and you have the opportunity to practice it one of the other things that were gonna do we're gonna throw in another bonus for you this is we talked about earlier you heard me talk about hypnotic presentation skills for public speakers guess what we're throwing in we're throwing in an extra bonus this is supposing you want to know about using criterion values from the stage on groups of people okay. Charisma and conversion and notic presentation skills for public speakers everything you heard me talk about how to create stories this is a lot more than just storytelling most a lot more than just criterion values this program is all about utilizing hypnotic persuasion from the stage it is not a course on stage hypnosis this is a deep dive into stage craft into the into generate tremendous presence on the stage everything from how to stand and move on stage to holding a microphone to what kind of sound system you want what kind of video system you want and most importantly as a process in here we call persuasion architecture. So this is the ability to generate a talk that is structurally designed to subliminally prime your audience to connect with you to view you as authentic to like want and desire your program and have them rushing to the back of the room to take action on whatever you're teaching them we call it what what am i what am i again and there's a storytelling module in this not nearly as deep as.

CPI -. But there will be 12 different ways to tell stories 12 different ways to subliminally load your talk with subliminal buying triggers these are things that. I learned from one of my amazing mentors. Lisa.

Sassa vich in her system speak to sell. I love. Lisa stuff and. I learned a tremendous amount from.

I combined that with the things. I learned from thousands of other sources let me not thousands. But hundreds of other sources to say the least some. I paid as much as ten twenty thirty thousand dollars to learn and.

I'm still learning and. I've included this here for you as a full spectrum you know like. I said the ultimate ultra persuasion home study system this is from soup to nuts everything you're going to need this is a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value it's also yours free if you grab our secrets of human influence training package before you register for the end of the webinar. So we look.

At this. I'm going to jump past this let's look. At what we've talked about. So far if you grab our secrets of human influence ultra persuasion holds the home study course you're going to get the seventeen video secrets of human influence seven stage using persuasion protocol by 2017 nine dollars you're gonna get the forbidden secrets of human influence master text valued at four hundred and eighteen dollars that's a two hundred plus page manual by the way there's an online community with over two hundred and ten active members we're going to give you three months free the three month trial membership you can log in on the.

Third. Saturday of every month in real time where. I literally go around the room and. I say.

Seth what do you want to learn. Laura what do you want to learn. Brian what do you want to learn. Debbie what do you want to learn right.

Roger what do you want to learn and. I literally write those things on my screen. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four hours.

I drill you one-on-one with those things in groups one on one until you can do them in your sleep it is not designed as a certification course it's designed to give you an opportunity to take the skills you learn from the live events from the home study courses and in an live dynamic interactive environment allow you to drill down and hone those skills. So that you can take them out into the world and start using them right. Away okay. No.

BS you're not going to get a certificate from it. But as part of this process. I told you. I was gonna.

I was committed to helping you personally this is how we do it now the best part about not only to having a bunch of people to interact with is that each and every one of these videos we've been running this this course we've been running the. NLP our mastermind mentoring program since october of 2010 we've recorded we video archive every single one of those meetings since 2010 literally ten years of training ten years of video that has never been seen on youtube never been released as a product you as a member of that online community will have full 24 hour a day unfettered access to every single video in that archive for the duration of your active membership within the community if you want to remain a part of the community after after your trial is up you're more than welcome to do that we have an amazing cool group of people everybody helps each other everybody works together idiots don't stay in our group they kind of move on to other things. But that's priceless guys if if you if for no. Other reason getting access to the people who are that's passionate about this subject as you who want to utilize these things in the real world this is a this is an opportunity for you that that it doesn't come along very often we're gonna give it to you for free if you like it stay if after three months you decide it's not for you you haven't lost anything right.

Mastermind people are in the room they can they can talk to you about what it's like for them. So once again you've got the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol forbidden secrets and human influence by $818 online communities priceless you're also going to get the weapons of mass destruction scientific and seductive storytelling. Secrets recorded live this is a full 3 day live training you're going to see people developing the stories going through each of the modules it's a 1950 dollar value you're going to get bonus objection obliteration renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change it's a 1950 dollar value also recorded live training to get the manuals that go with them each of these courses has a manual by the way and you'll get full access to those you'll get charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers live event training valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars you could buy this on the website today which you can't buy the way you'd be looking at a total value of eight thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars okay. And it would still be cheap it would still be cheap.

However. I like it now think about this if all it did was got you a salary increase of ten to thirty percent if going even a step further if it got you a better job than the one you currently have right. Would it be worth it would it be worth it if it let you attract the love of your life or simply anyone you wanted would it be worth it if it gave you the ability to increase your sales closing rate your conversion rate whether it's in print whether it's per face-to-face whether it's in a job interview or a salary negotiation a mediation a jury case if it allowed you to win and increase your win rate by twenty thirty forty percent would it be worth eight thousand bucks and you know. I had two choices when.

I when. I started putting this together. I could go with the. First option which is make it as cheap as possible and try to sell you as many of them try to sell as many as possible.

But you and. I both know that scarce resources are more valuable the truth is is that the less you have to work for something the more likely you are to not use it and. I don't want tire kickers in our world. I want people who are committed.

I want people who are committed to investing in themselves. So. I decided not to do that what. I did do was.

I decided to create a little bit of a higher investment that guarantees that only the people who are serious about taking their life to the. Next level will jump in and obviously the people because the less people will jump in who are more committed. I can take. I can afford to take the time that.

I mean they give them what they the attention they deserve okay. Attention begets attention and you get to choose what level you want to interact with me. I have people that come in at 47 bucks. I come in people come in 10 thousand dollars a year for everything on the plate we can talk about those another training.

So if you were able to make more money close more deals achieve more financial freedom to have more complete control over your life what would that be worth to you seriously think about it look. At your sheet look. At the sheet set what's important about these things to you how about if you could feel more secure and confident if you could get everything on that checklist that we talked about and more what if the things that were most emotionally compelling to you on that list or just the beginning what if it could just keep getting better what would that be worth to you what's the ability to get whatever you want in life actually worth this is something. I had to think about it's something.

I think about all the time right. 100 bucks thousand bucks five thousand ten twenty more how much would you pay to get the master keys to influencing the hearts and minds of everyone you meet overcoming objections to be able to influence people on the stage to compel stories that make people want and desiring and literally salivate for your products or services right. You know a lot of people have paid nine thousand thirty thousand dollars or more for one-on-one coaching personal training our our platinum mastermind members pay literally ten thousand dollars to get face time with me to come to every single event to be able to walk into any training you have and just sit down like they were always a member right. There's huge huge amounts of people who have taken these skills and come in at different levels okay.

So maybe you can see why it's a good deal at eight thousand maybe you can understand that why it might be a good deal for at three thousand nine ninety seven for the general public maybe you can begin to comprehend why you're special to me why because a you put up with all of our technical crap be you self selected to be here you came away with a desire to come away with something useful something you can use and something that will continue to improve the quality of your life just the critrium values a lot of stuff along that. I covered at the beginning part of this webinar if you apply it your business will change your home life will change the quality of your romantic relationships will change it will cause you to have to make some pretty hard decisions though because you'll you'll discover very very quickly that some people will match your values and other people won't and you'll start you'll stop wasting your time on the people who don't match and you'll start finding and filling those spots with people who do and that's just a tip of the iceberg. But you're special to me why because you chose to be here okay. As.

I often tell my my full-time students they said by definition the people in our world are not average they've self selected to become more who they want to be instead of what the world conspired to make them with situations and circumstances and events conspired to make you they're looking for more freedom more power more awareness more choice more of everything they want and less of what they don't want. So not a lot we ads went out to a lot of people the emails went out to a lot of people. But a select few chose to be here and that's you. So.

I think. I think you deserve a little bit more. So you know before today the only way to get a lot of these secrets was through our life coaching events most of these sold out at nineteen fifty some of our clients paid as much as ten grand to work with me. But for those of you today we're going to give you a really cool deal special opportunity if you're on the webinar today and if you didn't make the jump from a jet webinar to zoom oops are you going to be kicking yourself to get the desk deal possible you can get every single thing.

I've talked about the universal persuasion protocol the secrets of hypnotic storytelling the objection removal process the universal persuasion protocol if not a presentation skills' a three-month trial to our mastermind mentoring program and they have not included citation skills course you can get all of it for one low price one loan. Stallman of just 997 there's a link right. In the chat right. Next to you there if you're interested if you have questions about it.

Stephanie and. Brandon and. Henry are waiting in the chat and both. Stephanie can you go ahead and tiger number in there go to.

WWE in. France calm /go that's. WWE influence calm /go if if money's tight and. I know that it is you can break that one-time installment into three easy installments of 397.

Stephenie. I'll take care of it for you and you'll get instant access to every single piece that we talked about in the in the description of our secrets of human influence culture persuasion home study course. But you know what as a special bonus because you stuck with me you made the you work with us through the technical snafu as you're going to wwq influence calm pay attention because we got some other stuff for you some stuff that i think you're really going to love i'm gonna be. Finally for for everything that you get this comes with a 90-day guarantee if for any reason whatsoever you're not happy with the secrets of human influence home study course if you give it a good if you put them if you put the skills to work and you actually start applying these things and if you're not making more money you're not closing more deals you're not communicating better with people you want to communicate with if you're not feeling more secure and confident if you don't find yourself gaining the upper hand in any social encounter and find yourself becoming kind of people the kind of person that everybody wants to be around more often or being them or you know i'll refund you if this isn't working for you.

I don't want your funds. I want you to have them. I want you to go ahead and feel confident knowing hey. I got your back both ways both in terms of making sure that you learn this material and be if it doesn't work for you you're gonna get all your money back okay.

You're gonna get it all that and of course the best part is you can keep the materials now that being said it have it has happened you can anything that's downloadable you can keep that being said we do have certain security measures involved to keep people from doing what we call the old webinar hit and run when they buy this [ __ ] as soon as they downloaded all they refund it within like 24 hours of doing that. So yes. If you try to do that you will come under scrutiny and you will get on theft on. Stephanie's [ __ ] list.

So. I'm pretty much assumed that the vast majority of people on this webinar are the right. Kind of people. But we do get those from time to time.

So don't be surprised if we do ask questions. But not to keep you from getting your money back we do it to make sure that you're applying the techniques properly and getting you the help that you need if it's not working for you after that we'll give you your money back not a problem we have no. Problem with that at all okay. So the real question is is it worth gambling a few minutes of your time to check this out if it does half of what.

I've described today it'll pay for itself many times over all you got to do is go to. WWE influence comm /go okay. Now. I told you to hang on because.

I got more stuff for you right. For though for the. Next handful of people who act right. Now on this webinar while.

I'm here in real time if you're watching this on the replay you do not get this you understand if you if you're if you're on the webinar live with me right. Now this applies to you if you're watching the replay this does not apply to you everything else. I've talked about up to this point does. But this is only for the people on this webinar right.

Now for those of you we talked about the. NLP car mastermind mentoring program of course you get that automatically we're also going to throw in the stealth instant conversational-hypnosis crash course this was of course. I developed back in 2010 it's a nine hundred ninety seven dollar value that teaches you everything you need to know to go out and start hypnotizing people that day you go there's two hours of video that you want to teach you the seven most powerful at night language patterns that exist you can click that there's a video on instant and rapid induction. Zoar you can learn to plus fastest most powerful way to directly hypnotize people plus a whole lot more there's a bunch of videos each of them covers a specific aspect of instant influence these are things again.

I designed it. So that you have a fast start a way to just go out and hit the ground running if you have echo technique down if you have these seven language patterns you will become dramatically more powerful in any social interaction there's also. I believe in that course a crash course on three magic questions there's one on instant and rapid hypnosis and. I believe we also have hypnotic hot buttons as part of that course.

So there's a huge amount of information in that program it's a nine hundred ninety seven dollar value it's yours absolutely free as part of our fast action bonus all you got to do is to get that as part of your package is to go to wwl influence calm /go here's the best part and. I and this is this is kind of cool for me because people come up to me at the end of every training after we've handed out like our offer catalogs and our event calendars and stuff like that and they say. David. I noticed that a lot of videos on your on your website are very close in price to the live event and.

I'm kind of torn and. I'm wondering should. I should. I come to the live events or should.

I should. I just buy the videos and without a hesitation without missing a beat. I look. Them right.

In the eye and. I say look. Come to the live events at the live event you're in a closed universe with me for three five seven eight days depending on what the course is and during that time you've got twenty thirty forty fifty a hundred people to interact with you've got me looking over your shoulder installing these things putting you through the drills over and over and over again to make sure you embody these techniques yes. You can pay with.

PayPal. So when you can come to the live event if for some reason you can't make the live event the. Next best option is the video program the optimal way to learn the materials is to come to the live event. First and.

Then use the corresponding videos in the whatever at the. NW our website or whatever programs you have to supplement it because what go through the live events you'll see the world differently we call it seeing the matrix and when you go back and you review those videos you'll see them through different eyes. And every time you review those videos you'll see stuff you missed before this. VIP ticket is very very special it's limit only to the.

First ten people who buy today let me explain to you how our. VIP ticket works this is good for any event in our 2020 2021 calendar. I need to update this this slide the way our. VIP tickets work is if that if you have that.

VIP ticket you can come to any event in our calendar provided you have the prerequisites a lot of our trainings don't require any. But there are some price points no. Longer matter. So let's say that you've got this.

VIP ticket and the event you want to come to it is 1950 you just let. Stephanie know you got a. VIP ticket you go right. To the headline let's say that the the price of the event is twenty four ninety seven and you've got the.

VIP ticket you tell. Stephanie you go right. To the head of the line one of the best parts about our. VIP tickets is that price point no.

Longer matters when you have a. VIP ticket there are some restrictions like if the course goes over seven days. Then there's a small fee to make up the difference. But the other thing is your.

VIP ticket does not expire until you use it. I've had people get a. VIP ticket at an event in 2016 and. I don't hear back from them until 2012 2019 they asked me if they if they can use that ticket and.

I tell them absolutely come right. In right. It doesn't expire. So you have it until you use it if you have if you want to go to an event or you have a friend of yours wants to go to an event and you are and you you want to gift it to them you can transfer it to them it doesn't you have it until you use it if something happens at the.

Last minute let's say you plan on coming to our killer influencer training this. July here in. San. Diego you're all set and all of a sudden.

God the universe or whatever says how you can't go you just pick up the phone you call. Stephanie or you send her an email she'll move you to another training. So you never lose it if you want to come to a training at the. Lessman all of a sudden your schedule frees up and you want to come you have a.

VIP ticket you pick up the phone you let. Stephanie know and she will move you to the head of the line for that event even if the event is sold out we will find a seat for you okay. It's really really cool again this particular ticket can be used for any event in our calendar in our. Last webinar we offered a.

VIP ticket only for the killer influence training in in. July this one you can use for anything if you want to learn hypnotherapy you can come to identity by design if you will learn advanced influence techniques you can come to any of the. CPI is your killer influence if you want to learn neuro linguistic programming we recommend you have some prerequisites done. First there's a small charge for it because it's an eight-day training.

But basically if you have this. VIP ticket you get a free pass to any single live event. I do ok. It's really cool.

Seth did. I forget any other benefits about these trainings that. I didn't mention yes. Dennis you'll you'll get an email from.

Stephanie letting her know that you're in thank you for jumping in. Dennis. I appreciate that. I look.

Forward to working with you personally we've got a great event coming up. July what were the dates for the. July event. Stephanie can you plug those in the club those in the chat and you get a chance to update this.

PowerPoint slide for the the killer influence event we've also got a great event coming up in. August which we'll talk about well we're gonna go back to the echo technique after this. July 15 through the 18th we're doing the 4-day killer influence training again for those of you who've got the videos this will be like jumping into the deep end that well actually you'll be jumping into where you're supposed to start which is the live event and you and. I will go deep dive we'll go deep dish into the nuts and bolts of the art of hypnotic persuasion how to use it and become completely unstoppable in for days we'll show you some really cool stuff some people will be able to get an extra fitness day if you're interested in potentially doing that reach out to.

Stephanie and she can see if you qualify for that. So let's look. At what we've got now okay. Got the 17 video seven stage universal persuasion protocol buy it at 2000 $79 it's going to include the forbidden secrets of human influence manual it's 200 page plus page manual 418 dollar value you get that three month membership to the.

NLP power mastermind mentoring programs completely priceless you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction scientific and seductive storytelling. Secrets recorded live valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars you're going to get the objection obliteration we're going to get reframing and the art of conversational belief change program. I have one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars yours free bonus. Chrisman conversion hypnotic persuasion skills or speak for speakers and presenters buy it at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to include the fast action stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at nine hundred and ninety seven dollars and we're going to give them.

Next ten people jump in that free. VIP bonus ticket it's a 1950 dollar value or more depending on the training and when you sign up for free and let you come to any single live event that we have with some restrictions in our 2020 2021 calendar and we've got some amazing stuff coming up in 2020 and 2021 all you need is a total value of eleven thousand two hundred ninety four dollars all you got to do to get yours is jump is jump to wwq influence calm /go that's wwq learn influence calm /go okay. [Music]. CPI to see a recorded live.

C. Five. Forces live event it's recorded live. I'm sorry that's a that's a typo every every one of these recordings every one of these courses started as a live event and.

Then we edited it down cut out all of all the you know the downtime. So depart and we packaged it for you as a home study course each of them will come with a complete manual that you'll be able to follow along with you'll be able to download those instantly and start putting those drills to work right. Away the stealth instant conversations course also has transcripts and workbooks that goes with it yes. David that includes any event in.

Canada now let me go ahead. David brought up a good point our. VIP tickets as a rule are good for any event that is is individually sponsored by me in other words if. I do a.

CPI class and nobody's inviting me in like phrases like. Connect. Canada. Mike.

Mandel is asked me to come in and do a. CPI training usually what we do because. I'm sharing revenues. I don't take the whole hit if.

I give up if. I give a bonus ticket out for one of those events. Then the presenter who's hosting me loses money. So we usually restrict the.

VIP tickets to events that. I'm hosting specifically if it's being hosted by. Mike. Mendel.

Then the. VIP ticket won't count. But you will get a big discount on that training. So if it's something you want to come to just reach out to.

Stephanie she'll tell you what the discounted price is for that it's a good question there are two or three people that have invited me to come to their neck of the woods to do a training and of course we're splitting the revenues for that because they're sponsoring me and everything else. So it's not fair to them to just make them take the hit. So that's kind of what we're doing. But those are done on an individual basis.

But by and large if it's something that. I'm doing if it's in my calendar and. I'm not mentioning anybody else or it's not mentioned on anybody else's website chances are the. VIP ticket the.

VIP ticket will count for something you won't lose out you'll never lose out on even if we have to go. So far as to give you another event for that you know we always try to make sure and bend over backwards to make sure that our students get the best treatment possible and. Stephanie has been absolutely amazing in in making sure that that every one of you are taken care of. I am we committed to that.

So oh another thing once you learn the erotic language patterns please don't try to use them on. Stephanie she's trained too okay. And. I need some of you will try it.

I know you will one time axe knee huh what do you what does your question me. I don't understand your question okay. So all you got to do go to. WWE are influence calm /go you can get every single thing we've talked about eleven thousand or eleven thousand dollars worth of cool stuff that will put you on the fast track to becoming unstoppable on a social influencer level professionally romantically in familiarly it's amazing stuff and it just keeps getting better the longer you continue to do it three easy installments of just 397 or if you're ready and you know you want it one low investment of just 997 it'll save you over 200 bucks you're gonna get and you'll be able to start right.

Today you'll start accessing and being able to watch the stuff on the website right. Here right. Now you can go right. Into it and start getting the leg up you need the way you need it ww killer influence calm /go.

I'm gonna go ahead and answer any questions that people have. Oh people are asking about. PayPal yes. You can use.

PayPal. I think you can actually use the are we still doing these six months no. Payments no. Interest paid in full option is that still available for our people if it is.

Rita if it isn't reach out to. Stephanie she'll work something out with you. So once again 17 stage universal persuasion protocol 2000 $79 value forbidden secrets of human influence for $118 value online community with over 200 and active members $200 are priceless really go ahead. Brian and reach it reach out to.

Stephanie directly and she'll be happy to work out the. PayPal option with you. Stephanie just posted a link for you to use the. PayPal option okay.

But yeah. I think. PayPal we. I think our system will still let people do the no.

Payments no. Interest or whatever option that is okay. Total value eleven thousand two hundred ninety four bucks you can start today you can again you can be company and our. Next our.

Next master mind will be the. Third. Saturday of. June from 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

Pacific. Standard. Time you will get an email invitation and a facebook. Invitation and you can come in you can ask me your most important correct questions directly and for the.

Next four hours. I will drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep right. It's an amazingly cool opportunity. I hope you take advantage of it okay.

Okay. So let me go ahead and look. At other questions here and see what. I can answer.

Then if it's okay. I'll take the three will give up we'll do a five minute break and. Then we'll come back and we'll jump into echo technique and. I will actually teach you a couple of sleight of mouth patterns.

So that we can start to play with this instead of just yeah and don't try to use it on me let me see how we're doing any other questions. I can answer okay. Now let's take why you guys are doing that. I'm going to take a five-minute restroom break.

I'm going to come back when. I come back. I'm gonna share my screen again and this time we're going to talk about the echo technique and. I'd like to if it's okay.

Share with you a couple of sleight of mouth patterns that. I'd like you to play with. Albert says looking forward to the package of the excellent. Thank.

You. Albert. I'm glad you're in you're awesome. Albert's also a master.

I think. Albert's also a master my member is he not all right. Take five minutes come back we'll jump into more stuff mmm really good when you're used to it. Oh [Music] all right.

Maybe. I'll have questions let me see if we take a look. At the chat real quick the mastermind where we get feedback from. David is that live or online it's both.

Tracy the the mastermind group is freek. Ovid was a simultaneous streaming where we would stream it live on. Facebook. And be teaching it in person.

So there would be a live audience and there would also be a virtual audience if you are local let me go ahead and and go back to let me stop sharing the screen for a moment it was a great question the way it works pre and post. Kovac is that on the. Third. Saturday of every month mic mastermind students are invited to come into my private training room at my clinic in.

Solana. Beach and. I start with them. I go around what do you know.

Stefan what do you want to learn. TJ what do you want to learn. I go right. Around the room and.

I write down everything that they want to cover in person. Then. I go to our virtual students who are streaming and. I go around to them and.

I write down what they want to learn and. I answer as many questions as. I can. I look.

At everything that they've asked me about. I look. Where all they connect where they all connect. I create a lesson plan for them right.

On the spot and. Then for the. Next four hours. I drill everybody on those skills until they can do them initially.

Then they go out into the world and they put those skills to work it's not the mastermind is not something you're going to get a certification from what it's going to do is it's going to give you real-world skills it's going to give you the opportunity to practice to get feedback to hone your skills down and go out with more confidence and a renewed ability to do it our live events are already head and shoulders above what most people do in the industry because we do. Lumi literally do three times more hands-on training than any other trainer out there in fact a lot of other trainers are starting to copy our training processes because it installs competency in you faster at the end of the day if you can't go out into the world for training and put this stuff to work right. Away we haven't done our job the best way that. I can ensure that that's happening for you is to make sure your ass is in seats where.

I can interact with you and observe and you can get feedback from your peers as well as interacting. So that was a kind of a long drawn-out answer to a very powerful and important question. So if you did nothing else. But join the mastermind you would you would be head and shoulders ahead of what's going on out there in the world because most people all they want to do is sell you of course and.

Then kick you to the curb. I want to make sure that when you have that course you own those skills not just the course right. So see here any other questions yeah you have. Claudia you have 90 days to put this information to work if you're not satisfied for whatever reason.

Then you have a right. To ask for a refund right. You know. I just.

I just have to trust that people are ethical and honest and or not you know signing up for program downloading materials and. Then oh well what happens a lot of time those we usually allow people the opportunity to apply to apply the balance towards an event or another product if it's something that's a better fit for them. Stephanie is really good and making sure people get to help they need and if it's a refund it'll be a refund if it's clarification on something. Then you'll get that if it's another product that was a better fit for you we'll do that we're very very customer oriented in terms of making sure you've got what you need right.

And if for some reason we can't do it. Then yeah well refund it not a problem okay. Let's see here see. Mike song is a list of information how long does it take to process it all if you start with this.

Roger it takes you a while that's one of the reasons that we kind of gave you the fast start stealth instant-hypnosis crash course it'll give you the fast action stuff that you need to start going out and doing stuff right. Away. But you're going to want to take the time you don't want to start you don't want to actually begin with the training materials in the order. I present you start with the killer influence.

Universal persuasion protocol and. Then once you've got a handle on that jump into storytelling and metaphor conversational reframing and belief change and. Then preach that presentation skills if you're in a different situation if there's a specific skill set that you need maybe you have a background in. NLP or hypnosis and you know you're good at that stuff.

But you want to drill down on sleight of mouth let's start there. I always recommend people started with the. First thing we presented and. Then supplement the other materials in whatever order is their preference okay.

When we created the. CPI system which is all about linguistic processes we designed it in such a way that once you had. CPI level one or killer influence you could do any of the modules in any order you want it. So even though.

I mended order if your situation is such that you know going from killing influence to. CPI 3 to. CPI 4. Then back to.

CPI 2 is the optimal approach for you that's fine as long as you've got the basic. CPI model the universal persuasion protocol you can do any of the other modules in any order you want. So if you got something that really keeps your interest and you want to jump right. To that make sure you've got your foundation and go to it there's no.

There's no. Law that says you can't we designed it that way ok. Ok. See here.

David talking to. Stephanie. I just answered. Laura's question can we use criteria and values for an audience we have yet to tap into yes.

You can. But you have to do your intelligence-gathering. First you have to know as much about that audience as possible now that being said if you go back and you watch some of my early early. YouTube videos you'll see me tapping into criteria and it's very subtle you've got it you've got to really look.

For it you'll hear me tapping into people's criterion values. I don't know them from. Adam there. I've never seen them these people before they have no.

History with me at all they've never seen me on. YouTube when. I. First created a lot of the videos you see on.

YouTube. I didn't have a. YouTube channel and. So the early videos are really really powerful because you get to see me in my early phases when.

I when. I didn't have 157 thousand subscribers on. YouTube and what actually built those people and how. I was able to connect with them a lot of the skills that you see me demonstrating or doing in the delivery of that information we teach and in the various.

CPI levels. But if you go back looking for it and knowing what to look. For. Then you'll see things that the average person won't see what about resistance to storytelling.

Roger. I don't know what you mean by resistance to. Tori. Spelling.

So if you can clarify the question. I'll give. I'll try to give it a better answer. But.

I will tell you right. Up front that storytelling is one of the few methods especially if you understand. Omega stories storytelling is one of the few persuasion devices that actually dissolves and bypasses resistance storytelling when done properly is never never perceived as a direct tool a direct attempt to influence people that's one of the reasons why it's. So powerful and people are hardwired neurologically as well as culturally to be to go into trance in the presence of a story there are studies that literally show that when a person is telling the story to another person the listeners brain automatically starts to entrain with the brainwaves of the - of the storyteller.

First they start out a little behind. Then they pick them they keep pace and. Then they actually start to move ahead in other words what happens is they become sewing trained they actually start to be able to predict what the storyteller is going to say. Next that is a neurological phenomena that happens anytime you and you create a context that implies a story.

So there's and story the story work deserves its own treatment okay. I integrate it with a lot of other things. But by another itself you can make a career just on learning how to tell powerful stories you can generate millions of double public speakers and politicians are doing this all the time okay. So.

I hope that answers the question what if the audience doesn't believe you. Then you haven't done your work properly you haven't created you haven't controlled your state you haven't gotten rapport you haven't paid attention to what they need you haven't demonstrated with authenticity and authority in their world in such a way that they understand that you know them you understand their world okay. There's no. Such thing as a hundred percent.

But storytelling is probably one of the most ridiculous. I didn't want to believe how powerful storytelling was when. I. First started studying it and.

Then the deeper. I got into it the more. I realized when. Bandhan wanted to nuke the entire audience he would just tell story with a story with a story and people would have massive amnesia there's a lot of things you can do with story work yeah.

But again don't believe me test it put it to work and see what happens right. But going back to. Rogers question though one of the things and we cover this actually in. CPI four is how do you make an audience believe you well the.

First and foremost is there's two aspects to that who you are and who they are your audience must be able to identify with you your audience has to believe at some level you're just like them that you understand their world the flip side of that is you as a presenter have to demonstrate vulnerability and authenticity to your audience in such a way that they they receive the impression that you understand them. But you also have to convey that you have a solution to where they're at that they don't have you. So it's this this whole unit and the principles called identification and identification is one of the single most important human influence principles that exists and the faster you can create it the more deeply an audience will believe pretty much whatever you say and there are some really powerful powerful presenters out there who know very very well how to engineer authenticity and we cover that in both we covered a little bit in. CPI too and we cover it very very in depth in.

CPI 4 which is if not increase in patience goes both of which are included in your human influence package. So it's important making an audio getting an audience to believe you is absolutely critical and. I'm glad you brought it up because it's it's an important thing and we can cover it in the horse it's not just enough to give people information they have to be able to relate to you you have to be able to identify with you and if they do that. Then they will much more readily in and it will put themselves in your narratives and act upon it as if it's actually them that's in it identification number one model 3.

I don't know what. I don't know what o3i model identified entity is the number one model identity and identification our slight are related. But slightly different identity is who you are as a person what are your traits what are your qualities what is your own personal brand your what are your values what are your beliefs identification is a process that we learn to leverage because we understand who we are we understand who our subject is and we have to find the bridge that allows them to say hey they're just like me and when you do that now the bridge to communication authenticity and. Trust opens wider.

So identified entity from the i3 model that you learn in. C and killer influence is part of it. But. Then how do you bridge to that does that make sense.

Laura okay. Very good. Roger says. But.

Then they say you can say that. But. I can't. I work as a sales trip.

I don't understand the question. Roger uh you know what you know what course you would really enjoy. Roger would be stealth selling secrets if you want to swap out one of the one of the other courses for stealth selling secrets you'll see a guy who comes from the pharmaceutical sales world and he thinks he's got sales dialed down you'll see him. COCs use criterion values and frame control to literally beat him in a philosophical submission using the criterion value system it's fun to watch.

I co-taught that that course with my my good friend. James. C to that might be a very interesting course for you to watch it's fun that guy became such an as elet for the. CPI system that he literally went out and started begging to teach that particular component when he came back for subsequent trainings every time we came back to it he would.

Lily jump up and down like horshack from. Welcome. Back. Kotter saying oh let me teach this guy please teach this and he would sell people their own pink right.

Lots of cool stuff about that. So. But again test it if it works for you keep it if it doesn't if it doesn't work for you chuck it that's all right. Laura wants going to tell this story about training in.

Israel if. I tell that story we'll never get to the more content. But. I can tell it to you if you want anybody does anybody want to hear that story if you want if you want to hear the story.

I'll tell it type it in the chat okay. So the. Next court the. Next.

Laura is all excited now. So the. Next the. Next thing we're going to cover is that go technique echo techniques regardless of regardless of its apparent simplicity one of the single most powerful influence tools on the plane.

I said storytelling in metaphor work if you combine these things you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts 12 2012. I was invited by essence security in. Israel to conduct some corporate trainings. I was.

I was tasked to do three sets of trainings a training for the. VIPs the training for the for the marketing people marketing department and the training for the. R&D people because apparently the. R&D people and the marketing people were not getting along very well apparently there was a breakdown in communication the the marketing people the customer service department would receive information requests from customers that they couldn't answer they would go to the market the.

R&D division and the. Army's division their answer to anything from the customer service department was read the manual right. Now let me let me preface this that say right. Off right.

In front. I love the. Israeli people they open their hearts to me they welcome you with open arms they treated me literally like a king. But.

I got to tell you they are the toughest an audience. I have ever encountered every day was a battle with these people to get them to follow the instructions we had like five rows of chairs for the group and it would come in as a group and they would all sit in the back three rows and. I would. I would ask them could you all move to the front of the room and they'd all look.

At me it wouldn't move and. So ice looked at him and. I realized that that they weren't gonna they weren't gonna go. So.

So you guys realized. I always. I always call on the people in the. Rastro.

First they got up as a group and move to the front. Second day they all come in they're sitting at the back of the room again now they're on to me the. First joke doesn't work. So.

I literally had to have my assistants take the. First two rows out. So now they're sitting in the front row. So we played games like this forever at one point.

I was doing the training for the market are the. Rd people now. I don't know if you ever work with. R&D people there are professional smart guys right.

They have multiple. PhDs they're hyper training and they don't have patience for anybody who isn't an. Rd person alright. So.

I'm sitting there and. I'm talking about the echo technique which is what we're about to go into and one of these gentlemen is sitting in the front row and he's just looking at me like this right. And. I'm talking and you can just see him getting more and more.

I don't know looked like he had gas or something right. And he get he looks at me because. I don't believe it. I go you don't believe it.

I don't believe it. I don't believe this will work. I say you don't believe this will work good talk about the echo technique which is using a person's own words and. So for the.

Next five six seven minutes. However long it was everything this guy said. I said back to him right. And and he just kept going and one of the things you'll discover when you start using the echo technique is that when they get their own words back they neurologically becomes predisposed to talking more this guy starts going off and everything that comes out of his mouth every time.

I have an opportunity. I'm giving it back to him he didn't catch it his friends around right. Next to him we're catching it left right. There look.

At that light right. After about five or six minutes. I. I had made my point to the rest of the room he's completely oblivious and as gently and as politely and as humbly as.

I could. I said sir. I don't you probably have you realized yet that. I've just been using your very own words back at you for the.

Last six or seven minutes he looked at me like what he looked at his friend to his left his friend goes and looked at his friend to his right. And. Franko's now. I don't know if you've ever seen the oldest.

Emma nice a more. Bugs. Bunny commercials where he's somebody. Sam drinks way too much hot sauce and you see the fire just rising up like a thermometer and steam flows out of his ears that was this guy he gets beet red.

I mean beet red if they were team could have float out of his ears it would he looks at me he gets this defeated look. On his face and he says are we really. So stupid and. I looked at him.

I said no. Sir no. You're not stupid you're selfish every human nervous system on the planet is selfish it's moving through the world looking for itself it's like sonar or radar sonar radar when it's in use it sends out little pulses little ping. So to speak and when that ping encounters an object it bounces back and the sonar or the radar interprets that reflection every human being on the planet is moving through the world pain everyone else around them and when the information comes back the.

First thing it does is compare what came back to that checklist we talked about at the beginning of our webinar you guys remember when. I had you write down the things that were important to you you guys remember that remember this for every single thing a person could desire there's a checklist that checklist generates a feeling we give that feeling a name and we treat that name as if it's the holy grail of what's the gold standard of our world okay. Now your neurology is looking for itself you heard me mention. I think it was.

Tracy was asking earlier about. I three identity versus identification what you're seeing now we're segwaying into now is the identification principle on a neurological level human. NLP says that human beings don't are not in touch with reality human beings have an experience they create a recording of that experience and. Then that recording is edited in various ways until it creates not the way the world is in our minds.

But the way the world is supposed to be and. Then every time we communicate the intention of what we want to communicate the information that we want to communicate passes through that distorted filter and it comes out as words when a person gets their very own words back to that those words go into that nervous system as a perfect key to lock fit between what they meant and what they got back and when that happens the neurology goes into a very profound orientation state in other words people who there's. I don't know if you familiar with the term called an. OD a looper and budda loop observe orient decide act we're pinging the world something comes back that we recognize we orient on it now we're paying attention to it consciously and the more of our words we get back the more our neurology is literally forced to pay attention and.

So the way that you bind people to criterion values is with the words that just came out of their mouths now criterion value solicitation is goes directly to that emotional driver echo technique indirectly goes to that emotional driver when you combine them you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts okay. Hopefully the replay will not be quite. So choppy. I apologize for any instability that the internet might be having.

But the most powerful thing that you can do the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay. Is everybody clear on that does everybody understand that good you hate when they make a statement and they repeat it okay. It's some people do when you do that all you got to do is repeat the. First couple of words.

I said in the. Last few words that they said this is a problem with people who ate what other people say without intention is that they don't do it congruently they don't do it from the place of a sincere desire to interact with people and that's that's one thing that will flag you you see the you know there are exceptions to every rule nobody is a hundred percent. But. I've if you go and and don't believe me go to my youtube channel especially like videos from about twenty sixteen probably for about 2017 2018 2019 when.

I'm teaching influence one of the. First things that. I teach is the echo technique and the. First thing.

I tell people is the most powerful words a human being can use are the ones that just came out of their mouth and. Then. I pick on somebody in the audience who doesn't who. I just told him what.

I was going to do and. I'm using it on them and everyone around them here's me doing it. But the person. I'm doing it with is completely oblivious right.

Tjz bow one of my associates tells a funny story. First time he came to train with me and learn the echo technique he was like what no. Way no. Way and.

So he took. This technique he had this girl he'd been seeing for a while she'd known they'd known each other for about ten years she ran over to her house and she was hey how you doing is hey. I learned this amazing technique and. I want to tell you all about it.

But before we do tell me about your day and. So she starts telling him about her day and every other time every chance he gets he gives her very own words back to her right. And and about 15 minutes into the conversation her friend his friend looks at her her she looks at him with a female who was known him for 10 years. So.

I should accept that she was what are you gonna tell me about this this is cool technique he learned he was he was in a minute you know. I mean really enjoying a conversation tell me more about your day and for another 10 or 15 minutes all he does his ecla words back and she's going off and off and she's talking and talking and talking about 30 minutes into the conversation she goes what are you gonna tell me about this technique 20 putting me off this in a minute in a minute. I'm really excited. I'm really enjoying this conversation tell me about your day 15 minutes more goes by 45 minutes and in this conversation he can't take it anymore he busts out laughing she looks at him like what what's this about us remember that fifth that that technique.

I told you about she goes yeah when are you gonna share it with me he goes. I've been using it on you for the. Last 45 minutes did you ever what no. And he goes back and forth you you have not been using it on me for the.

Last 40 minutes. I've been using it on you for the. Last 45 minutes no. You haven't.

I know you don't think. I haven't. But. I have and after about five minutes he convinced her.

Finally she still didn't quite believe him. I think and. Then he he pulls her aside and he says quick question how do you feel about the conversation we've just had and she looks at him and she says you know. I think this is possibly the best conversation we've ever had no.

She's known him for 10 years if anybody was gonna catch him it was gonna be her here's the takeaway before we get into the nuts and bolts and its really very very simple the most powerful words any human-being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouths okay. The most important piece about delivering those words is the understanding that it is not a trick the understanding that it's not a tactic it comes from the understanding that echo technique at its foundation is the single most desirable form of communication to the human nervous system it embodies that put it in a very powerful and very realistic way the way the neurology wants to be communicated with okay. It generates a tremendous even when it's negative [ __ ] you're talking about it creates alliance on a neurological emotional and cortical level of neocortical level because the words coming back to a person are a perfect fit for their internal map of the world and it goes indirectly. But fluidly and without misunderstanding to their emotional hot buttons or emotional criteria and values okay.

There are many ways to use the echo technique without sounding like you're using the echo technique we cover those in depth and nucular influence probe and the kilogramme constraining which is the 17 video course that we talk about we also cover it in our mastermind certain key things that make these lubricate these things. So the idea is avoid thinking of echo technique as a trick avoid thinking of it as a way to pull something over on people instead come from the place of understanding that the echo technique is the most honest direct and pleasurable form of communication a human being can experience okay. When things go south in a conversation when things start to go in a direction that you don't like or you say something wrong go back to echoing and it'll put it'll put control of the interaction back in your court okay. I'm gonna.

I have actually a small set of notes that. I put together on echo technique for you. I'm just going to go through those really quickly. So.

I'm going to share my screen and. I'm gonna come back. I'm going to take any more questions about echo technique that you might have we'll review the we offer once again and. Then we'll see where that takes us for those of you who have used the echo technique if you have nimble fingers want to share some of your experiences with those of you in the chat feel free to do that and.

I'm happy to do that okay. Can you guys all see my screen okay. I need to put my chat back hold on where's my chat okay. Yeah it worked guys it works on me the echo technique works on me.

I've had students use it on me and sometimes. I catch it many times. I don't. I'll give you guys a little a little hack it also works on.

Google because. Google was created by humans right. So. Google is moving through the world searching for itself.

So if you want to hack. YouTube or you want to hack. Google search engine rankings if you look. At what.

Google likes and copy it to a certain degree you can get very similar results on your web pages having be careful not to do duplicate content. But if you copy the structure of what's done it works really really well yeah. I use this more on. YouTube than.

I do on. Google and. I actually. I actually teach that in.

CPI 4 how do you how to do meetups and online events and things like that. So. CPI for they have not a presentation skills class for a lot of you especially now it is probably going to be a very important course to have. So can you got you guys can see my screen okay.

I like to call this how to get maximum attention in minimum time the echo technique the most powerful way for human beings to communicate why because it literally forces a person's neurology to pay attention to you person cannot resist their own words even if it's annoying them the very fact that they're being annoyed means they're paying attention to you right. By and large if it's used ethically and congruently whatever and what. I mean by that is by from sincere desire to communicate and connect. Then there's nothing to catch because if somebody asks you why why are you just saying my words back to me your response is literally because.

I want to understand you better and. I want to make sure that you understand that. I understand you back is that okay. Now only an [ __ ] is going to say no.

Right. What many people do in lieu of using a person's exact words is they try to paraphrase or they try to replace words and. OPM exert makes their students do this. I recommend that you do not this particular process has been field-tested in everything from seduction to hostage negotiation to psychotherapy and it works in every single field arena of engagement it never it works in texts it works in chats it works over the phone it works in letters it works in homework believe it or not.

I use this during my doctorate program. I actually use this to get really good grades on certain types of reports that. I had to do anytime. I could find an example of the instructors own writing all.

I did was copy the structure of it and. I would get an. A right. Anytime.

I deviated from the formula. I ran the risk of getting a less grade because academics are amazingly rigid in in how they go through data much much more. So than in real world applications. So like.

I said. I've tested this in a lot of different places. But don't believe me just find people out in the known world find humans in their natural habitat and echo their words and watch what happens okay. This also eliminates the problem of making small talk and boring conversation and here's why when you echo somebody's words it stimulates them emotionally they feel hurt they feel understood they feel a sense of validation that what they said was okay.

And acceptable to you and they want to make sure you get it all they want to make sure you get it right. And. So these people will start to talk more and that's a good thing for you one of the biggest problems that people have in conversation is the art of small talk and keeping the conversation going every human beings favorite topic on the planet is themselves the more they talk about themselves the happier they tend to be this stimulates self disclosure it causes them to give you more and more information and it's about their favorite topic themselves. So the longer they talk the better you look.

The more open and you become the most fascinating person and they're like. I used to believe that the most important words was their name. But using their name too much can come across as patronizing because it's the same word repeated over and over and over again. So while their name is important it doesn't have the same leverage that their words do okay.

I would still use their names their names are important. But their names are important because it's about them when a person gets their own words about them it becomes about them at a deeper level right. So using it over using an ant can flag you faster than over using their their normal conversation words that's a great question. I don't get asked that one very often it will prime your target to keep talking and give you more and more information about themselves at the same time in our.

Last webinar we did a deep dive into the three magic questions protocol which is an extension and expansion on this echo technique concept and we taught you how to use the three magic questions protocol to take their self disclosure and use it as a way to simultaneously generate attraction and gather data that allows you to make a decision as to where to put these people in terms of their relationship to you are they in the hell no. Category are in a good friendship material category the acquaintance category or the hell no. Category all right. If not when you do three nine two questions protocol in combination with the echo technique you will simultaneously generate attraction and connection and.

Trust faster usually in as little as twenty minutes well at the same time gathering enough in information to make an informed decision as to whether to continue the interaction deepen it or eject okay. It was originally designed as a conversational attraction device for women to use on men. So that they could sort out the losers from the keepers in one date or less and. So and it's very powerful we modified it a little bit.

So either gender could use it you know with either gender in pretty much any situation besides of digging context. So it's very powerful. But it begins with that with an understanding of the echo technique okay. The longer they talk the more connected to you they become question.

Dolores is how do you do that and install an independence in the students. I don't understand that question. Laura can you rephrase it or clarify it for me it'll cause your listener to fill her understood and accepted in pickup and seduction parlance we call this validation human beings are validation seeking machines they will orient and gravitate to people who validate their sense of self their identity their social status yada-yada-yada using the echo technique properly generates a feeling of validation and acceptance in the other person a feeling that they are desperate and hungry for and they will move heaven and earth to keep it and. Then is asking is it possible to practice and use these influence techniques remotely not face-to-face okay.

I need you to clarify remotely are you talking remotely lik through a video or a chat are you talking remotely as in like psychic work. Laurel. I would combine. I would combine the echo technique with criterion values and use it not.

AG language to install and build up his own sense of ego and self-determination use his words to guide him to the behaviors and the activities that allow him to take an action and accomplish something and also be aware that he this this tactic he's using may also be a secondary game mechanism to get you to do [ __ ] for him just because you're using this technique with somebody doesn't change their character it just changes how they feel about you okay. You can use it to change character and behavior if you have those techniques. But this is a connection validation seeking an amplifying mechanism okay. This is where it gets really cool and the.

Last part of this the echo technique matches every single internal filter a person has. So if you remember the the. CPI model the universal persuasion protocol where. I talked about controlling your state getting rapport using your language managing their state jumping into their process and bonding to their criterion values five out of the echo technique satisfies five of the six steps it will it will deepen report it will it will bridge between that rapport and what's most important to that person allowing you to manage their state it will automatically match every single internal process that they have for making the decision you want them to make.

NLP isolates anywhere between three and five unique structures that govern how our thoughts are processed there's a. V a. KC because in other words a visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory part of the brain a firing sequence that the brain goes through the echo technique matches it perfectly we have meta programs which are ways of filtering information and processing information on our context-free echo technique matches it perfectly you have criteria and values echo technique matches it perfectly you have strategies echo technique matches it perfectly people have a preferred modality in other words they have one particular sense that they use more than others like their visuals or auditory kinesthetics and echo technique matches it perfectly and they have convinced your strategies strategies that let them know it's that allows their neurology to accept a command or a process as being true and literal for them echo technique matches they're proud of their process perfectly and you don't have to do anything weird you don't have to think about it it'll all you got to do is give their words back to them in a congruent way you don't have to modify tonality you don't have to change volume you don't have to do any of the weird things that. NLP says you need to do all you got to do is give them their words back and all of those mechanisms are activated if you can match their tonality match the speed at which they talk match their volume.

Then these things become stronger. But you don't need to their words are enough you don't even need to use all their words if you can't if people talking long strings of verbage the only thing you have to remember is the. First couple of things they said and the. Last couple of things they said use those it will run perfectly another one of the byproducts of using echo technique is you get your memory improves you get the ability to learn longer and longer strings of dialogue and information and by definition because you can remember it you can now analyze it which means you could mine it for additional hot words or hot buttons or emotional triggers and utilize those in your dialogue to make the communication with that person even more powerful in fulfilling.

I have not found a single language found in a single linguistic technique that is as simple to use and as pervasively powerful as the echo technique and. I don't want you to believe me if you're new to this just go out into the world and start using it okay. Now if you're using it on people who can't escape like bartenders or waitresses or waiters be a little bit more respectful okay. Because what will happen many times is that you will become.

So fascinating to that waiter or waitress if they will it will spend all of their time with you and ignore their other customers which could get them in trouble okay. It will also sometimes get you a lot of cool free stuff you didn't ask for free desserts free drinks whatever. So what. I recommend to all of my students and.

I challenge you to adopt this for yourself is adopt the echo technique as your go-to method of communicating with anyone you meet don't think of it as a technique think of it as a way of life and people will just orient on you they will gravitate to you they will want to spend more time with you and after a while they'll just start giving you stuff they will just start giving you stuff and yeah you know the concept of ethics comes up and. Brian's was good to kind of throw that out there it is possible to use this echo technique unethically we don't advocate that we don't think it's ever necessary to lie to cheat to steal to resort to any of those those manipulative methods to get what you want all you got to do is find out what other people want link it to what you want and people will do what you want them to do out of default it is possible to do this remotely in a psychic sense. But you need other skill sets to go with it okay. Zig.

Ziglar said you can get anything in life that you want if you just help enough other people get what they want the problem was is that he had the right. Idea. But in most cases not am or not as precise a tool or understanding as we're giving you it is the same concept abso-freakin'-lutely. Zig was amazing.

But this whole idea of active listening of paraphrasing of words substitution that a lot of trainers are still doing is simply not the case it's not actually the most effective way hostage negotiators for decades have known they know this that a person's exact words are the best words to use okay. It doesn't get any more stressful or fluid than hostage negotiation right. I didn't develop my technique from hostage negotiation. I developed it from a different different application.

But when. I found the reports from the hostage negotiation field they dovetail perfectly with the systems we develop. So we integrated it. So whether you're doing.

David groves clean language whether you're using my echo technique using. Chris. Chris losses tactical mirrors as he calls them it's the same concept and it goes right. To the identification principle human beings are moving through the world searching for themselves to the degree that they see themselves or hear themselves in you is the degree that they bond with you that they trust you that they give credibility and authenticity to the words coming out of your mouth okay.

I'll give you one. Last thing and. Then we'll review the offer one more time and. Then we'll call it for today.

First of all thank you all for for dealing with our technical snafus. I know it wasn't easy okay. If you know this goes to ethics if you know you go back to this if you knew that the echo technique was the single most desirable ethical authentic powerful way to communicate with another human being. Then it gave them the exact feelings they most wanted in the exact way that they wanted to happen and you deliberately chose not to use it who's the [ __ ] now move through the world giving everyone you meet the gift of validation the gift of feeling understood the gift of recognizing that they've been understood and they will move heaven and earth to deepen those relationships with you and it really doesn't matter if it's in the barroom the classroom the mediation room the sales room the bedroom be the reflection of the people that they want to see avoid projecting yourself onto other people and making them wrong for not doing it the way you do it and life will be the path to your door okay.

But again don't take my word for it just go out and use it and prove it to yourself just prove it to yourself any questions before. I review the offer and give you guys the. Last chance to jump and not as asking about influencing in a psychic way the optimal training program for you and not will be to start with killer influence and. Then jump into vibrational influence one which is remote influence and remote viewing skills if you have an interest in healing.

Then you might want to take vibrational influence level two which has a focus on distance and remote healing and. Then we have a vibrational influence class coming up on. Next week which is all about law of attraction and manifestation. So we have a few seats left for that that's a virtual training.

So you it's live online just like this if your should not see it check in with. Stephanie and she'll be happy to give you information on that brian is asking am i familiar with robert greene yes. I have a huge amount of his stuff. I have art of seduction.

I have mastery. I have 48 laws of power the other one you want to get is 48 laws or laws of human nature that is an amazing book. If you don't have it you need to get it what do you say again if they catch you and repeating their words if they catch me repeating their words. I say well.

I just want to understand any better. I want to make sure that. I. I get it right.

Is that okay. Who's gonna say no. Who's gonna say no. I don't want you to understand me better right.

And if they do if they do flag should go up flag should go up because if you're delivering the echo technique from a sincere desire to connect and understand what you should be and they couldn't they and they respond that way that tells you about them and. Then you have to modify what you do we don't create systems for the exceptions. First we create systems for what is most likely to happen to you what you're most likely to encounter because if you sort from the exceptions. First you'll spend all of your time reinventing the wheel every human being is a unique precious snowflake they're all different.

But not that much and that's the thing you need to process when you when you have a system that you can apply it frees up bandwidth to deal with the exceptions that prove the rule okay. Nothing in the world of human influence is a hundred percent. But this comes close comes really close yeah laws of human nature was really powerful in fact our killer influence program coming up in. July is on counter manipulation and social self-defense techniques psychological self-defense and a lot of the material on narcissists frenemies and stuff was drawn from the profiles in.

Robert. Greene's book. Among others. But if you're interested in protecting yourself from social predators narcissists sociopaths dark triads.

Machiavellian things of that nature you might want to consider jumping into the killer influence training we got coming up in. July because we're going to be focusing and drilling down on how to use these skills for social self-defense and again you can reach out to. Stephanie with that they might get hurt sometimes when we use their words hasn't been it really depends on what your intention is now the words their words will affect them more viscerally than probably anything else. But the the mode in which is to live the energy that you wrap around it will color how they process it.

So if you mean it in a violent vindictive petty way. Then it'll be processed that way and it'll have significant effect if you use their words from a spirit of commiseration or alliance of support. Then their words will actually create an emotional alliance and alignment with you and them that can go a long way in influencing them to a different way of thinking about situation yeah. Diane said no.

One's ever noticed that yeah they do they just keep talking and that's good because the longer they talk the more connected to you they become whether they become sexually or romantically attracted you know there's a couple of other ingredients that you need to leverage that up or ratchet that up we talked about those in the. CPI. Euler influenced programs it can't happen with just the echo technique it doesn't usually the echo technique usually just leads to a deeper level of trust connection moving into attraction. But if you have a couple other things like social status and vibing down.

Then it can move very very rapidly or three magic questions it can move very very rapidly into attraction and that's what you want yeah if you're interested in those courses and we're gonna go deep dive into some stuff that isn't normally talked about. I'm gonna teach you how to do it how to spot it and how to defend yourself against it okay. All right. So.

Last time you should scream. So once again this is the. Last call for those of you who are in the fence and wonder one of those. Last.

VIP tickets our secrets of human influence home study course hold for persuasion training package includes 17 videos the seven-stage universal persuasion protocol buy in two thousand and seventy nine dollars forbidden secrets of human influence killer influence home study manual $418 value the three-month trial membership to the. NT power mastermind mentoring program is priceless plus the ten years of archived video foot that you can just binge watch to your heart's content bonus video weapons of mass destruction scientific and seductive story telling secrets recorded lie of 1950 dollar value bonus number two objection obliteration renegade reframing on the art of conversational belief change this is a fun course thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value yours free bonus if not a presentation skills charisma and conversion on command night at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars the fast action stealth instant conversational-hypnosis crash course valued at nine hundred and ninety seven dollars and of course the free. VIP ticket to any single live event in our 2020 2021 calendar this is especially important if you live in like the. United.

Kingdom or the. European. Union where the prices for our events are always in pound sterling or in. Euros if you have one of these.

VIP tickets you get in at an even deeper discount because those exchange rates are often much higher and when we do events in. Europe we use we use the local currency to price our events not dollars when we go to. Australia we use. American dollars because we take a major loss.

So if you have one of those. VIP tickets you save a huge amount of money both in terms of the actual cost of the event itself and the exchange rates. So if you're on the fence you might want to consider that as part of the your influence or your your pros list as you decide on that total value eleven thousand two hundred and ninety four dollars all you need to do to grab that is go to. WWF once calm /go once again that's.

WWI your influence calm /go what. I'd like to do now is. I'm just going to go ahead and pick any last-minute questions before. I send you off into the ether or not.

I can't seem. I can't see my chat board my check not. David. I just this.

Stephanie. I just wanted to jump in and say that. Brandon is working. I'm sending out those welcome emails you'll get it from him don't see it check it check your spam.

But they are being done manually. So takes a little bit of time. So be patient we got your order we appreciate your enthusiasm and your patience for this process my administrative goddess. Stephanie is always behind the scenes making sure you get the best possible customer service and you get the products you need.

Brandon and. Henry the team of. Jett webinar in spite of all the snafus they're always working hard to try and make your viewing experience the smoothest possible doesn't always go the way we planned. But.

I appreciate their efforts and. I know they work hard and. So my thanks to them and my loyalty to them because they helped it honestly if it wasn't for a lot of what they did five or six years ago we wouldn't be here now. So they're a big part of our team and.

I just want to recognize them for their help in this process you go ahead where did my where did my screen go let me shop see. I'm gonna stop sharing my screen okay. Okay. Again w.

I'm gonna type that link in the chat one more time. HTTP colon backslash vww got killer influence calm type that right. /go killer influence calm /go thank you all for hanging out. I love you all look.

Forward to the. Next time we get together. I hope it's live. I hope we get to see each other live it in person and and have and go back to the way we do things rockin world's takin names this is.

David. Schneider over and out god bless.
