Title: NLP TRAINING: How To Stop Emotional Eating, Binge Eating, and Food Addictions
File Name: 72TBt3wJFv8.txt
Video Id: 72TBt3wJFv8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72TBt3wJFv8

Don't you come on in um this is our action performance car's 10year anniversary party and today in spite of all the free food we're going to talk about weight loss because. I just love hypocritical talks like that there is tremendous power in. Paradox remember that oh we're battery. Pack's not on all right.

There is tremendous power in. Paradox okay. Especially if you can resolve them you find keys to new understandings. So um let me give you a little bit of background about my journey in terms of weight loss which by the way to me is still an ongoing process right.

Because losing the weight um is part of the job the big one comes in keeping it on right. And there are many many many factors um in our world that conspire against us right. Wish. I had a before and after picture.

But. I don't. So today we're going to talk about um ways that we can use. NLP hypnosis and other thing adjunctive therapies as.

I like to call it uh for weight loss and and. I have a a pretty intense. Journey that's going like. I said ongoing to this day in terms of that 2005 to 2008 was kind of like the.

Chrysalis period for me when. I went from being probably the heaviest. I had ever been in my life uh to probably the thinnest. I had ever been in my life um and and a weight that.

I maintained for for quite a few years with little to no. Um excessive maintenance for lack of a better word uh. I'm going to talk about some programs. I'm going to talk about what.

I did because. I can't talk about what anybody else does. I can only tell you what. I've done uh what has worked for me in my uh clinic for people um and weight loss is almost always never the problem by the way weight loss or or over being overweight is almost never the problem it's almost always the symptom always the symptom.

We. Will. We. Will pack on weight for just about any emotional reason you can think of most of which comes down to security period end of story some kind of security issue is um you know.

I had a a young lady just the other day grew up in a very very uh poverty stricken part of the world and develop this massive fear of not having enough and even though she was in a society where abundance is just everywhere the the hoarding behaviors the the uh you know the the saving it or eating as much as you can when you can you couldn't turn them off you see the problem that and we'll talk more about some of those things um in our trauma release. Workshop because a lot of the reasons that we put on weight like. I said um to some of the crowd earlier that came in when you're looking at 15 20 even up to 25 lbs um more often than not it's some some lifestyle issue you know you're just not getting enough exercise you're eating crap or or whatever uh. But you start hitting 25 30 35.

L. PBS and you're probably looking at body armor you're looking at uh some kind of protective issue um and uh interestingly um one of the guys whose weight loss protocols helped me a lot was a doctor atw simeons uh who created what he called a what he called in the 1950s a cure for obesity and it was based on the use of human corion gonadotropin which is a hormone produced by pregnant women okay. Uh uh a rather. Infamous marketer by the name of.

Kevin. Trudeau several years ago uh published a book. Uh known as the weight loss cure they don't want you to know about right. Um and the book.

Was basic basically a complete well not a steel it was definitely highly based on the original simeons protocol now the interesting thing about the simeons protocol is he he he because he ran an obesity. Clinic he got gained tremendous insights into some of the other reasons that people pack on weight now it's kind of intuitive for us especially for ladies. But this can also be true for men um when you see somebody who's 30 35 40 50 100 pounds of overweight uh a lot of times it's because of a sexual a sexual incident that happened when they were very young where they received a certain level of unwanted attention because of their appearance this is a very common theme in in some forms of obesity that we see um. But there's a corollary that siman's discovered and that is many times a frustrated sex drive will cause people to overeat okay.

And the reason for that is is that your your hypothalamus which is the part of you that controls your drives in case you didn't know that um we have several. Primal drives those of you who how many how many of is this your. First time in a either seeing me um or or with me this is your. First time experiencing the the scariness of.

David okay. Cool it's a scary place. So couple of couple of disclaimers even though we're in a medical clinic okay. Uh.

I will give you my standard. Meetup disclaimer if politically incorrect language swear words colorful metaphors or the word boobies offend you not the right. Place for you okay. Uh if straight talk or provocative language offends you now leave now for it's too late um.

But if you like straight talk if you want stuff that you actionable stuff that you can put to work right. Away you're in the right. Place okay. Now the interesting thing is when we talk about drives remember that the drive part of our neurology is controlled by your.

Reptilian. Brain otherwise known as your paleo cortex okay. And there's this this part of your brain. I like to call it the pig.

Factor okay. And all it wants to do is eat and it will eat for any reason your parakeet has an existential crisis you know um it's it's the trash man's birthday let's have some cake right. Oh well we have one let's have two more because it's okay. Right.

Um what happens is when we when our drives get stimulated for whatever reason whether they're protective mechanisms whether they're survival and they're all survival mechanisms you got to understand that a lot of the things that causes problems uh behaviorally and. I. I count be emotional behaviors as behaviors as well are trauma induced and again maybe. I should have started this week off or this this day off with the the lecture on trauma uh just because it's.

So relevant to. So. So many things in. So many areas that we touch on.

But especially with weight loss you see most people who are um in the 30 plus range their body their weight gain isn't lifestyle there may be contributing factors from their lifestyle. But it's always an almost always an emotional drive that needs to be satisfied. But we find a substitute that's when. I was getting back to the hypothalamus.

First thing that happens whenever we have a drive that's being uh compromised we start. First of all the drive that that it does not get fed get stronger that's the. First thing you need to understand it will you know if a drive is not being fed it will start to take up more and more and more bandwidth in your brain and your awareness until you can't ignore it anymore if the drive that you're trying to satisfy cannot be satisfied with the direct object that satisfies it your hypothalamus will look. For a substitute the most ready substitute that we have is food right.

But remember remember it's apples for oranges right. There's no. Amount of food that you can eat that will give you an orgasm right. Or that will give you that sense of being connected and held and comforted right.

But it's the closest we can get because many times the pleasure associated with eating that food is close to the pleasure we felt of having connection of being safe it's close enough does that make sense right. Your neurology is not logical it's not rational and it doesn't care what you think. I know that sounds weird. But the truth is is we are emotional creatures we are.

Primal creatures and as long as we we try to intellectualize these behaviors they will run your life okay. So a lot of what. I do here is about finding the emotional reasons that are driving the behaviors we satisfy those emotional behaviors we free the trauma induced self that is perpetuating the behaviors and the weight starts to go away weight starts to go away okay. Um when.

I lost. I was about. I think when. I went on my diet for the final time well when.

I began that part of the journey. I was 230 pounds 230 lbs and. I lost 70. PBS and.

I kept it off for well. I'm still still off. So. I guess.

I'm still there. But a lot of the people that went on the same program that. I went on either didn't make it through the program or the minute they went off that weight came back like a monster in spite of the fact that the maintenance for the diet was the most easy maintenance on the planet imagine this for a moment imagine imine if all you had to do after fig after finishing one of the most rigorous demanding diet regimens on the planet what if all you had to do after you finished that you got your goal weight was weigh yourself every day and if you ever went more than two pounds beyond the weight you finished the diet at you ate nothing the entire day for dinner you have the big steak in an apple you wake up the. Next day and the weight is gone anybody here think they couldn't do that how many people think they could do that guess what nobody did why you can eat anything you want after you get off the diet all you got to do is weigh yourself every day you hit you know if you finish at 158 one day you hit 16.1 fast for the day eat a big dinner eat a big steak and an apple that's not a hardship right.

You wake up the. Next day the weight's gone two pounds overnight and they can't do it think about that for a moment why because the weight was never the problem the weight was never the problem if there is a reason that is being. Satisfied by that weight gain it will sabotage your efforts every single time either right. Away or on the back end okay.

The one thing the one thing that separated. My. Success from everybody. I know and.

I. I. I used to get calls from my friends. I can't do this.

I can't do this um the one thing that separated me from them was that. I went directly after the emotional reasons. I was eating. I did the self-clearing work and there was nobody else to do it.

I had to do it myself. So as imperfect as it was it was still better than what they were doing. So understand comfort food has a is very pervasive right. And it has ramifications.

But more often than not it's the emotions that drive the bus right. So when we talk about weight loss in terms of hypnosis we can address it or. NLP which is to me an advanced form of hypnosis um we we go for we we start with simple stuff. I like to just.

I like to go for the jugular when. I'm when. I have a client um. But sometimes that's that's a little too invasive.

So we start off with simple approaches um hypnosis is great for modifying behaviors if there are things that you're not motivated to do or things that you're um finding hard time with habit control we can address that directly we can find out the reasons while you're doing those things we can actually hypnotically suggest and give instructions to your unconscious mind to do something else we can amplify the good feelings associated with those new behaviors and you'll tend to want to do those uh when people start getting in 20 30 40 pound you know the danger zone. I don't even bother with that most of the time right. Away the. First thing.

I want to do is. I want to find the emotional reasons why you're eating because if you don't deal with the emotional reasons why somebody's doing something the neurology will fight you. I have done change work on people um and. I've literally watched them reverse engineer the change and go back to being stuck if you ever know anything about nlpi accessing cues and they auditory visual eyes.

Just. Dance when they do things in the brain. I've literally watched people's. EXs and q's reverse the change.

I just did because we didn't go to the heart of why they were doing it in the. First place does that make sense okay. My my process here at the clinic that. I or that.

I. I. I call it the the easy intermediate and you know. Nukem for morbit it's the only way to be sure approach uh hypnosis and hypnotherapy is the easiest way to create weight loss without dieting because we can actually address behaviors that are leading you to do that we can also address the emotional reasons why you're eating and give you something instead of it.

I over the years now since 2005 10 years doing this now plus before that where. I actually taught hypnotist for free for over 10 years um. I have looked into the hearts in minds of thousands of people and the one thing. I can tell you uh regardless of the problem they're presenting that inside every single one of us is a scared lonely child terrified of being a alone and desperate to be loved and accepted and everything else that we do behaviors we generate is to satisfy that drive and the fastest way to heal anyone is to give that child the one thing they want most someone to be there someone to accept them and love them.

But there's only one person that can anybody idea who that might be himself and. So what we do we can't find it inside we start looking outside and we start looking for substitutes and anything that allows us to feel good about us or even temporarily addictions you see this a lot you know and food can be considered an addiction anything that we become psychologically dependent on is addictive. So what. I do is.

I. I deal with. I. I usually recommend that people start with hypnosis and.

NLP it gives you the biggest bang for your buck uh if you need extra help using acupuncture. I'm a licensed acupuncturist. I'm a diplomate of. Oriental medicine.

So as. Dr. Dawn uh we can prescribe herbs and we can do acupuncture to help stimulate your metabolism um and resolve what we in. Chinese medicine like to call internal dness or spleen.

Chi deficiency as we like to talk um and. So. So we can help you that way by stimulating your systems and. Then um if you need to lose it fast and you need to.

Ser significantly reshape your body we recommend that you apply the original. Simeon. HCG protocol which uh was put out in a manuscript you can find it on the internet for free it's called pounds and inches the. HCG program is based on you have to have it prescribed to you.

But there are companies now who have on staff doctors who will give you your physical and give your your question and prescribe it for you. But it is self-administered when. I was doing it you had to inject it like you would insulin now you can only have sublinguals and things like that. But.

I will tell you from my personal experience and my wife has a pH. Dr. Don also has a. PHD in.

Biochemistry. So when when my friend presented this protocol to me. I gave it right. To her.

I said is this real and she goes it looks like it would work let's test it and. So we did we used ourselves as guinea pigs and that began the journey right. Um. So if you're really really overweight and the interesting thing about the.

HCG protocols and this is again not based on what the doctors who created the program or what guys like. Trudeau who is credibility is marginal to say the least in many re. But based on what we see clinically. HCG has a lot of other really really good side effects to it actually there's no.

Negative side effects that we've seen okay. It has a tremendous rejuvenative effect on the body yes. Is this. Su sum some suan.

Summers no. No. No. No.

The doctor. I'm referring to is. Dr atw simeons no. No.

Right. Yeah. I was just thinking of that htcg for for for well. I'm.

I'm. HCG is the is the substance that's we're using substance. I cannot prescribe it and. I again that would be the self-managed part.

But for those of you who have a lot of weight to lose and you want to do it it is the most rigorous diet you'll ever do. But if you do it right. You won't be hungry on it either even though it's a 500 calorie diet. But the effects that you get are dramatically different than if you would just do the 500 calorie diet without the.

HCG. But you don't recommend it for people who have like 30 pounds or whatever. I would not recommend it by on it on by itself oh right. Than exact because if if in my world again this is the world according to.

David it may fly in the face of what medical authorities say or or what other experts say if the things. I say don't resonate with you don't do them right. But what. I'm saying is if you've if you are more than 30 lbs overweight uh and after you take it off it comes right.

Back um there's your weight is probably not the problem it's probably the symptom and. So we need to well hello you guys remember them you seen the videos um you need to address the symptom and that's a lot of what we do yes. Sir what if you just like to eat there's nothing wrong with that nothing wrong with that right. Right.

I yes. This is my middle child that's my oldest right. There she's a show stealer isn't she she has no. Weight problem she too skinny aren't you all right.

Go find. Mommy. So the way. I.

I scale what. I do and most of us most people never get to the acupuncture much less the. HCG all right. Because a lot of times when people come in we start dealing with the the security issues we and their behaviors start to normalize.

But if we do need to address more weight stuff. Then now it becomes a behavioral thing now it becomes things that they're doing or wanting to exercise more you're just fascinated that's the youngest one right. There. Show.

Stoppers see you stole my thunder again you little brats uh. I have. I actually have video of uh like from martial arts seminars that. I went to and uh my colleague is getting up there to get presented his certificate and promotion to 10th degree black belt and as soon as he walks up my.

Cassie walks up and goes steals the show. But um. So we we do hypnosis in. NLP which is also a little bit of energy psychology.

Then we'll go into acupun if we feel you need a little stimulation um metabolically uh we'll use acupuncture and herbs and. Then if. I if we need to do something radical uh. Then we'll.

Then we'll recommend that you you look. Into the. HCG program um from as far as. I'm concerned that is the you know the nuke it from orbit it will take the if you if you stick with the program it will take the weight off you the maintenance is in fact the easiest maintenance that you can have because real literally once you're off the diet once the protocol is over you you can eat anything you want as long as you weigh yourself every day you hit you you break that 2B buffer do your maintenance you wake up the.

Next day you're back to square one you're back to you know your your end point if you can't maintain that something else is going on and every single person who did this protocol with me while. I was doing it relapsed. I have one friend now he's probably done it at least twice a year since 2008 that. I know of and he's close to 300 lbs most of the time okay.

He'll take off 30 40 50 pounds in one in one session and. Then soon as he comes off of it boom it comes right. Back right. So emotional stuff is what we need to address now the interesting thing is let's see how much time.

I have here we started a little bit late. But what. I'd like to do if it's all right. With you.

I'll. I'll feel any other questions you have. But if you'd like to go on a little trip. I'll teach you some really cool uh ways to run your neurology.

So you can start to modulate how you respond to food and begin to understand your neurology a little bit differently would that be useful okay. So before we start on that are there any questions that you have what happens with. I've seen. I mean it's nothing personal or anything.

But. I've seen that even the number for child obesi is up right. Now oh yeah our everything about our society is stacking the weight on us there is there is. I started a joke earlier that when.

I. First started talking about you know. Dawn's culture uh vers where. Dawn came from or what we have here you know 30 4050 years ago a single chicken would feed a family of four mhm now we need a chicken for you know chickens to do it right.

But think about that. I mean when. I was growing up. Mom would go to the store she'd buy a chicken right.

I go to the restaurant and. I can order a chicken for me right. It it's it's in it's it's really indicative of this whole super siiz culture more more more more better better better better right. Um and there and it and it goes directly to that part of that reptilian part of us that sees the world as a feast or famine kind of place right.

It's all reptilian you know you guys know what. I mean when. I say reptile right. Okay.

Um. So that's my. Approach now. Dr.

Dawn when we're done here she's actually going to talk to you about other natural ways to facilitate weight loss using essential oils and other things like that your sense of smell is extraordinarily powerful in helping you to maintain uh good balances on on your emotions balances in your your endocrines and things like that. So um. I highly recommend you pay attention to what she has to say as well okay. So nobody has any questions you just want to tr out yes.

What's your thoughts on thec fasting which people seem to. Rave about as um. I think. I think if you're using fasting as a weight loss method.

I think it's a bad idea no. Inter like doing it um every other day or. I don't know. I don't think that's a problem.

I think it's there's a lot of science there's a lot of studies that say it's very very healthy for us. But when we start going 3 four 5 6 days now we're starting to engage the same mechanisms that would go into effect if we undergoing famine famine yeah. I think as ironic as this sounds my belief is that erratic eating is actually better for you than regular eating. I agree like because if you think about the natural way we evolved we never knew where our.

Next meal is coming from right. And. So this idea of having regular meals um that's very new as far as our body is concerned you know when you think in terms of how long we've evolved been on this planet how long we've evolved um many times there's this this this um return back to you know. Palo diet what did we eat when we were evolving we were running around in the woods and all these things well as a if you think of it from a.

Paleo perspective or paleo perspective depending on how you pronounce it it makes more sense to do things that we were designed or evolved to deal with right. Because we want to go back to that because we were strong. I mean we were smaller. But we were strong you know you ever see the you ever seen the uh the uniforms of.

Civil. War soldiers they're tiny. I mean getting a drink of water was an act of like physical exertion. I mean.

So they may have been small. But they were strong right. Um. So again bigger isn't always better although we like to think.

So right. So you had another question question um. So you don't necessarily feel that being a vegetarian or anything. I don't think that.

I think there are benefits to being vegetarian. But. I also think there are drawbacks every every way of eating is going to have it it strengths and its weaknesses okay. The question is is the eating plan that you're utilizing delivering what you need right.

If you don't want to eat meat because it's you're because of moral reasons all right. Envir orental reasons that's fine. But find some way to get those things that you can only get from meat you know you know and again. I'm not.

I'm not going to preach any particular lifestyle you know because that's just not my job is to give you choices and find ways to to have the life you want based on that. So um uh. I'm a warrior. I'm a martial artist.

So meet to you know a beat a diet that's high in protein is kind of essential right. Because we need to rebuild our bodies more often than not uh the biggest nutritive. Factor by the way uh with regards to to weight loss is not has nothing to do with food it's sleep your sleep is the is probably the single biggest factor in helping to maintain your weight you guys may notice that when you're tired a lot of times fatigue you tend to eat right. So it it feeds you on both ends when you go through a lot of adrenal fatigue if you drink a lot of energy drinks a lot of coffee you stay up all right.

You start to develop a cre for sweets which is actually a byproduct of adrenal fatigue. So the more rest you get the less food you'll eat and when you do eat it won't be the sweet sugary stuff that spites your insulin right. And causes you to pack those things on right. And again.

I don't give it a lot of dietary information because that's just not my specialty. Dr. Dawn knows forgotten more about that than most people will ever learn. So you can just pepper her with questions right.

But here's what. I'd like you to do right. Now is. I'd like you all put your feet flat on the floor and you might want to close that that door unless people need to go in and out.

But we want to kind of now any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice they won't disturb or distract you in any way uh they'll just s you to relax and let go. So we're going to do two sets of exercises the. First one is what. I call um the.

Grid or the or the the we call it the grip okay. And and the reason. I say this is because if you think of. I hate to even actually try to do this because sometimes my pictures aren't the best this is your body on.

David okay. Now you have this thing called the spine right. I want you to think of the spine and the head kind of like well actually just think of the spine like a big antenna that radiates an electromagnetic field 360 degrees by 360 degrees. But.

I don't want you to think if it is just this cloud of electromagnetic stuff. I want you to think about it as a highly organized filing system a highly organized filing system and the basics of this system are we divide at the equator anything in the front of our body is active anything behind us is over you'll hear this in people's language many times say. I can't get past something or something's holding me back or. I need to get over this well if.

I get if. I step over something where does it wind up it. BS up behind me doesn't it neurologically neural linguistically when we have a problem it's never behind us when we say. I have this thing we say no.

We don't say that we don't even gesture that way do we say. I have this thing and we're gesturing out in front here's what you don't realize every time our hands move to a spatial location you're neurologically accessing information here and here simultaneously through your hands and through your proceptive nervous system if you can name it you can you your neurology will will generate a where that information is stored and it stores that information holographically let's have a let's have a little let's play a little bit with this now before we get into the. Next piece how many people have ever been little children okay. Every now and.

Then we get some smartass in the back of the room goes not me. I was fully formed. I came out of the. Vault and.

I say well how many people ever been little did you play pretend as a little kid how many people are play pretend as a little kid and. Then the smart guy in the back room says no. I did not play pretend. I did computational models and a little bit of.

Sudoko. But. Anyway how many people when you play pretend is a little kid how many people were girly girl how many how many. Tom boys we have in the room ladies good.

I like you already by the way this means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me right.

This means yes. This means no. There will be a test um this secret to the accessing this information is to be like a little kid again to play pretend because the same mechanisms that activate when you play pretend are the exact same mechanisms you access in a hypnotic state. So if you can play pretend like when you were a little kid point to where you feel the things.

I'm going to describe to you trust your. First impressions you can begin to change things for yourself quickly would that be cool. So here's the. First thing.

I want you do everybody stand up. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good not that one the other one whatever you want you're not going to tell me what it is. So. But as long as it gives you the kind of feelings that you you really want.

I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard. I want you to feel what you felt. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where those feelings originate. I want you to physically point to it with one of your hands physically point to it. I can always tell who's going to get changed because.

I actually follow the instructions right. Point to where you feel it look. Inside with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color go with your.

First impression now while touching that color and that's that feeling connected to that color. I want you to imagine that floating in the space around you is a picture that represents that feeling take your other hand. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It. For.

Me. Now take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is. Then reach out and grab it and just for great and.

Giggles expand that window like the window on your touchcreen or on your your your your your iPhone and notice what happens to the feeling in your body make it even bigger. I see a lot of smiles up there that's good excellent now shrink it back to its original size lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happened now what do you guys notice laori what do you notice feeling good it gets stronger or weaker uh. Stronger how many people notice it got stronger how many people notice it's almost like you're in it now very good lift that sucker back up how many people know what a frisbee is okay. Want you imagine this thing is like a.

Frisbee now. I want you throw it all the way behind you back behind the. Horizon until it disappears completely and. Then take a tour of your body and notice what happened to the feeling.

Laura would you notice. I don't know. I'm confused you're confused you're feeling. I you don't want to really.

Let. It. Go nobody wants to let it go you can have it back in just a moment. But for the sake of the drill throw it behind you and notice what happen it came out is the feeling gone um kind of yeah yeah kind of all right.

How many people notice the feeling went away very good now imagine. You' have big old super powerful electromagnets in your hands suck that thing back and now. I want you to make it as big and as as bright. And as juicy as you want and.

I want you to put it where you like it the best that's right. And as you do that. I want you to notice that energy soaking into your body soaking into your bloodstream and flowing through your bloodstream to every place that your blood nourishes. I want you to just pay attention to the situ the the sensations notice the process happening and as you do that notice it going into the very cells of your body into the very.

DNA and the mitochondria and it reprograms those cells turns them into a little pleasure. Factory. So that every cell of your body begins to generate more and more and more of those. Sensations more and more and more of those feelings until it's impossible to turn it off and just notice that process taking place and when you know you've got it you know it's impossible to turn off try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you know you got that open your eyes.

Look. Up here. James what'd you notice brother felt good feel good. U the switch was broken the switch was broken it didn't work you couldn't turn this off right.

You mean you're stuck feeling good now oh that's a suck deal give yourselves a big round of applause have a seat have a seat what you've just discovered was what. I call the grid the grid is an information storage organization and processing system that is subliminal it is below the threshold of conscious awareness the password to access that dashboard is a combination of your imagination and your physical body okay. Hello and if you look. At how we speak when we when human beings talk when human beings communicate they don't do this right.

Except when they're lying you'll see people animated and talking you'll ask them a question go what do you mean right. It's called the the freeze is something that. U you know counterterrorist agents and other law enforcement people are taught to look. For.

But the truth of the matter is is that we cannot access information effectively with our hands not moving the gestures people make tell you everything about where in their body they're storing that information how many people notice when they grab by the way find that picture again the one that you really liked trace the edges of it what happens when you expand the picture feels better feels better what happens when you make it smaller kind of narrows it down what happens when you. P when what happens when you push it away from your body stronger or weaker what happens when you pull it closer what the you mean there's some kind of mechanism some kind of volume control below the threshold of conscious awareness that allows us to modulate our experience of a memory yes. Most of our behaviors are based on our memories. NLP teaches us that there are two primary ways that visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory information influence us and that we use to influence the world one is the order and sequence of the visuals the auditories and the kinesthetics the firing sequence for lack of a better word that we use.

NLP calls those a strategy you have a strategy in other words what parts of your brain you access in a particular order for every single thing that you do every single thing has a v firing sequence and they're different for all of you some patterns may exist. But they will all be a v. AK. OG sequence.

But they'll be unique to you right. But within each of those categories visuals auditories kinesthetics old factories and gustatory you have attributes take the visual for example something can be in color or it can be in black and white it can be fuzzy or it can be clear it can be moving or it can be still those are all visual qualifiers or visual qualities there's. NLP calls the vogg the visuals the auditory they call those modalities and they're the building blocks of human thought not energy energy is just some abstract concept that has something imprinted on it okay. But as the the nuts and bolts of.

Human. Experience the nuts and bolts of human communication goes down to visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory information everything else is interpretation actually even that's interpretation. But it's those elements of the categories those sub elements the sub modalities of those elements that actually control your experience of an event of a memory that's why if you make an image bigger it gets louder in your neurology it amplifies neurological arousal if you make something smaller it diminishes it if you bring something closer to the core of the body it becomes more intense when we're cold and there's a heater in the room do we get closer to the heater or farther away we move closer to the heater why because we get more energy as these objects out here in your appropriate receptive grid move closer to your spine they take on more amplitude anybody here have a craving point to where you feel it go with your. First impression by the way here's how you get past all the the conscious crap remember this your unconscious mind which is who we're dealing with always answers.

First it always answers honestly you always feel like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit it and it's never loud it's almost always feels like it's in the background if you got any of those five elements go with it anything else tell it to go sell right. I was going to say go pound sand and. I kind of got that's it. Anyway.

Anyway my point is though we need to learn to trust our unconscious mind and we need to learn how to access the system the way you do this start with the feeling everything human beings do including overeating is about a feeling in your body true or not true everything we pursue in life is to generate a feeling in our body right. Good feelings bad feelings we move towards pleasure away from pain. So if everything we do is based on a. Feeling if.

I can find where. I feel it. I can begin to change it. I call it point- and- click therapy if you can point to it you can change it right.

When we get to the instant pain relief trauma removal and all those other things you're going to find out just how fast some of this goes away because at the level we're working at in the neurology the neurology doesn't care if it's a pleasure sequence or a pain sequence it's just data that the neurology is processing and playing like a loudspeaker right. So who here has a craving they like to get rid of okay. Here's how we're going to do it. First of all we're going to do a a more.

Super without going deep into the therapeutic process. But we're going to show you real quick how do we can start to move these things around how many people here have a feeling they would like to get rid of okay. If you if your hands not going up you're in the wrong room right. Whether it's weight or not it doesn't matter right.

The point is we all have feeling we want more of and we all have feelings we want less of. But we're going to do this as a group okay. I thought about bringing somebody up and doing a demo. But.

I have five minutes. So. I'm just going to do. I'm.

GNA zap youall. So. I want you to point to where you feel that thing you want to get rid of okay. Now.

First we're going to have an experience of the grid as. I like to call it. I want you to close your eyes. Look.

Inside notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression. Just. Go.

With. It. Now imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it with your other hand take both of your hands trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is excellent now here's what.

I'd like you to do there was some lessons. I want you to put a big big black frame around that image. First of all and there's a little extra thing we can do just to make sure it's the right. One pull it closer to your body and notice if the feeling intensifies the feeling intensifies you got the right.

One when you know you've got that put it back to where it was now going back to that big black frame around it. I want you to feel along the bottom of that frame and. I want you to notice you're probably too young to remember that when televisions actually had real dials and knobs and switches rather than touch screens and remote controls. But if you're from my generation you might remember that.

I want you to feel along the bottom of that frame and notice there's some dials and knobs and switches and one controls the. Volume. One controls the brightness. One controls the vertical hole.

One controls the contrast. I want you to find the knob that controls the contrast or the brightness. I want you to turn it all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left or turn the dial all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better and.

Then turn it the knob all the way to that direction most people seem to like the white. But some people like have it blacked out doesn't matter. Then taking the index finger of your dominant hand what. I would like you to do is imagine that you could write across screen of that black of that frame everything that this experience and the feelings connected to it had to teach you.

So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just start writing like a stylist on a screen and keep writing until you got it all on that screen now you may notice as you do this feelings and emotions come up that's okay. Let them it's just part of the process when you know you've got it all and. I'll take. I'll give you a few seconds to do this take as much time as you need.

But as as a group. I do have to move a little faster than. I would normally do if. I were doing this oneon-one once you've got it all written on that screen.

I want you to just reach up with both of your hands shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp maybe even smaller float it up over the top of your head back behind the. Horizon and. I want you to you know the sound a nail gun makes feel it nailed back there for all eternity and when you know it's back there nailed back there for all eternity try to bring the feeling back and notice what happens instead what happened. Laura it disappeared for the moment it disappeared for.

I'm not sure what's going to happen. Later it's go. I know what's going to happen okay. You'll be surprised to discover what happens what' you notice.

James oh stuck back there stuck oh comes forward. But it goes back it comes forward. But it goes. I mean it's.

I mean it's like really stuck back there what' you guys notice what' you notice like a forone from that huh the feeling that that was cre now. I have. Rel from that feeling exactly most of the problems we suffer with aren't necessarily because of what happened to us in fact none of the problems we have are because of what actually happened to us most of the problems that we have are behav behaviors based on how we recorded what happened to us the best part is you have control of the editing de you can change every single thing about the structure of that memory and when you change the structure you change what your neurology does with it most most of the time we're moving around with what. I would call cluttered desktops if you ever looked at my.

I could bring up my computer this is actually a cleaner one compared to some of my other computers you can't see my desktop because there's all that stuff in the way files are open everywhere the vast majority of us have basically that kind of a setup in our proprioceptive grid out here we have all these files open and some are very close to us some are covered by others here's the thing functionally we need to understand your neurology treats those things like solid objects you follow what. I'm saying they're. Holograms below the threshold of conscious awareness and they're pregnant with energy and instructions to the nervous system and your neurology is constantly trying to balance all of these things which is the big problem that we have now um does anybody still have a craving no. Oh.

I guess. I'm done thank you guys uh. Dr. Don will be up in just a few minutes and.

Then we'll be coming back we'll be talking more about uh instant emergency pain relief we'll be talking more about trauma relief um all those other things and yes. Howon would actually like you to do the raffle the. F. So what am.

I doing oh we're going out here going out here. I guess we're going out here to give more free stuff and we'd also like you to announce the pizza on as.
