Title: Platinum Ask Me Anything With Dr. David Snyder
File Name: 7FqmhxVy6fQ.txt
Video Id: 7FqmhxVy6fQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FqmhxVy6fQ

Re for for for e for for e e hello hello hello everyone. Dr. David checking in how's everybody doing on this fine post. Thanksgiving whatever the hell it is how y'all doing girls guys children of all ages let's.

Jump. Right. In. Holly.

B talk to me okay. Um. So uh for face reading. I'm realizing.

I'm getting better at reading individual facial components and um you know. I might be able to say the element even. So like yeah they've got heavy eyebrows. I know that's you know the wood element or their you know cheekbones or the metal element.

But. I'm still struggling to determine someone's overall primary element. So. I'm wondering can you either give me some tips on how to better do that or give me some examples of people who are different elements.

So that. I could get better at that um fastest way to do it is look. At the predominance of dominant of of dominant features and do a proportion proportional analysis that way look. At their body type do they have a water body type a wood body type a metal body type.

Then look. At their face shape and. Then look. At their dominant like the mountains the mountain features and the ocean features of the face.

So you know are the nose and the cheekbones and the jaw how prominent are though and if you could rate those in terms of proportions to one another how many times does wood come to the top of the list how many times does. Earth come to the top of the list how many times does water come to the top of the list and from there you can probably determine a ratio of what the different elements are based on the features and there from there you can probably sus out one or two of the primary most people aren't one element it's it's they they're an. Amal of. But there will be some things that kind of jump out at you the extremes that'll be the easiest ones to pick out is the people who are average that will be the hardest ones could you give some either examples of people maybe who are in the meeting or celebrities or something like that or um in terms of well do you have uh do you have uh.

Lillian's book. Yes. Okay. Well she has classic metal faces water faces and uh.

I don't think. I have it readily available as a. PDF otherwise we could show you um. But when we look.

At uh like. First of all wood versus. Metal think of a lot of uh metal people can be tall wood people can be tall the difference will be that um a wood a more metallic person will have much more refined features. So um see if there's anybody that's um nobody's really super metallic in this group um.

Maria. G is very earthy and watery uh although she's got she's got some wood in her wood people come in two sizes they can be short and shrubby right. Uh or they can be tall and like a like a like a pine tree they're very tall and very statues the difference is is they got four people in the waiting room and it just keeps getting better um oh let me get these people on the list really quick before. I get lost in the sauce.

Andre. El jumped in at the. Last minute that. I don't have on my list.

Laura do some of you guys have you there's there's metal in you. But your your your body types are not metal that makes any kind of sense um s me do you let me. Circle back on that because. I'm gonna have to find like there's nobody that's that's like stereotypical wood or stereotypical although.

Bruce has a little bit more wood in them. Bruce where's. Bruce. Bruce turn on your are you.

Dy driving in the dark yeah well. I'm driving home. I just at dinner all right. I'm in.

Rochester. New. York it's like dark and gray here right. Now just snowed all right.

Well we'll have to. Circle back how many of you planning oning us for uh for. Jing training uh. Next week.

I can't hold on. Then. I have my my screen up. I can't see everybody um any all joining us through.

Zoom or in person or whatever. Al. So. Maria's going to be there and they're they're all coming in at the.

Last minute. So. I'm trying to jump back and forth here uh who was that okay. Um hold on a.

Second. I'm getting. I'm getting besieged. I need somebody to play.

We this. Melissa. I see your private message. I will try to get to that as soon as.

I can go. Susan think that was the. Last one okay. Uh yeah give me some um.

I don't know that. I. I'm going to take a lot of time looking for body types um. But.

U. But just. So when we look. At body types.

So when we look. At metal people you're looking they usually have very broad shoulders. But very slim lean figures um and they they can both both wood people and uh metal people can be on the wiry side the difference is when you look. At a wood person you'll see very thick very ropey tendons they'll have almost a their their features will almost look.

Branch-like as opposed to someone who is more metallic they'll have a very fine smooth aqualine very defined features which is one of the. Hallmarks of the metal element is it defines boundaries and. So people with these very defined features these very long aqualine almost like somebody took. A a like a fine sandpaper and just smoothed out all the rough stuff that's a metallic person right.

But they still they they will still have they will tend to have sharp features right. So they'll be finished and sharp kind of like metal the end of a metal table versus the end of a wooden table right. That's it's it's it's um whereas people who are more on the fiery side they could have pointy features right. And they.

But they'll be smaller they'll be they'll be much more think of an elf like the keer elves or or or they're usually not very tall unless they're like these big sculti guys who have a a wood in them right. Along with that fire right. But they're usually small they're their features are usually very pointy right. And they never stop moving like you can tell a fire person by the fact they never now would people never stop moving either the difference is between.

Order and. Chaos like when a wood person go they have a very specific place that they're going get out of my way a fire person may want to go that way. But they'll go here and here and here and here and here and here and here and and they'll be all over the place because they're more they're much more fiery in their uh in their approach to they're more random in their approach things they're much more dopam energic. So are greyhounds metal um they have a in my opinion.

Greyhound has a very strong metallic side. But it also has a lot of um could consider it fiery because they're very fast and and one of the. Hallmarks of fire is speed right. U this is one of the reasons why when we talk about dopaminergic.

Pathways being dominant fire people um they're just all over the place because they they never their brains never stop moving right. They have. So many different interests right. And they get.

I like mornings. I hate mornings. So if your if your. Greyhound gets up early before you do.

Then you know you have a problem um. Dave what's your question me you dude um. I don't know. I guess [Music] um.

I feel like sometimes when like. So if you do something and you succeed or whatever. Then your brain becomes entrained to think ah this is this is good this is a good thing this is better than. I thought or whatever if it's something you're maybe like you don't like doing or something.

But. Then if you do it and. Then you kind of get you know. Kickback basically.

Then that seems to just basically make it worse um which like in the sense of you do the thing and. Then you fail or whatever you get some negative feedback or you get a reaction from your body or or something and. Then you're like. Then your body you know now is like more afraid of the thing or it's you don't want to do the thing as much or whatever it is.

So. I guess my question is like how do you deal how do you deal with this. I mean it's just like. I feel like [Music] um sometimes.

I have all this. B about all different types of things and caring what these people think and these people think or this person did me wrong or whatever and. Then thinking. I should not care and this and that.

But. I feel like it just all is a ball of. SCH just just a whole bunch of mixed a very. AR artistic and creative new vocabulary that.

I just. I just feel like sometimes. I take actions and it works out great and. I feel better and.

Then sometimes it doesn't and and sounds a lot like being human to me and uh it just it's just a struggle basically and. I don't. I don't want it to be a struggle. I'm.

I don't know. I'm just what specifically are you struggling with because it sounds to me like life just another day on planet. Earth oh. I don't know there's just a bunch of different stuff and.

Then feeling like. I should do one thing and should do another thing and it's all kind of just conflicting well when you say should according to who well. I don't necessarily know sometimes what the right. You said which implies that somebody's something somewhere is saying this is the this is what you should be doing yeah.

I guess like what happens if you don't when you say. I should do something something. I should do. X thinking of one of those examples that you should do what happens if you don't what what if you don't do that what happens well there could be negative feedback from not doing it too like in the sense of like as sort of a trivial example.

But if. I just don't clean my bathroom. Then it just gets grosser and grosser and. Then you know.

I can't let people go in my bathroom because it's gross right. So like more important to you having a a non gross bathroom or the other. But. Then sometimes it's it feels like the path isn't.

So clear and right. First of all you're you're caught on the on the you're caught on the hamster wheel of critical thinking remember at the bot at the end of the day this is. David talking. So you feel free to disagree or go and find a an approach that works better for you right.

Irrational problems require irrational. Solutions your challenge is is you're trying to find a definitive right. And wrong and there isn't one because you're not defining who's saying you should who's saying you shouldn't there's a very simple approach to this when you have two choices you just ask yourself what's more important to me having. X or not having.

X doing. X or not doing. X which works for me right. What's in harmony with what.

I believe is right. And wrong for me not what my mom told me was right. And wrong for me not what my friends tell me what's right. And wrong for me not what society says is right.

And wrong for me what's right. And wrong for me according to me and. I think once you start defining that for yourself it just becomes a simple matter of comparing the your hierarchy of values which is more important. X or.

Y right. And it doesn't mean like if if you have a choice between. X and. Y right.

And you love them you love both choices right. But one you love a little bit more it doesn't mean you won't experience regret and pain and feedback because you chose y over. X because there's always going to be an an opportunity cost for some things it's just how it it's just how our our s our system goes right. What's important at the end of the day is that we're at peace with the decisions we made and we know why we did it right.

And until you know what your values are and what that hierarchy of values is and how you know those values are being satisfied you're just going to be on the hamster wheel of critical thinking because you're going to be bouncing back and forth between everybody else's values instead of yours yeah. I mean and with regards to that. I. I guess.

I sometimes. I'm you know. I'm looking at like well what would this person think is a good idea or what would that person think. But.

Then the people that. I know like trust or whatever have conflicting opinions and they might want me to do a certain thing or a different thing or your meta program is you check with everybody else. First and. Then maybe do a check on yourself.

But it sounds like you're being extremely externally referential which may or may not be right. For you yeah. I maybe trying not to be. But sometimes.

I guess. I just am not sure what the answer is. So. I look.

Around at stuff around me and. Then get more confused and again and that's what overthinking does. I said the hamster wheel of critical thinking right. We get into this analysis this paralysis by analysis at the end of the day if you check in with your unconscious mind and what your values are whatever comes up.

First is usually going to be the right. Answer even if it has immediate consequences in the long term it will probably be the right. Thing right. But you got to know what your values are and you got to know you gotta you got to decide for yourself how far down your golden path you want to go because until you decide to really embrace your golden path you're stuck in the m mat right.

When you start to embark on your. Ming your golden path. Then you're going to start running head head. First into other people's opinions for who you should be and where you should go and what you should do right.

And. Then you're going to have to make decisions about are these people important enough to me to change what. I know is right. For me because they say.

So and that's why the golden path your. Ming is in inherently an antisocial path nobody can the doubt the doubt that can be explained isn't the true doubt each and every one of you here has your own personal doubt the path that you're walking and a lot of you have things that are in common and are going in the same direction. But as you go further and further down this path you're going to become progressively more specialized and individualized even as you guys all become more more the same it's going to be a very weird interesting. Paradox right.

But that's how it is. But you have to decide at some point who you're living your life for are you living your life for you are you living your life for what other people say is right. For you. I've tried doing it the lad way it doesn't work it's a it's a recipe for misery and regret yeah.

I made a lot of mistakes along the way. I've eaten a lot of crow stuck my foot in it in numerous times. But at the end of the day that's what got me here right. So when you come in and say.

I should do this and. I should do that and. I should do this and they say. I should do this well.

First of all anytime you hear the word should for those of you who aren't familiar with. NLP the word should is a red flag for what we call a modal operator of necessity a modal operator of necessity is a way of thinking that defines what you have held as being true for you what's possible in your map of reality they're not true. But your brain treats them like they're true. So when you hear the word should have to need to ought to these are words that imply that some external rule is being imposed on you even though you're imposing it on yourself you're treating it as if it's being imposed on you and it's limiting your sense of what's possible.

So the way that you begin to challenge that is through what we call metam mod in the. First thing and again you have to pay attention to the language you're using right. And. Then avoid getting caught in the hamster wheel of critical thinking or recursive thinking.

So if. I hear myself saying. I should do this. First thing.

I want is this well what would happen if. I didn't or. I should do this well who says and. I like that that question better because.

I guarantee you anytime you hear the word should in your head it's somebody else's voice even if on the surface it sounds like your voice if you follow it back to the source it's not your voice it's somebody else's voice that you've adopted and and and installed in you that's defining the rules by which you live your life okay. So this is something that we as conscious individuals have to be very very aware of we have a mind we have a brain we have a soul we have a spirit we have a. Consciousness. But only the soul can be really and even that we can transcend is not who we truly are there are things that were created that we inhabit and we bring to life.

So to speak right. And that is and we get lost somewhere in those translations up or down and we forget who we are truly and where we come from and that is the work right. The moment we forget who we truly are we buy into the. Egos and the personalities and the the sub routines that our systems create to help us survive and thrive in certain situations and we forget and we we stop checking in with what feeds our spirit and what what feels right.

To us because it's right. For us that's when we get lost and that's what all the three-letter agencies and all the other isms out there are are trying to do to you they're trying to distract you and be less embodied because the further your spirit your soul gets out of your body the more aut autonomic and automatonic the meat becomes and the meat is the productive part in this in this in this realm. So the more they can turn you into a worker. B that's not autonomous um the better they like it.

So check in with you when you find yourself doing the. Ws the shoulds the needs toos the have toos two questions who says and what would happen if. I didn't from there now you apply your reframes and when you take that that idea you take these. I should do this what would happen if.

I well who said according to who and what would happen if. I didn't right. Now you start hitting them with your different reframe patterns and what's going to happen is that map of what your reality is what what what you're allowed to do what you're allowed to have what you're not allowed to do what you're not allowed to have the hard lines that define those things are going to soften and dissolve and as they soften and dissolve you're going to wind up with more choices different perspectives on the same issue that allow you to make a better decision. So once again if.

I had to outline it in a process. I should do. X who says or according to who what would happen if you didn't right. And.

Then right. Is it possible it's not it's. Y which is more important. X or.

Y um it's is doing this going to lead to this or is it more likely going to lead to this what would happen if everybody thought that way now. I have all these different reframe patterns that you can apply to this aspect of your model that will change your ability to think about it and when that happens you get more choice. But at the end of the day the. Last person the.

Last people that you should be listening to is everybody outside of you contrary to popular opinion one million people can be wrong right. Well that's sure just not often does that help yes. Thank you you're welcome sorry. I'm gonna get off my soap box there.

But no. Thank you sometimes we get you know we talked uh at the. Last vibrational class we talked about this how many people remember when. I talked about how many have never heard me talk about something something called.

The. Lemon l i m i n anybody here not familiar with that term okay. So for those of you who uh missed. Last vibrational we were talking about remote viewing and remote influencing and stuff like that in every human being there is a we all know the concept of software yes.

We understand the concept of. Hardware yes. Do we all understand the concept of firmware and what that means okay. Bob you're up explain firmware to our to our cohort ladies and gentlemen the.

Great and. Powerful. Bob. Paddock oh goody this is my day job actually is designing firmware you have you have the hardware that takes a takes some kind of program it's just going to sit there and be an inert piece of junk until you tell it what to do you have your source code which is the listings on the computer you got to turn it into something that the actual.

Hardware understands how to execute that's the firmware okay. So in the remote viewing world uh especially from the lind. VI. Canon school we talked a lot about how there's this firewall or firm.

I. I think of it more like firmware. But he he used the term firewall and. I don't think it's well firewalls can be somewhat permeable.

So. I guess that's kind of okay. But there's this thing called. The.

Lemon which exists between between the conscious level of awareness and the other than conscious level of awareness and it's very very difficult to get things from one level to the. Next if anything more information flows uh from the conscious mind or from the from the unconscious mind up through that limit into the conscious mind. Then the other way around. But we're only aware of everything that's above the limit.

So when we have a thought that thought can't necessarily trickle down directly through that fire and. So it starts to spiral and it and as you start to uh analyze a thought it triggers another thought that thought triggers another thought and before you know it you're spiraling from one thought to the. Next. But you're stuck at this higher this this superficial level of.

Consciousness where nothing changes without a long long series of repetitions. So in. Planet. David how do we fix that well we start with point to where you feel it and this is where again what we do interfaces with a lot of what what the the military remote viewers or influencers discovered was that you can't logic your way through the limit the fastest way to circumvent the lmon is through the body.

So the minute. I start with these recursive thoughts and no. Matter how many times. I do mental gymnastics.

I can't seem to get anywhere with it or. I wind up back where. I started or. I'm playing six six of one half dozen of anytime.

I find myself doing those games you need a a little red dot. R. Le signal light should go on or a flag should go on that you're stuck in a cognitive uh. Pamster wheel and the moment that happens you need to go right.

To the body feelings and when you dissolve it at the um at the body level. Then all of a sudden that that looping stops right. So this is something that we want to look. At again is like we can try to rationalize and analyze out of it all day long.

But if we keep having these intrusive recursive thoughts you're not going to you're not going to lie your way out of that right. Because you're at the wrong level you need to go right. To the source of of the body feelings and and the moment you you you disconnect it there. Then a lot of those other things will start to resolve automatically uh.

Bob says the mind has no. Firewall from the. US. War.

College okay. Kage sorry my bad thank you. Bob. Bob is always a fountain of interesting studies and information gotta love it all right.

But does that make sense when we find oursel in these spiraling recursive thoughts we need to we need to get out of that because we're we're stuck we need to get down here and we're stuck up here and we need to go through the body to get there go back into the body resolve it there and those because that's the fuel source that's what's making the wheel spin faster and faster and faster right. So the minute you pull the plug on that you'll get a resolution. But it's not rational not the way that we we think of rationality okay. And.

Then we could go to the the whatever processes we want to use or find yourself stuck at this is remember the. Triad right. When whenever you catch yourself just conflicted spiraling go there's a place in my body where the feelings and the reasons behind that are stored where in my body would that be. First impression zap it there with the.

Triad notice what happens to those thoughts you'll find more often than not they go away or they change in a way that's allows you to have a very clear resolution right. Yeah that's the secret anytime we find ourselves spiraling we're stuck we're like that we're like the the web the the web page that never stops loading. So what do we have to do we have to reboot the page well when you go here you're rebooting the page gotcha right. Makes sense okay.

Thank you you're welcome sir um let's go to lady. Christine of. Sutton they call her. Christine.

Christine. Christine faster than lightning no. One in the sea is smarter than she except she seems to have disappeared from my all right. We'll we'll.

Circle back. Melissa welcome to the. David. Snider.

Platinum. AMA ask me anything what's your question um technical question okay. Put in the chat okay. So am.

I um. Can can. I read this out loud because it's a direct message yeah okay. So she says if.

I may ask the idea of a permanent unchanging soul that reincarnates feels like an illusion. I think that the soul is just habits. Tendencies karmas and desires that reincarnates until it becomes pure light liberated okay. My question how can the.

Soul be separate and how does how do frequency patterns imprint on the fragments of. Consciousness well. First of all the soul again you have to this is what. I was taught you have the.

Creator you have. Source right. Source exists as light with light with a capital l from there aspects of that light break off and fall into density that density we call the soul that. Soul as it moves towards the the yin pole of the universe which is also the.

Creator starts to form a spiritual template that template is your blueprint. But because of the the different vibrational densities in this whole light based. Continuum that. Spirit creates an energetic body out of denser elements and that's what we we talk about the energy body the astral body things of that nature that energetic sheath known as your energy body or the astral body is what pulls in still denser elements from the physical level to create your physical body the soul itself is is a very very high fragment of divine energy.

Divine spark that create. But it can't exist and it can't move about freely at these lower densities. So it creates a vehicle a vessel if you will that allows it to move at these different vibrational frequencies and depending on how further down that vibrational. Spectrum you go the denser the bodies have to be it wouldn't surprise me at all if there's actually something even more dense at some vibrational dimension than the physical body because it's fractal and holographic we develop karmas and desires and uh habits as a byproduct of moving from that soul level.

Consciousness into a ver a level of. Consciousness that can function at these lower vibrational densities and at some point we get lost in the soup we get lost in the sauce we we we forget who we truly are and because we've created a you know using to use a a very simple level like when we're born into a family. So we we come in as a soul and we're shining you ever notice the light behind a child's eyes. Is just the brightest you'll ever see it's because their their soul is as close to the surface as it can get because it's just it's a brand new body it's just incarnated and that light even though you can't see light you see light does that make sense.

But what happens is what happens is as we move through this vibrational plane we encounter things that we we didn't deal with at the higher vibrational planes people telling us no. People yelling at us hunger thirst fear cold hot all these things that we're not are at a at a soul level like oh this is new right. And. So what happens is we start to we start to want to we start to try and learn your the the human brain is never more plastic as when you're born you're basically this big organic hard drive with no.

Data and whatever you encounter. First becomes the. The. Hook.

And the the standard for everything else right. If you ever been if you've been around playet. David for any length of time this is for all of you right. Or or you've been studying hypnosis or.

NLP or even behavioral psychology to a certain degree they'll tell you that the human brain sorts for what's familiar it doesn't sort for what's good or bad least not in the not in the sense we think of it in a conscious way it's when the only thing that we really know when we. First come into the body and we come out into the world is something if either feels good or it feels comfortable or it doesn't it's either something we're familiar with or it isn't beyond that everything is changeable malleable and adjustable. So if you're brought into the world and you're held and you're you're fed and you're nurtured and people speak kindly to you at some point as your brain continues to grow and develop and absorb information it starts to equate those. Sensations and those behaviors with a word known as love and because it was there.

First because it was there most often as your system hardens in other words when you go from a very plastic very fluid set of cognitive development into or to something that's much more static much more. Frozen. So to speak that becomes the way it is and that's what your brain will unconsciously sort for. But before.

I go any further for those of you with a vibrational think about what. I just said we come in and we're very plastic we're very fluid we're very malleable right. And. Then.

Things become more solidified hardened. Frozen dense right. When we look. At the a brain we look.

At somebody's the density of a person's cortical connections right. This movement from higher vibration to lower vibration is fundamental to everything that we. EXP experience right. So you come in and you start getting all this information and it creates these neurological connections and over time you keep having the same experiences and those same neural.

Pathways get. SP get fired over and over and over again and that muscle that mental muscle grows. Then at some point your cognitive development slows down and those cortical. Pathways become very very solid very very developed and that becomes not only what's familiar.

But the the way you're impelled to behave and to sort for even if you consciously know something different if that's what was there. First and that was what was there the longest there will always be inside of you an. Impulse to go back to that you see this a lot in older people who are approaching their transition point they start to go back to their old religion they start to want to revisit their their childhood places their their whole home they want to go back to what was what familiar my my father-in-law is from mainland. China.

I can't think of a place. I would never want to go right. But yet as he gets older and older and older he spends more and more time going back to. China.

I don't know many people who would voluntarily go to a police state right. But he does why it's home it's where it's. EV everything that's been inside of him the longest and the strongest is active and he wants that does that make sense our brain will always do this even if we know consciously it's not good for us now you're not you're not out of luck those things can be modified. But it takes more energy and it takes more technique and things of that nature.

So going back to uh. Melissa's question every time we evolve every time we. Embrace a new way of looking at the world our. Consciousness and our priorities shift that is a functional in in.

D in. Planet. David that is the functional definition of changing. Consciousness is what you're aware of what you perceive and the meanings you assign to it that's.

Consciousness from a functional level. So as you evolve and you grow and you start to see the world through certain sets of filters your nervous system will always bring into your awareness whatever is in a harmony with those filters and it will exclude anything that doesn't fit we call this a critical faculty by the way. But underlying it all is this this need and this desire to sort for what's familiar now at some point in all of us there's this memory that drives us that there's some there's more to this existence there's more to me the capital. M than what.

I'm experiencing we call that. God hunger in some cases and and that's what you're starting to refer to when you say the soul is uh reincarnates until it becomes pure in light what happens is we go through these iterations and something inside of. US starts to question things and it starts to look. For ways to improve ourself and.

So that downward spiral of. Consciousness when we go from. Pure light and soul to an incarnated ego extension begins to slowly reverse itself and we start divesting ourselves of all the old versions of our s and the habits and the beliefs and the limitations that we've imposed because of our socialization our education whatever. I whatever asan you've been you know subjected to and we start to see the world as we move back towards that source of light.

So your question implies that we don't come from the from. Source down we start from. Habits and karmas up and. I don't know that.

I can argue with that because. I'm going by what. I was taught. But.

I've noticed that most people um as they evolve they tend to get lighter right. Now does that mean that we start off um as nothing. But an animal and we evolve higher. I.

I don't know. I can't. I can't answer that question definitively. But what.

I see in my chair over and over and over again is this we come in we go through this period of growth and. Then for lack of a better word de. Evolution where we become a slave to the external forces in our life that tell us who we should be who we shouldn't be who we should love who we shouldn't love what gender we should be what gender we shouldn't be and all that other and at some point we become self-aware enough to realize that what everybody else wants for us isn't what feeds our spirit what what makes us feel good about this path and we start asking questions and exploring different. Avenues and every now and.

Then we come across one or two little things that say this is what. I was meant to do and we get that little flash of light and insight and as we follow those things we start dropping the karmas and we drop the habits and we drop the the the less than healthy desires and things of that nature not because somebody forces us to because they're no. Longer important to us right. So how can the.

Soul be separate how does frequency uh patterns matter everything that is in you is a vibration is a pattern imprinted on a vibrational. Matrix interacting with other vibrational. Matrix as you as you apply the the lens of. Consciousness and awareness to those habits and fragments those patterns will do one of two things well three things they'll either dissolve completely uh they'll change or you will modify that or you will transcend them right.

And you'll start to understand that pth. P at a much higher level. But everything that human beings are engaged in is basically a series of patterns imprinted on vibrational medium and quote. Forest.

Gump that's about all. I have to say about that. But um hey bsabi uh welcome from. London uh we we got you on the list we will get to you as soon as possible um okay.

So oh it's oh it's like midnight out in there. So let me look. Look. At.

Betsy's uh is that am. I pronouncing that right. Betabi or bet or how do how do you pronounce it sweetie what's the best way to stop those negative thoughts spinning or framing. I would start with.

Framing and. Then go right. To spinning that's that always seems to be the one two combination for that um and the reason we do we do the framing. First is because if you're if your nervous system has an ulterior motive for holding on to that stuff the framing will will neutralize that.

So you can get a more successful. Spin and a lot of times just the act of just the act of framing it will just completely neutralize it. Anyway. So it's always more efficient to start by.

Framing and. Then spinning okay. Um. So hopefully that helps let me go to my list here by the way.

I see you hiding ailia. So you can't hide from me ha all right. Uh um. JJ you're up hey.

David how are you better all the time my friend awesome hey. I want to thank you for introducing us to the liquid luck you like that yeah. I got that hypnosis that hypnosis. CD he has you can thank.

Bob. Paddock for that he dropped that he dropped that little nugget for us thanks. Bob because it did some good for me yes. Um there's a lot lot of juice in the in the everything that gallenberger puts out has some serious.

Mojo in it um and while we're on that subject. Gall for those you don't know what. I'm talking about we're talking about. Dr.

Joe gallenberger um he is one of the leading experts in my opinion on psychokinesis using the mind to influence reality uh for the past 10 15 20 years or. So he's been doing weekly or monthly workshops in. Las. Vegas where he takes normal people teaches how to do psychokinesis and.

Then they go into the. Las. Vegas casinos and rock the crafts tables and slot machines and stuff like that um for those you who don't uh. Dr.

Joe is actually one of the one of the senior instructors for the. Monroe. Institute how many of you have heard of the. Monroe.

Institute okay. If you've ever heard of astral projection the. Monroe. Institute was one of the.

First ongoing organizations in this country if not the world to to to. Really dive into the. Art and. Science of um of astral projection and and related phenomena uh and even if you haven't heard of the.

Monro. Institute. I'm pretty sure pretty much all of you have heard of something called hemisync anybody here not heard of the concept the technology called hemisync how about by neural beats okay. But one of the very.

First people to. Pioneer by neural beats and hemisync was a guy named. Robert. Monroe the founder of the.

Monroe. Institute no. It's hemisync not holosync holosync may be a different variation because of copyright. And.

P and patents. But. Bob would know more about that than. I would.

So there's a lot of good stuff uh out there the problem is and this is something. I'm gonna. I'm gonna warn you again. I'm not.

I'm very free with my sources right. As you know. I will always tell you my sources what. I will warn you against is what we call attention deficit product collection disorder and that is where you rush out and buy every single resource that.

I mention and you sit with this big pile of digital and not. So digital stuff wondering how the do. I put this together when do. I find time to do all this right.

I've literally had people come to my mega. Retreats they see my bookcase and all they do is whip out their cell phone and start videotaping my bookshelves okay. Trust me there's two ways to keep people stuck one don't give them enough information the other give them way too much okay. So um for those of you who are into manifesting and all kinds of really cool psych um the.

S creation program and anything that the. Monroe. Institute puts out having tested the. Technologies and stuff like that um highly recommend it um.

But once again make sure you know what you want to achieve before you just start randomly buying stuff right. I'm just putting that out there you you're you're all adults most of you except for me because. I'm never growing up because that's just. But uh.

But don't just motherload things. I'm. I'm working very diligently on synergizing all this stuff. I will always give you my resources and where.

I get my stuff. I take credit for the synthesis not the source. So the things you get from me are are my. Creations based on my distinctly weird.

World viiew um and my exacting demand for results. So um un and if it's not directly from me. I'll always tell you that. But um i'.

I've have most of our people now have had enough amazingly cool phenomena happen using uh gallenberger stuff in combination with our stuff um that. I feel very confident and and very very um. Happy actually to pay it forward and let people know about him and when you do buy his stuff please let him know you heard it from me and from. Doc from.

Big. Bob right. Um and uh we'll see where that takes us. Anyway um.

I think. I answered the question there. But if not. I never asked the question ah there we go okay.

What's your question. I. I had written up three questions to ask you uhuh. Then.

Then something you talked about led me to ask you a different question okay. There's something. I've been thinking about it's like when people go. I'm by myself.

We're. Never by ourselves you know we got like. I am. I'm not the body the body and.

I am separate the mind and me are separate the soul and me are separate the energy body and me are different and the spirit body and. I are different. So there's always somebody to get in. Port with.

I can work on getting in. Port with my body. I can get in. Port with my mind get in.

Port. So forth. But uh. Then.

Then the question is am. I each of these things at one time or am. I just separate from them am. I like sometimes am.

I the. Mind am. I the energy body am. I the soul or am.

I just a separate entity of all these five things that's a really great question and the answer is yes. So and let me let me elaborate on that. So you know we've all how many of you have ever played the mind game where. I well you know let's all do this together unless you're driving if you're driving don't do what we're about to.

I want you to close your eyes. As you close your eyes. I want you to use that amazing imagination of yours and. I want you to imagine that you're stand you're sitting in your living room or your kitchen whatever your favorite room in the house is and even if this even if there's no.

Television or bookcase or any of the things. I'm going to mention in the your favorite room pretend that there is as we play along with this. So. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to become aware of yourself in your favorite room and. I want you to look. At the to your right.

In that room and notice what's on the walls what furniture is there and. Then. I want you to look. To your left and.

I want you to notice what's there and. Then. I want you to look. At the ceiling and notice what's there and look.

At the floor and notice what's there right. And look. At the wall in front of you and notice what's there look. At the wall behind you and notice what's there perfect now step out of yourself and look.

At yourself from the perspective of the right. Wall. So you should literally be standing inside yourself looking at yourself now imagine that you're in the that that you are the as you're looking at that part of yourself that stepped out of your body imagine that you are now the wall behind the body that just stepped out of that body. So you can literally see the back of a body watching your your body in the room in your mind when you've got that just.

Nodge your head excellent now while you're doing that go ahead and and just go back collapse everything back into your body in that room and and as you look. At where the television is or the computer monitor is. Imagine now that you're the computer monitor looking at yourself standing in your favorite room and as you look. At yourself as the computer monitor or the television standing in your favorite room imagine that the other part of you can step out and look.

At yourself in your favorite room and. Then you can see your the you was the wall looking at you who just stepped out of you in your favorite room while you're your the television is looking at you and you can see all those things and just take a few moments and just kind of oscillate back and forth between those different points of view and. Then when you feel comfortable with all of them do them all at the same time and. Then answer this question for me which one's the real you now collapse everything into one person go back fully into your body open your eyes.

And look. Up here which one's the real you they're all me yeah well which one's the real you the real you is meta to all of it. But because it's meta to all of it it encompasses everything else. So we talk about when.

I was answering um. Melissa's question about the soul the soul is that infinite. Divine spark that creates everything and that because there's nothing outside of the. Creator which is what your soul is in your version of this reality.

Then anything that you conceive of is below the the level of the. Soul because the soul is the closest thing you have to being in touch with the. Creator right. So which one is the real you well technically it's the soul.

But even the soul is a piece of something larger that's just more aware. So every time we go through these different levels and these conceptions of levels we're subdividing our. Consciousness we're subdividing the totality of what we are and the way you figure out which one you are at any given moment is where is your awareness what are you focusing on what are you paying attention to because that's where all of these fields collapse into a point we call awareness or or. Consciousness or.

Focus or attention like where attention goes energy flows yeah right. It's a it's a it's a we collapse from a field to a singularity and. Then back to a field. So can.

I. Collapse my intention and focus to my energy body or to be more accurate can. I expand and make my awareness and focus less dense. So that.

I can perceive the subtle vibrations of my energy body and once. I do that can. I expand and and make my awareness even subtler that. I can perceive the spiritual aspect my spirit body moving my energy body or can.

I focus to this physical the physical object of my finger. So if you've ever heard me say the mind is gravity this is a way of exploring that when we expand our awareness we're not talking about concentrating our. Focus are we because concentration is what that's density and that's why a lot of times when we if you're doing things like spoon bending or putting out candle. Flames or or lighting up.

U fluorescent light bulbs and stuff like that you have to oscillate between not giving a setting an intention and letting it go setting an intention did we didn't we learn this somewhere set it and forget it that oscillation is exactly the same oscillation when you want to bend a spoon you're just doing it at a different level of. Consciousness it's the same mechanic we have to expand the field we have to get less dense and out of the way. So that these other forces can do their work without interference and that's what true. Enlightenment is it's not learning something new it's dissolving the fields of density that keep you from perceiving what's already here it's about giving up.

So that you can become who you always were. But everything about the human condition is going from light or. Infinity to finite to finiteness it becomes more focused more dense more discreet until it becomes. So dense and.

So discreet it becomes all the same again right. It's a very interesting. Paradox does that answer your question. So instead of saying.

I'm by myself. I could say. I'm with myself you are yeah right. But you know the question is you're never alone if if you want to again.

I'm moving from meta from quantum physics and astrophysics and whatever into these these different spiritual disciplines right. And the only thing we can do is is refer to what astrophysics and quantum mechanics and all these other things are telling us and look. For the parallels in the metaphors that are being used for thousands and thousands of years and seeing where they overlap and where they support each other. But at the end of the day if you if you if you go by.

Buddhism. Daoism. Christianity cabala. Huna um any the sh you're never alone at any given moment you are always.

Connected. To. Source you're surrounded by your guides and your teachers and your your older brothers and sisters as see who. Johnson likes you're never truly alone the loneliness that you feel is an illusion right.

It's that sense of disconnection right. But when you realize that that's something that you created because of your density because of your aifi and. Frozen perceptual filters and belief systems your traumas right. The.

C to use the the cabalistic term the shell that you've created to protect yourself is frozen energy it's frozen vibrational fields that lock you in just as. Sur as it as it's supposed to keep stuff out and when we melt that which is called reversing trauma by the way our. Fields expand again and we reconnect to the ocean we've been floating in this whole time. But because we're flopped inside of our own little bubble we think we're alone.

But we're not everything that we're connected to never left we just made a shell and as we get rid of it we realize we always had people on the outside waiting for us to open the door. I don't know if that makes any kind of sense. But that's my story and. I'm sticking to it um does that help yes.

Okay. Bruce you're up guys are banging me with some serious questions today man. I had to put on my thinking cap for some of this um. I have a couple questions um.

First of all. I. I want to just comment about about the soul. I actually had a a zoom call with a uh a breath work instructor in in.

India and you know obviously you know what cities are. So. I guess one of the more um less developed cities is just you know to see. ORS and apparently this guy is you know somewhat developed and you can see my.

Ora he he told me after looking at me that this is my 600th uh. Incarnation and. I was like holy like that was freaked me out he said. I've been a king before you know the incarnations and it just you know just really uh threw me back just some really out there stuff to tell me about myself that obviously subject to your own personal belief.

But. I don't know. Anyway um. So my question is um it's going back to um vibrational influence you were talking about um uh doing remote influence at the end of the um the course and um.

I want to just uh go back to a question. I had about metaphors um creating a metaphor where the subject of the influence would attribute um the the metaphor to me like what would be a metaphor that. I could come up with that would attribute um the metaphor to me and and to. My outcome does that make sense not really in other words.

I mean people go through all kinds of random stuff in a day they have 50,000 thoughts if. I send a metaphor to to someone. I'm trying to influence how are they going to know or attribute it um the metaphor to something the thing. I'm get to do rather than go go to.

McDonald's or or you know make phone call you done it right. Then the structure of the metaphor will match the structure of the interaction that you're going to have with that person the other way that you can do it is by inserting symbols and and. Trigger words into the metaphor that you hope will transmit through the lemon and into the person's into the person's own version of the metaphor that they're getting because in in in. Buchanan's work he says that they don't get like if you send if you want to lower somebody's blood pressure and the way that you do that is by creating a metaphor of walking on this beautiful tranquil beach with beautiful fluffy clouds and stuff like that um that's your metaphor.

But they might find themselves on a. Mountaintop somewhere watching clouds go by oh what is what is why is it to say that that's going to reduce the blood pressure if that's your outcome. I'm sorry because it's the scene that respon it's the scenery that triggers the bodily responses is. So when.

I'm on the beach and. I'm. I'm experiencing this tranquil relaxing thing well what am. I doing.

I'm walking on the beach and. I'm watching the waves and. I'm go by right. But when they do that when they do their version of that they may be on a.

Mountaintop watching clouds go by can you see the similarity yet the differen is in the structure of the metaphor similarties and that's and that's what translates through the nervous system this is how. NLP works is that we can see below the surface structure to the. Deep structure which is the structure of the metaphors we're running it's the same idea we're just in in. NLP we're using language and in remote influence we're using visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory experiences.

But it's the same idea structure transmits and processes and the the nervous system creates the unique expression of that structure um to to make it more native to that particular system. So like for instance if. I was trying to get someone to gravitate towards me to some extent like how would. I identify myself with with the metaphor as opposed to any other person in the world that's part of what.

I well there has to be something very very significant and unique that only you would embody or something that you might carry or a piece of clothing that you might wear that might like maybe a tall person that's bring giving value in the metaphor and something to that extent and they might. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not a complete expert on a lot of that stuff you might want to reference.

Buchanan's work on some like there's in his in in some of the. DVDs he put out he uh some of the remote influencers that he worked with did some very very complicated um influencing um. So you have to really take the time to think of the metaphor the structure and. Then you have to test it right.

But ultimately think. Inception there's got to be some kind of symbol or some kind of action that is embedded within the structure of the metaphor that will translate through the nervous system and be expressed in their metaphor as well. So they recognize the sameness okay. Um.

I had another question um during um vibrational influence um you did this um colloquy. U. I guess meditation um grounding it was really good. I.

I. I got a lot out of it. I've been doing that and um it seems like it's fueling um the the um image cycling would that make sense. I mean it's like and and actually um.

I think you recall in recent amas. I mentioned that. I was having some obstacles it seems like they're dissolving now which. I'm.

I didn't think. I was going to see it. But. But.

I am. But. I think maybe that that might be uh dissolving some of my my obstacles too absolutely is absolutely is. I've.

I've. SE everybody who's been everybody who went through that training is having very very similar experiences really yeah oh that's awesome. I've had not only synchronicities. But manifestations too like every single person who who that.

I've talked to that been through that training same things are happening oh really well that's outstanding and. I thank you for that by the way he an outstanding job with that course thank you. I was divinely inspired literally all right. All right.

Uh. Bob. Paddock talk to me the big bomb well. I came with a question.

I'll get to that. Next. But. First your thing about the wood and uh fire and metal and all that from the beginning did you ever read any of amanuel venos work no.

I never even heard the name until today damn you. Bob now. I have another form of research. I have to do okay.

Emanuel banovski yeah a link to a book. That'll summarize yeah there's one chapter in that book. The book's called uh how to how to design a flying saucer and other. Concepts in speculative engineering you just throw me down one.

Rabbit. Hole after another aren't you well it's it's the same. Rabbit. Hole basically it comes down to where our progenitors came came from okay.

Where millions and millions of years ago uh the people with long narrow faces are descendants of people from. Mars okay. Not in any solar configuration you're familiar with without reading velenosi and the native earthlings uh have more roundish faces and interesting and. I just wondered if that fit in anywhere.

Then you probably don't have an answer since you. I do not. But. I will.

Next year this time. Next year. I will probably have a definitive answer for you okay. Now the question.

I actually came with. I. I just had cataract surgery on. Wednesday in any of your modalities is there anything that will make this heal faster yeah color breathing spinning um get um uh you're familiar with gallenberger get get his uh.

Healing. Heart and uh forgiving heart meditations and use those. But spinning color breathing um all the if you if you just do the. First four or five.

Audios in gallenberger sin creation um you'll access that energy. State and that. Consciousness that'll allow things to heal. I've had uh.

Quantum leaps in my soft tissues uh in the late three or four weeks that. I've been using that stuff um. So it's it's again it can absolutely help. But.

I would go with. I would go with the the transformational tri. Triad um if you have any of the cheat like the. I would do the the pulling down the heavens one through 10 three.

Divine invocations um. I would probably do a. I'd spend a little bit more time on dredging. So just making sure that the channels are clear uh and.

Then breathing in healthy liver energy. So if you can find a ver if you can find a place with a lot of birds and a lot of trees green trees especially and if you if you go into if you go into the area and we we do our pulling down the heavens our three. Divine invocations and we expand our field and wrap our energy. First of all ask permission to to exchange energy ground go into that uh that heart synchronization state that that.

Joe like. Dr. Joe likes to talk about and. Then diffuse and wrap the tree's energy field in yours and dissolve into it and.

Then when you breathe breathe in a gentle stream of energy in through your into. Through. Your. Eyes.

Into your lower down. T back up and out through your mouth. So it comes in up and out and just breathe in that in a in a very gentle in andout kind of way that that energy from the green trees that will be very soothing and tonifying to your eyesite uh and it will help to harmonize your liver energy which is what is the organ connected to the the eyes. Okay.

Thank you no. Here one of the things. I want to very kind. I want you to be very gentle with that in that process and when you're done pull all of the energy back down into your lower dantean and cycle the microcosmic orbit because we don't want to leave any extra energy up in the eyes.

Because cataracts are stagnation right. So we need to make sure that we're we're we're we're we're airing more on the side of keeping those channels clean and flowing than super tonifying does that make sense yes. Okay. Um.

Maria see you added our. Last name on there. So we know who's who well kind of a self-preservation thing. Anyway what do you got for me um.

I have four things four things oh boy um the. First one is um. I want to kind of go back to when we were doing. The.

Mastermind and. I asked you um. I don't remember all the information you gave me. But.

I want to know more information about the two things that came up is the uh. F berer. I had and the um concussion meditation. So the.

First question for the fer. Bender. I figured out why. I got it or.

I that happened or made up a story of why that happened um and. I've realized that you know from the whole this year um it's it was you know healing after healing after healing um. I was always very proud to say that. I know who.

I was and how. I was like. I. I am who.

I am. I'm not going to change for anybody. But. Then.

I started realizing well before the car crash did. I actually knew who. I was at that moment for me to be. United within my bodies to prevent that from happening.

I don't know if that makes sense it's not making sense yet keep talking. So during that. Mastermind um the question. I wanted to ask.

I just couldn't. I'm actually happy. I didn't because. I discovered why.

I wasn't able to ask that question and that the question was when we have our our bodies you know our three bodies and everything each one. So if. I'm want to make sure if. I have this right.

Each one does it level up differently or does it level up the same when you say level up what do you mean um. So in my. So in my mind. I was talking to myself and we have our three bodies.

So one body you know gets an upgrade and it comes back and it upgrades all the other bodies um. So you know when one levels up it it communicates all the other bodies one of the reasons why. I feel like people are dissociated is because they're not letting the other body to come back and upgrade all the other bodies okay. Well one of the things.

I. I don't have a definitive answer for you um. But one of the things. I can tell you is that your body all of your bodies will change based on the lifestyle you lead and what you're doing just like face reading your face will change based on changes in your lifestyle how you think about certain things the emotions you let go of the emotions you repress those will all have vibrational implications what can happen when you receive a violent blow like you know get hit by a car thrown off a horse or tackled in a football game is that your energy body and your spirit body and your physical body can be knocked out of alignment and that's what happens a lot in concussions is that or concussion syndrome is that this the spirit body or the with the shin or the energy body is just just a little bit off and.

So it's throwing off your propriate reception you're balanced you get all this vertigo you get nausea you get all these things and. So in the concussion protocol we're literally taking the three bodies out we're harmonizing and balancing everything. Then we're putting the bodies back in in alignment and harmony and we're we're clearing up all the the stagnation and stuff. So that can happen with any kind of impact doesn't matter um and.

So the question becomes um do you do you have somebody who knows how to realign those bodies right. To see if that's that if that's what's going on okay. So my computer froze for a bit. So.

I kind of missed like a good. Last portion of what you said what was the. Last thing you heard um the concussion once you started talking about concussion it froed okay. So did you hear a part where.

I said that your three bodies can be knocked out of alignment yes. Okay. So in our concussion protocol what we're going to do is we're going to we're going to balance and. T and harmonize and clear the stagnation.

Then we're going to bring the energy body up out of the physical body and. Then bring the spirit body up out of the energy body and we're going to harmonize balance and realign them all and. Then we're going to put them back back in and. Then we're going to we're going to tonify and harmonize the three danten the the microcosmic orbit and that should that.

Then that'll start to clear everything up um. But. So and that can happen with any kind of impellent force any any kind of blow that you take from getting thrown up off a horse uh walking into a door a book. Falls on your head you trip on the ground uh you get hit in football game what it doesn't matter uh any kind of significant impact can dis can um disalignment makes sense with the.

Next question. I was going to ask um when. I had the fend the. Bender.

I was stuck in bed for three days um and. I've got a little upset about the whole situation not not cuz you know just because. I just got in fend better everyone's fine everyone's healthy you know nothing bad happened. But when.

I was in bed um. I felt like. I took. A big huge step back because.

I felt like a. Pandora box just opened and. I feel like. I'm.

I've been you know when something happens. I. I spin it. I frame it.

I do whatever. I need to do and the ones. I can't because. I learned my lesson.

I told my brain just wait until. I have someone who can help me with this problem or issue and you know put it behind a back burner um. I've. I've with with the with you're saying with the concussion um is it cuz.

I since defend the. Baner and it's not. I for me personally it's not a big deal yeah. I got really uh sore and.

I was beded for three days. But it wasn't for some reason. I feel like like a lot of things changed in me like. I don't feel the.

Maria before the fender bender and. I. I. I have a feeling that.

I. I. I've been dredging a lot um. I.

I. I do 10- minute drudging and a 10 minute of the um bringing out the heavens one through 10 and the. Divine. Divine oh.

Next the other question. I was going to ask. I'm sorry my my brain's a little um. I've been doing the putting your your energy to the bottom and.

Then bringing it through your legs and it through the middle and feeling it and lowering it and once you have it done let it explode um well not explode. But let it out um it for some reason. I feel like things are not real. I.

I stop because stop you need to stop bringing the energy up and just focus on the lower down tient you need to ground you need to you need to activate those lower centers and and and create more density you're sheding out what do you mean shending. Out means you're dissociating right. Because you're not fully in your body. So you need to spend more time grounding being in the earth.

So when. I'm when. I'm doing that do. I just let it in my.

D you you cycle it through the microcosm. Then you bring everything down into that lower down. CH and if you need to you take it even further down into your soul star and you put your mind in your soul star and you let everything just stabilize you give yourself the um the the instructions stabilize and and and and hold stabilize and root stabilize and root stabilize and root stabilize and root ground stabilize and root and you just give yourself those suggestions and. Then you let it go and.

Then you just put your mind in that lower in those lower centers and you'll find that you'll. Shin out less and less and less people who this is for all of you if you constantly find yourself up here lost in thoughts and all that other stuff you're. Center you're you're lower. Center you're not grounding enough and this is the thing that.

I again. I'm grateful uh to. Seafood. Johnson and.

I'm grateful to some of the other teachers. I've had uh and. Dr. Joe kind of put the cherry on the.

Sunday for me most of us are not grounding enough and and if you go to just simple physics you can't build a building any higher than it's than its foundation goes deep a tree can't grow any taller than its roots go deep. So if you're if you've got a ro if this is ground level metaphorically speaking right. And you've got a root that goes here. But your head's all the way up here right.

When in theory that should be as far as you're going. So if you want more spirit in your body you have to have more. Earth. Energy in your system the more you pull from the earth the more rooted the spirit becomes where you become spiritual and physical at the same time right.

And the the the bonding element the bonding frequency one of them which you guys learned at vibrational is gratitude gratitude is the human bridge if you if we're going from a purely. Dallas perspective you have the the nurturing energy of the earth you have or the the um um what's the word. I'm looking for the informing influence from the cosmos the. Divine.

Yang you have the conforming and reforming um aspect of the. Earth the bridge to that is the human level and that the primary energy that will allow those two energies to merge and fuse like a circuit is gratitude one of those of you who came to vibration you got a whole bunch of others. But gratitude is the one that keeps coming up cross discipline. So the idea here is we need for most of us we're either dead from the heart up or we're numb from the from the solar plexus down right.

We don't we're not balanced we're not synchronized we're not integrated right. Because of all the all the things that you've been through. Maria it's obvious you're spending a lot of time in your you're you're not fully in your body a lot of the time right. Which is why you space out you lose thoughts and all these other things because you're not here you're not present.

So for you you need to get back into the your feet into your legs into your into your your eurogen area you need to really build those reservoirs of energy down there and stay rooted in it okay. Um your situation is very similar to another one of my students in the. UK who's always had issues with. Shining out and mental issues and things like that all.

I had him focus on was teaching him how to ground and. Road and and he's been able to to do a lot of really he's made a lot of progress with that. So when it comes to you know the normal the the meditation of um bringing out the heavens and. Then um.

Then you do the um drudging the grounding is that something different like you know how you no. Grounding your grounding starts with pulling down the heavens and. Then uh steps one two 3 4 five and some of six and. I would say one two three four and five specifically of the one through 10 is all building the ground and building the in.

So you need to spend more time on one through five and not as much time on six seven 8 nine 10 right. For you specifically this doesn't you if if any of you are having problems or issues similar to. Maria and you're just not present a lot. Then once again the one through five is the most important thing for all of you for those of you who want to manifest better one through five okay.

Because you can only pull as much light as you have vessel to contain it and manage it otherwise the fuse is going to go and you're going to be off in the ozone which is not what we came here to do right. Now on top of that we got to clear all our because we want to make sure that once we build this vessel that can hold all that energy that the the spirit actually wants to come in right. And that's where clearing your never goes out of style. But it's not just about bringing having the the the spirit have a a happy place to hang out it's about keeping it here until we're ready to leave or or or do something with it right.

So that's like that's about all. I have time for. Maria um. I got to move.

I. I've got like at least seven or eight more people that. I need to get through okay. Um let me look.

At my. Next question and. I guys. I appreciate you you have a lot of questions um.

But. I'm gonna have to limit you to one or two questions at the most moving forward because it's it's just we're literally it's like. I've got 21 people and we're on like number eight. So uh.

Renee betterton talk to me hi. David hey. I'm out. I'm in my car because.

I'm out shopping. Anyway um gosh some of the stuff that everybody's been talking about is like hitting home and kind of right. Down the line of what. I was asking about and it's that that that like um not really the loop.

But the auto the autopilot going on like. I find myself when. I want to have a relationship with someone. I find myself wanting to jump in feet.

First and having all these expectations to the point to where it's like. I'm looking for things to be wrong and. I'm pushing the person away and in my mind like you talked about earlier on a conscious level. I know what.

I'm doing. But unconscious. But even knowing that. I can't seem to make myself stop it when it starts happening you got to jump to the body the you find yourself stuck in that you got to jump to the body and there's a part of you that's not going to want to do it well.

I have been doing the framing when like a feeling comes up in my body and. Then when. I have like where it feels like it's just heavy over my entire body and. I can't like find a pinpoint of where it's coming from.

I use my body coat app and release a bunch of stuff. But. I. I.

I seem to like seek out chaos instead of being able to have like a healthy regular relation ship with somebody. I want to go from zero to 100 within the. First week and. I want to try to like.

Monitor and control things and and. I know that. I'm doing it. But how do.

I stop doing that you need to get with somebody and regress to cuse you're not gonna you're not going to fix that on your own okay. Is there anything that. I can do within my tools for building up my um like optimism self-esteem things that make me feel really good without depending on something to make me feel that good. I mean.

I already do like a lot of the stuff right. Uh start start journaling and keep a keep a joy book. A gratitude book. A love book.

And um just start writing down everything you can find that makes you happy and and read them as you write them read them every day and remember them yeah it feels kind of like. I'm picking partners that will complete the type of relationship my parents have let me repeat which wasn't a good one a lot it feels like. I'm trying to fix him. Renee yeah two things regress to cause with somebody confident.

I recommend. Moss um joy and happiness book. There's two different issues that are parallel not intertwining okay. Go you have to go back and fix the templates otherwise you're going to keep running the same program right.

I know you're you're an avid do-it-yourselfer and you don't you don't like to trust other people. But you need to find some to help you with this okay. Okay. Yeah.

Clay talk to me hello. David hello can you hear hear me okay. Yeah all right. I feel like.

I'm on the same theme as everybody else today. But a slightly different take not a surprise um. M mine's a little bit different in the fact that um. I a question for you hypothetical what do you do when you're blocked and you feel like you're not moving forward because.

I literally feel. I mean worst at the describe it would be monotone flat gray dull. I'm not progressing. I'm regressing um it it like.

I said it's not bad. But it's also not good it's flat. I'm somebody just. I'm gonna put something out there for a lot of you a lot of you have a lot of stuff to clear.

But there's another aspect that's going to become more and more important to you guys as you evolve you're moving from a place where you're always having to make something happen to where you're allowing things to happen to where things will just happen and what's going to happen with that is it's going your lifestyle and and your expectations are very linear they're going to become progressively more nonlinear and as that happens you're going to be introduced you're going to run face. First over and over again into into something that is commonly referred to as. Divine timing there will be times where you can literally in your mind see a a straight line between where you are and where you need to go and everything in the unit it's like there's all these invisible things that you have to weed your way through and around and over and under until you. Finally get to where you're going.

So where what you thought was going to take you 10 minutes takes you a week because what's happening is you're trying to impose a linear path of perception our linear expectation of of a perception versus what the quantum universe is actually saying is the most ideal way for you to get where you need to be. So as you start becoming as you start expanding your field you become aware of these different subtle dense. Fields you the probability. I call it probability fi.

I call it probability surfing the probability fields around your body will dictate that if even if you want know you need to go you need to go right. For some reason the universe saying go here. First and you'll be at more at peace with that whereas the other part of you that's trying to control everything is going to say no. You have to go there you have to go there and you'll keep trying to go there and you can't get there for whatever reason you get distracted um breaks down things don't show up you know whatever reason all these little serendipitous things will get in your way because that's not the optimal.

Quantum way to get where you want to go right. So part of the frustrations that we feel is is. US imposing linear thought and and movement without perceiving the vibrational things that are actually in the way that you have to navigate the currents that you have to. Surf to get where you want to go the other thing is we're all going to go through moments and this is all of you and me too we're all going to go through moments where we feel overwhelmed like everything sucks everything's hopeless nothing's moving all that's necessary is to just change your posture change your breathing and just keep going understand that whatever you're doing the universe is giving you feedback and.

So rather than stubbornly insisting to go this way. I just had this conversation with one of my coaching clients this afternoon as you become more evolved you're going to constantly be surfing this line between what. I can do and. I need to allow right.

And that and and that process is called discernment being a becoming aware of the the forces at work knowing that the universe is always working for you even if it seems to be working against you there's an interaction going on between your field and the much larger fields that is being that there are certain principles that work that you may you can't consciously control directly. But you can't interface with them right. And. So one of the things.

I do a lot now is when. I find myself having a lot of fear come up and. I. I am the poster child for fear and and lack of forgiveness um.

I will. I will start doing whatever meditation tools that. I have for releasing and letting go of that stuff it's going to go back to your state control and literally clearing up your and. I do what.

I can and. Then. I get up and. I do what.

I know to do and. I pay attention to the feedback and sometimes. I get the message really fast like don't go here today go here today sometimes. I don't and.

I. I waste an entire day trying to go a foot to the right. When. I had.

I just went five feet to the left. I would have gotten over there much quicker right. It and it and you're going to be. PL you're all going to be the exper experiencing this you've all experienced it multiple times already in your life.

But as you get more and more aware and you start working with these influences more and more more you'll start to to understand it and perceive it on a more consistent basis and you'll find that all of a sudden all the synchronicities and serendipities start working for you they were working for you in the past. But just in a form of negative feedback as opposed to positive feedback because that's all it is if you're if you're surfing the right. Current. Then the synchronous is line up with positive feedback if you're trying to swim against the scream the stream or doing something that's not part of your.

Ming. So to speak. Then you're going to get the negative feedback which is you trying to fight all these invisible forces that just seem to get in your way right. And this is something that's happening with everybody because the minute something comes up we go into anal mode fight or flight the moment we get pulled into fight or flight we're no.

Longer connected to our spirit in our soul which means we've dropped in vibration we've been pulled out of our. Center into. Den into vibrational density and now we're at the mercy of those currents. But the more we can stay centered and grounded in our heart and keep these these these centers synchronized the more we will experience we'll be in the world.

But not necessarily impacted as as as detrimentally by it and the the probability fields around you will shift and things will just start coming your way right. And you'll be tested because things will come up and you'll be. S like if you have children you will be tested. I promise you you will be tested right.

Um in terms of what you know in the mornings like one of the things. I do and again. I'm really grateful for uh for. Dr.

Joe's meditations like. I start every morning uh with a combination of my pulling down the heavens uh. Buddhist chanting and uh. Dr.

Joe's uh. Healing. Heart or forgiven or or forgiving heart meditations that's what. I.

I wake up at 6:30 the. First thing. I do is put that on and listen to it while. I'm in that um sleepy state.

So. I'm already in an altered state and now. I'm actually taking that very malleable sub nambis. State and.

I'm. I'm layering hemisync and these processes for opening and and clearing the heart into that. So when. I get up the entire energy in the house is extraordinarily peaceful because.

I was creating the chaos in the morning because. I. I. I get up grumpy.

I didn't realize because of my energy and the work that. I'm doing just how significant that was changing everybody else's. Fields. But there literally has not been a fight in my house in the morning for three weeks like and every and there's been disagreements.

But not nearly with the same level escalation or whatever. So you have to understand that there are forces out there that are seeking to pull you into chaos and there are forces out there seeking to move you up into order and where they all meet is your heart and your lower down. T and you have to balance and synchronize that right. But any less than positive feeling in your body is just stuff that needs to be clear right.

And. Then and as you do that and. Then you open that heart back up and you're one through 10 will do that too as long as you and again a lot of you. I keep referencing the.

Divine water the. Divine. Elixir meditation that. Bruce was talking about that that will open you up like it's nobody's business.

But you have to focus on building up a reservoir of love and gratitude and joy and happiness and um blessings and and cultiv these feelings and take them every day like you would take a vitamin and you need to spend more and more and more time bathed and dissolved and absorbed in those frequencies not to run away from your. But to enable things to become less and less dense. So your body can just let it go and your energy body can let it go and your your spirit body can let it go and. Then more of that order producing energy that peace producing energy will start to permeate.

Your. Existence. But if you're dominated by these more dense energies where everything is a fight or everything is a threat or everything somebody's trying to take you always see the world as trying to take from you and you're going to get pulled out of that center right. And and that's the work because we're always.

Fighting. Gravity the gravity of these negative emotions does that make sense. I'm. I'm hoping that that land for some of you right.

But. I'm human too like. I don't levitate into my underwear every morning right. I.

I have that. I have to. I have to clear and and things. I have to do.

But all. I can do is pass on what. I've discovered and what. I've learned and what works for me and either resonates with you or it doesn't this is what.

I got. So did. I answer your question uh yeah yeah you did um. So when things are are kind of flat it does that mean.

I'm in. State. Control though because like think like the good things aren't really impacting me. But the negative ones aren't either in that situation you're in some level of apathy denial uh you're shedding out basically okay.

Um and. So there's some level of. Detachment from that experience right. And those are usually fairly transient.

But if you get back into into your body uh and you start doing it some gentle physical activity or something that's very physical not super physical. But something that that is physical that will help to to bring the spirit back in and things will kind of take on their colors again just going for a walk for 20 minutes. A lot of times is enough movement to break up the stagnation okay. Thank you.

I. I just have one quick one super easy um are you doing the golden path course again any uh anytime. Next year it's funny you should mention that um we don't have any plans on doing golden path anytime in the near future. But if my megas have their way sometime within the.

Next we're on video four module four and a half somewhere in the. Next uh 13 weeks or. So we'll have at least five or six new golden path facil cators um people who are actually trained and certified to to do golden path work that will be hanging out their shingles and for people who want to get a golden path consultation or coaching um some of those people might be available to do that work um. I'm actually in our.

Mega program right. Now we're actually going through all 14 modules of what we call the. Ming module which is teaching people how to facilitate golden path. Retreats for people.

So it's the golden path behind the golden path and it's one of the more honestly it's one of the more woow woo modules in the face reading curriculum because it's it's it's that it's that bridge between the purely personality temperament emotional area uh physical health and healing and the wonderful world of fortune telling divination and woo right. It's probably the except for maybe the. Ling module which was the. Last one lilan created before she passed the.

Ming module is easily the most metaphysical of the face reading classical face reading trainings um. So. I'm giving the uh. I'm giving the megas access to that training in fact.

I they've all been assigned to pick one or two uh methods of divination as their focus. So some people are going to do tarot some people are gonna do runes some people might just stick with face um. But psychic work and psychic development is actually part of that training. So.

So give me a another 13 14 weeks and um opportunities for people who want to get golden path readings um will be available does that mean. I won't do a golden path. Retreat sometime in the. Next 12 to four you know 12 to 18 months no.

Um the thing with golden path is that it has to be a smaller group um and. I can't ever release the content of those workshops to the general public uh by the way uh for for betab was asking about um while. I'm on the subject. I was asking about healing intensives we do not release the uh copies of the virtual healing intensive as a product for the fact that there's a lot of personal information that is shared uh during those sessions.

So. I may from time to time release one of the meditations. I run people through. But as a course that you can buy for home study there is no.

Um we don't offer that. But you can't you're more than welcome to sign up for the. Next virtual healing intensive. Moss are you still with us.

I know. I saw him come in. I don't know if he's still here or not uh we have a virtual healing intensive coming up. But.

I'm not sure exactly when the dates are. Moss is a big champion and proponent of the the virtual healing stuff. But um let's see here. So.

R did. I are are you are you better now yep thank you all right. Maria. G talk to me.

Madam butterfly knife the. DeMent got. M okay. That kind of fits hi.

David hey um a lot of my questions. I'm. GNA sa for face reading given that it's coming up. I guess the only question.

I really have at the moment is how for example. I want to get a belly button piercing again. But. I was wondering if given the work that we do with storing the energy and lower daante and how that would if at all affect that.

I think a lot of it can depend on what kind of a piercing you get um if it's like a hoop. Hoops tend to have less impact than studs um. I'm not a fan of putting any kind of piercing object through an energy pathway just from my martial arts training. I'm not a big fan that doesn't mean that sometimes those things can't be beneficial like.

I've seen lillan used to tell stories about people who got their tongue pierced and all of a sudden their their tacac cardia and their manic behaviors went away you know people who got an eyebrow piercing and all of a sudden they're they're calm all the time instead of rage dunkies you know um. So there there there's something to be said for piercings um. But. I.

I wouldn't necessarily want to put any kind of uh through my my one of my primary energy centers it's just me right. And that's where. I there was a little bit of the resistance and hesitancy there something intuitively was tell me probably don't go that rout well again the thing is. I would what.

I would do and this is again because. I'm. I'm a scientist and it's not my body um is um. I would.

I would do some do some energy work right. Feel how your body feels and. Then get the piercing and see what changes because you can always take the damn piercing out and let the hole reclose right. The only difference will be if there's any scar tissue in there if there's any scar tissue in there.

Then you're going to have to go in and energetically break up that scar tissue to re rebuild the flow of the meridian. Goa right. So it's really up to you. I mean the end of the day you can always you can always test it or you can just play it safe and not put there that.

God didn't put there real okay. All right. Um any other questions uh. I guess one more okay.

The when you're doing pulling down the heavens you had um us do a mudra where we kind of be or we kind of. Ascend upward with um. I was wondering what that mudra was what does it do that's called. The.

Mighty light hand seal um. I'll. I'll explain more of that at at face reading okay. Okay.

Nigel you're up oh. God you just call me. God not you. I would sure hope not.

Mr. Branch dividian um uh. I don't actually have any questions today. But.

I do have um a book. That. I would like to recommend to the reading list it's uh it's called a uh. I'm.

G pull it up right. Now just. So. I don't up the name it's a book.

By. Rick. Rubin if you're familiar with him that name sounds familiar he uh is a big music producer. But he has a book.

Called uh the creative act a way of being he applies a lot of. Buddhist and like. Eastern principles to um kind of taking on the role of an artist which everything we do is based on. Art.

I mean more or less you can apply everything that we that he teaches in that book. To uh a meta program of of how we tend to operate cool and um no. But. I.

I wanted add that to the reading list if we could it's a great book. And. I think that almost every single person here would benefit from reading it it's called. The creative act by.

Rick rubben all right. Thank you for that. Andre yeah thank you. Andre.

Andre going once. Andre going twice three times in. Andre. Laura talk to me nothing tonight okay.

Sally hi. Dr. David. I.

I have got quite a few of my uh questions answered tonight. So um thank you. I don't have anything wonderful okay. Great.

Kim you're up hi. David um. I'm just here to observe and learn and. I appreciate your time all right.

Susan the mighty. Miller it's. Miller time it's. Miller time.

But they called me in the academy um. So a couple things have you done anything with like hydrogen water that kind of thing. I have not probably be a better. Moss would probably be a better person to talk to because he experiments with just about anything and everything it's worth experimenting with it's not like a stimulant.

But it's kind of like you don't run out of energy as fast. Anyway um that's not really the question question the question is. I was listening to a thing today on the. YouTube about how chronic fatigue syndrome became chronic fatigue syndrome instead of what it was originally called which was.

Maya something and sephtis and how psychiatrists took. It and turned it from a physical problem into what they declared to be this a psychological problem and how people were coerced and or physically forced into treatment in the. UK specifically one woman woman was what they call section she was 5150 and um she. Later died and people were put into studies to prove that exercise was the treatment and it made them worse and.

Then they lied about the study. Anyway horrible story. But. Then.

I'm thinking about what we do. So we if. I were to sit down with someone with those symptoms you and. I would both say we must regress to cause it do you understand where.

I'm like weird with this like. I get that it's a physical problem and yet it's a physical what the hell when we fix this stuff what the hell are we doing. David when we fix anything that manifests in the physical level has its roots at the. Shen level at the.

Spirit and the energetic level. So when we go in and we change things at the spirit level we're injecting transformation into the pattern that's creating the energetic disturbance which results in the physical manifestations most of the people that are trying to um to affect things they're starting from the physical working to the energetic and hopefully getting to the spiritual and it never it almost never translates directly that way why because the three bodies they're not doing it in a way that integrates the three bodies right. Right. They're they're isolating and targeting the specific physical body with physical interventions physical activities that are not only marginally impacting the energetics of things which are already stagnant right.

But not doing anything or minimal things to the pattern it's creating. So you have the the mouth of the river right. You the river the mouth of the river and the. F and the spring right.

If. I damn the spring the. River dries up right. Or.

I could spend all my time at the mouth of the. Mississippi bailing and wondering why. I'm not getting anywhere if. I if.

I have someone started with with a virus and. Then they have all these a when in medical speak anytime you hear the word syndrome attached to anything translation you don't know what the is going on is what they're saying. So like chronic fatigue syndrome um right. That's not what it was originally called it was originally called inalis from a virus till they realized they didn't know what the they were talking about and it became a syndrome or they realized well like they it sort of what it was was a bunch of psychiatrist got involved they decided it was all women and it must be hysteria literally they did okay.

They wrote papers and stuff. But the thing is if they had if they had physical proof of what it was would have had physical proof of what it was right. It wasn't a virus like oh you've got covid circulating in your system. So it wasn't like that.

But did the system just get stuck. Then from where the disruption was of that virus. I can't. I don't know enough about it to tell to to intelligently say one way or another.

I can tell you that we operate on and. I would handle. I would handle chronic fatigue syndrome or whatever myofasciitis or whatever ever the hell it was. I would handle it all the same way right.

I just it just got me kind of wondering yeah. I don't have much to tell you beyond what. I do got it all right. Are you still with us.

I think she jumped out because it was like 121 o'cl in the. UK when she jumped in all right. J are you awake asleep are you dead are you zombified what's going on over there zombified. I'm always in a trance when.

I listen to you. David me too well. I thought that. I beat fibromyalgia right.

I did as long as. I stayed active fibromyalgia can't kick your butt as long as you stay active um my question was uh vibrational influence do you have any of those classes coming up in the. Next year or. So because.

I want to do identity by. Design and. Then vibrational influence after um we have unleashed the magic coming up in. March or.

April no. It won't be far enough out and. Then. I think we're doing vibrational uh as a post conference for.

Hypno. Thoughts. So. So question if.

I finish this identity by. Design do you want me to go through the actual class or do you want me to finish this and. Then. I can go into vibrational influence or no.

Well if you want if you want certification. Then you have to go through the physical class okay. That's what. I wanted to know thank you sir you're welcome the lovely.

Amelia hydrogen water babe go for it okay. Um let me get back to my notes. So um. I don't like a month ago.

I found this book. Which is like the most depressing book. I've ever read called the cure for all disease and it just talks about. PL plants and basically all the parasites and how they are you know have to do with a lot of diseases and.

Then. I was like okay. Well it gives you a. DIY make it home zapper and you just sit there do all cycles of zapping and.

I'm thinking like okay. Well that's a frequency base they can't live if it's a certain frequency. So when we're doing all these emotional healings and spinning it we're changing frequencies we're eliminating these low frequencies that are allowing to house these parasites like am. I wrong no.

Okay. Okay. That's what. I was looking for.

So on that note. I don't know how this link in. But on that note when. I was a kid and.

I had to go to the all these. Finnish uh. Bible studies and finished churches and they'd put all the kids in the side room or in the basement and these older cute boys were putting their fingers in a light socket right. They're kind of doing a a little like who can do this who can do that and.

I'm a little girl watching on the sidelines. So. I went home and. I started like putting my fingers in the light socket do not recommend.

I thought it felt weird and. I was like okay. Whatever highly vaccinated at the time let's move on to adulthood um. I've always even in high school.

I can't wear watches they watches stop. I up electronic. I fly. I.

I fry um like spark plugs. I whenever. I'm. Next to a credit card machine or a.

POS system in a restaurant like it will screw up or or like it'll stop working. I have to take a step back and people will laugh at me. But the. Second.

I take a step back it'll start working. So my point is are those somehow connected did. I screw up something within my energetic frame that's causing that or because. I'm like is that something along my path like am.

I just a super high frequency that's disturbing that because we had. Bluetooth one time and if. I stepped into my bedroom my my ex and my boyfriend could watch the movie. But if.

I stepped into the bedroom when the. Bluetooth was on casting the movie onto the. TV it would go out and that was something that really stuck with me. So.

I was like is this something that. I should spin out and change or is this something along my path. I should just be like well it is what it is well you have you have a very high energy quotient the frequency is going to change based on your emotions okay. So you're dealing with an amplitude issue okay.

But spending a lot more what you've got is a lot of potential. So depending on how you train and what you do with it um everybody. I know who's a high level. Mystic anything has the same effect on electronics the difference is you have potential.

But you're not trained yeah. So it's all over the place basically especially when. I get happy. So.

I would spend a lot more time grounding okay. And wearing things that that insulate you um. But the truth is is that what you've got is is a high quality problem you've got a lot of energy you just need to train it okay. All right.

And. Then um one other thing was. I just want to thank you because. I.

I work in a club and when. I get bored and. I'm allowed to drink and stuff. I'll just start talking to people and they'll just open up and for some reason or another they tell me they're in pain like around.

Halloween. I was talking to some guy and he was all of a sudden started talking about massive pain from a gallbladder removal issue and. So you know spun it out did whatever we needed to do and. I ran into him a couple nights ago and.

I. I was like do you remember me he's like yeah you you did something with my gallbladder he's like it's been gone ever since and it turned out he was a freaking surgeon how about that right. He's a surgeon and. So we connected and stuff like that and.

I. I just um. I thought that was really cool. So.

I just want to thank you for very keeping thank you that's all you're very well. Florence my lovely. Florence from. Europe time no.

See my friend you're still muted sweetie ah there you go yes. Uh well uh it's it's always a pleasure to meet you. But you know as. I don't have a bank account right.

Now. So it's more difficult to you know do the transactions it's true. But you know uh because uh i'. I'm cancelled from the bank system.

So it makes my life complicated. But it's still you know it's better to have money and no. Bank account instead of having bank account and no. Money that is true.

I will take that any day of the week. So did you have a question or were you just kind of yes. Yes. I have a question uh.

I would like to participate in yoga today although. I'm tired. I mean. I'm not going to do any advanced stuff.

But. So that. I would only be like awake you know because. I just want to be in that class for the pleasure of attending.

So how would. I keep myself awake although. I would feel tired fore yoga. No.

But. I mean. I would go to the medit. Center and.

Then they will have some light exercises you know. I'll do it just for fun. I just want to participate it they do it. So seldom.

MH. So now it's uh 3 a.m. in. Sweden. So.

I would like to go there at 9 a.m. and you know be able to stay awake. MH um well. I don't um it's a really great question. I would spin it like there's a place in my body that that controls my energy level where in my body do.

I feel that what color is it take it out notice what direction it's spinning notice it's moving in a certain direction find the direction that gives you more energy and. Then spin it slam it back in let the energy engage and. Then go and uh do your stuff just focus on having fun yeah and. Then.

I also uh drink energy drinks and maybe. I would eat candy because candy will make me awake because of the sugar. I guess yeah you just got to be careful because you you'll get this high and. Then it'll crash um are you familiar with it with a substance called methylene blue uh.

I never heard of it okay. You can get it on. Amazon it's a it's a it's a food. D.

But they it it was the. First time the term. Magic. Bullet was ever used in relation to a a medical substance it was in relation to methylene blue this thing will literally take your mitochondria and just supercharge your mitochondria.

So you'll get very focused you'll get energy. But you won't get jittery right. I've been using it now for about a year give or take a lot of my people are using it um like 13 drops in a in you know water or soft drink in the morning um where really really well. I don't know if you can get any aan m in.

Sweden. But it might be something you can order on. Amazon oh oh yeah and. Amelia's uh little important safety tip it is a dye it is water soluble.

So if you start taking it on a regular basis you will pee blue all right. You'll think you're passing a. Smurf. But uh.

But it you'll find that your energy level will balance out you'll get very focused a lot more focused. So it has a lot don't pee in the show good to know milia thank you very much for that every every toilet in my office has this little blue ring around it and. I can't seem to get rid of it. So just to let you know.

But um. I. I find that to to work out very very well um and. I.

I put that in ice tea. I've put it in coffee. I've put it in. I put it in energy drinks um.

I put it in ginger ale it doesn't seem to to affect it negatively in any way shape or form. So methylene blue is a good way to uh to supplement your energy level because it it it really vitol your mitochondria thank you sure. Amelia it was your son right. Uh ladies and gentlemen thank you.

So much for your patience. I. I'm sorry. I had to kind of rush through uh the.

Last few people. I hope you enjoyed the the the. AMA uh for those of you who are into the woo energy stuff like that. I encourage as many of you as possible even if you can't be here physically reach out to.

Moss or or go through the website and get registered for face reading. Jing. Jing module coming up um. Next week here in.

San. Diego uh we'll be going into the classical face reading as well as uh components of my modern face reading system and a lot more energetics and kind of putting all these things together in a way that for those of you who are into the woo uh can build on it and grow it's exciting it's fun and it it helps me to keep my word to myself to my teacher uh lilan. Bridges to to pass on the these trainings and these transmissions and and to build them in ways that she always wanted them to be built. But didn't necessarily know where to go or what sources to trust.

So um please please support us come on out and uh let's change the world together one person at a time starting with you. I love you you never called on me at all. I did you were gone no. I was here all the.

I was here. I didn't hear you call me at. I. I called you three times.

Christine. I have witnesses. But since you're on go ahead um. I.

I like. I would like it when we do when we do our. Mastermind come the. Third week everybody that comes on and asks a question can you quickly go over their face to be able.

So to to be able for us to be able to understand the different. Peaks and valleys of the face to know whether they favor being a wood a metal uh you know that kind of stuff because you even when you teach the class you go through the you go through the room. But we never get to see what you're seeing when you're talking to a person and you're saying oh you're you're quite metal and and you have and you have a lot of wood you you you you never covered that and and it's. So and it's.

So uh it's it it it makes it harder to understand because there's the there's there's nothing you know if you do that that would make it. So much easier for people to go oh yeah. I can see this now. I can see this in other people.

I could see that. I could see that in other people that kind of thing could you do that if it doesn't take too much away from uh from the training because usually. I have 20 30 people in a room and to me to do individual face readings on every single person no. I mean.

I mean the showing the highlights and where you're seeing them like. I see a lot of metal in this person and and you see it here here and here and and again nothing just simple like that. I can do it the problem is once again is every time. I give you a piece of data that going to be five or six questions about that data point which is going to cause us to slow down and the important thing to remember is if people want to know about face reading during a mastermind.

Then we put that on the agenda and we do face read right. Um every now and. Then if. I see something that jumps out at me.

I'm. I'm. I may be willing to do that. But.

I can't make a promise to do that with every single person well just how about just highlights of of something that that's repr one person represents this is the greatest piece of that person without any of the other stuff just just. So we know what we're looking at just. So we'll know what we're seeing. I will.

I will give you a definite maybe okay. Well we'll definitely put that on the top of the list for for doing on the. Mastermind coming up all right. All right.

Ladies and gentlemen thank you. So much if you have any other questions that. I did not get to or they come up after the. Mastermind by all means type them uh in in the chat or send them post them in the.

Facebook. Group um when this live stream becomes active on. YouTube you could always of course uh type your questions in the comments sections below the. Mastermind content and uh.

I'll see you guys by the way we have a face we have a webinar. Next. Thursday 4M. Pacific and it's uh it's an influence webinar.

So killer influence or weapons of social seduction something like that we'll see you guys. Next week same bat. Time same bat. Channel take care.
