Title: Super Surprise Thursday AMA With Dr. David
File Name: 7TO8AOGtt9o.txt
Video Id: 7TO8AOGtt9o
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TO8AOGtt9o

Okay. For hello hello hello everyone welcome to my super surprise mystery. Thursday. AMA this is.

Dr. David. Snider checking in with you how's everybody doing check type in your name where you're checking in from and it's you're ask me anything time talk to me what do you want to know about what do you want to learn about what do what questions can. I answer for you.

I will have a special request at the end of this particular. Meetup though it's a that time of year again when. Global gurus. org is uh taking is setting up elections and voting for their top. NLP gurus of the year.

I would absolutely appreciate you guys going to. Global gurus. org and voting for yours truly um to kind of keep the momentum going let's see if we can take that number one slot this year um. So hello to. Liam and there's.

Ivy red bean bunny. ASMR hi and onell. Shemon how have you been. I've been good been busy you know just uh got finished with seets of internal power uh one time a year when.

I dust off my martial arts uh chops and show people stuff. So. I'm just gonna go ahead. I'm try my new little fancy stool here and see how that works out all right.

Liam says we got you. Dr. D thank you my friend. Laura.

Thompson's up what are you thoughts on graves. I don't know what. Graves values are. Laura.

I'm a little. I. I lead a little bit of a secluded hermit style life when. I'm not dancing around with a vest on or doing webinars.

So um if you could educate me. Susan. Ola back uh talk to me what's going on you know uh let's see here can jump this in a little bit see if. I can find the optimal settings for folks there we go.

So what do you got talk to me guys. NLP mind hacks. Dr. Dave good to see you good to see you back my friend good to see you back really.

Tad. James. NLP uses them um it's been a long time since. I studied any of.

Tad's stuff. So remind me. Pacific hi. Dr.

David one time you said a high number of those overweight had sexual abuse in childhood. I don't repeat anything in error can you detail that please sexual abuse seems to be or inappropriate um physical attention seems to be a big cause of weight gain in a lot of people and the the thought process from the subconscious mind seems to be that the reason. I'm getting all of this unappreciated or unwanted attention whether it be uh just comments or physical uh advances or harassment or whatever seems to be you know. I'm.

I'm. I'm getting all this attention because people think. I'm attractive. So if.

I'm not attractive. Then people won't do this to me and. So the unconscious mind flips a switch and before you know you pack it on now let's be honest there are other things that uh can cause obesity the need for security um in terms of like food being substituted for affection is a big one uh. I've had people that.

I've worked with that when their sibling was born um they they saw their mother breastfeeding their sibling and had massive um separation and anxiety issues and would fight to to get back on the breast and that's where that whole food is is love kind of a a process comes in. But in in in in any case the way it was explained to me by one of my mentors. Jerry. K was that any time you see someone more than 20 pounds overweight it's almost always emotional body armor.

So the thing. I've seen over and over and over again when. I've gotten people in the chair and it doesn't seem to really matter in most cases what the physical ailment is there's almost always an emotional driver at its root somewhere and. So that's why.

I. I look. I now look. At disease and um pathological manifestations of things more as bad manifestation and communication than.

I do as an actual um disease disease to me has just has taken on a different meaning over the years and that particular approach has seems to have actually empowered our ability to heal things faster and better um there's this thing in. I've known about it as a hypnotists. I've known about it for years in the. Chinese uh chiong.

Fields there's this thing known as clinical hexing where the belief systems surrounding a particular illness or the way things are explained by a physician uh someone who is in high. Authority in in the in the subject of the patient's mind can literally program people to respond negatively in situations that could be rectified in other through other means like for example a lot of one of the. First things that most people do is if they get a diagnosis of cancer one of the. First things they do is they go to.

Wikipedia or they go to. Pub. Med or they go to you know they start doing all this research and filling their head with all of this cancer information and on one level that seems to be like the smart thing to do to educate yourself. But on a subconscious programming level what you're actually doing on a spiritual energetic and subconscious.

Matrix level is you're actually adding more power to that program you're actually causing that disease to be harder to uh not not now again there's exceptions to every rule. But in many cases especially if you're in a highly stressed uh situation where you're you're on the brink especially when you. First get those when you. First hear that.

CW diagnosis for example man you just go into into fight or flight and. So you just start wan to accum because you're looking for you're looking for an answer. But what in in actuality what's actually happening many times is you're actually adding more uh more weight to that that term that diagnosis you've been given. So sometimes a lot of a lot of the healing is just getting that bad bad programs out of there and.

Then finding the emotional experience venting the emotion and finding alternative ways to to satisfy it. So again if if people are s you know again not to say that there aren't people who who need to do that and things like that. But there's just a lot there's. So the mind and the emotions play such a huge role um in the direction and the prognosis for a particular manifestation and that's what.

I consider them to be is just negative manifestation ations um. IV red bean bunny. ASMR says can we spin for others who refuse or are fearful to spin for themselves. I get that question a lot and.

I think a lot of that is because uh when. EFT came out a few years after. EFT was evolved the idea came that we could we could tap we could do surrogate tapping for other people and the honest answer is folks. I don't know.

I don't know that you can't. I think a lot of depends on the relationship that you have with that person and how much they really actually want to get rid of the problem if that makes sense right. You can always do remote healing and remote influence. But again if you don't have if if they're not on board with it or you don't have permission to do those healings you may have a lot more obstacles to overcome.

So test it and see the worst that can the worst thing that can happen is nothing. Cobra. Viper 11. I have a question on imagination.

I've noticed that that imagination is the only skill that doesn't carry much from childhood to adulthood how important imagination is critical and it's not that imagination doesn't carry it's that. Society teaches you and trains you to use your imagination differently it trains you to not to to start here's basic example when you were a kid and they handed you a crayon in a coloring book. You your crayon was all over the page right. As you were taught to draw you were taught to color inside the lines right.

Part of our educational process is to hone and guide the imagination to stay within certain parameters we would call it thinking inside of the box or thinking inside lines. So one of the most powerful things that we can begin to do is become more creative use our imagination for more and more things um and develop it that way right. There are principles that govern the mind. But the imagination is absolutely critical there's one thing know we have a saying in the hypnosis world that when the willpower and the imagination are in.

Conflict imagination wins right. So if anything it's not that the imagination doesn't carry over it's that when you when you're. First born your imagination's like this as you go through the educational process it starts to do this. So your imagination may very may be very strong in a on a very narrow.

Spectrum whereas children they're all over the place they can imagine they can imagine the. Moon made of green cheese and what that might taste like right. Um and and it's just as it's just as real to them as. Spider-Man and the.

Tooth. Fairy and your mom and your dad there's there's there's almost no. Distinction imaginatively right. It's as we get older that those things those those limiters start to be reinforced now we do need to train the imagination.

But. But let's be very clear that it doesn't really go away right. It can be ateed because of lack of use right. Or the or the belief that the imagination is actually the the the the problem not the solution um let's see here.

Jesus or. Jesse swed says thank you for your work. Dr. D you're welcome.

Jesse. Alesandra hey. David. I'm.

I'm doing applications for my. Psychotherapy degree any general advice for acing applications programs are pretty competitive you know what. I would do if if. I had my brothers.

I would. I would find everybody who. I could find that that successfully applied and got in find out exactly how they answered their applications and model that as a template right. The other thing you can do again this is this involves a lot more social engineering than most people are willing to do get to know who's going to be reviewing your applications find out what their values are and fill out your application in a resp response to who's most likely to be filling out or reviewing the application that would be you know some of the things.

I would do um they were used for. Dianetics and. Scientology. But they are not what.

I would no. Um honestly. I've never. I in all the years.

I've been studying uh. NLP. I've never heard uh. Graves values mentioned.

So it's it's either something very esoteric or something that not a lot of people are using or. Tad picked it up somewhere else if you're saying it came from or it's used in diic he may have picked it up from there uh let's see here sus reinforcing the trauma of the diagnosis yes. Very much uh whiskey s hi. David.

I saw an interview with. Chase. Hughes where it was mentioned that it doesn't he doesn't like the terms frame or framing do you have any idea why that might be and is there. Merit in his point of view well without the without a given context.

I can't really elaborate on what. Chase might have been talking about um certainly he has a in spite of our friendship he does have a some somewhat of a a very dim view of some of the things taught in. NLP uh there's probably another word he uses in place of frames or framing that uh we're probably mechanically probably talking about the same thing he just doesn't like that particular word. So it's.

Pro again. I'm. I'm extrapolating based on the limited information. I have that he's he's just talking he's talking about identities and and social masks as opposed to uh context frames or meaning frames and you know who's the subordinate who's dominant things of that nature um usually when.

Chase talks there's. Merit to it. But sometimes his the perspective between what he he says and. I say we're we're arriving at the same conclusion we just coming at it through different channels.

So without any more information. I can't. I can't really elaborate more on what. Chase might be talking about.

Patty says agree the body follows the mind and the body is incredible machine. But the mind is the king or queen yes. Yes. John gadoo my question what have you been studying for marketing and.

Google ads in general um a lot of. I've been using a lot of. John. Benson stuff right.

Now uh in terms of marketing um probably the best guy out there for. Google ads is uh. Perry. Marshall he's been around for a long time and you know he's always on the on the on the side of the angels with the wonderful world of.

Google. So uh his stuff you know again. I've been doing internet marketing now almost 20 some years over 20 some years and uh. Perry.

Marshall seems to be the go-to guy at least as a place to start. So um creative. Journey. I'm an introvert and have a friend staying with me who is super extroverted a bit clingy.

I feel like she is seeking reassurance validation attention from me and. I feel drained okay. Is uh how do. I clear my space and set boundaries.

So my energy stays with me well you just answered your own question what you've done is not set boundaries you've you've if you're like most introverts um you tend to try to do things subtly and by um innuendo and inference rather than by just blatantly saying it out loud. A lot of times when people are a little bit on the aspery side a little bit clingy um a little bit more on the extroverted side you can't you can't be subtle with them you have to be very explicit and say look. I know you don't mean well. But you know.

I. I don't have the energy for this or this is this is as far as. I'm willing to go this these are my rules please follow them right. And they may act taken back they may act shocked they may act um a little offended or hurt too bad because at the end of the day if you're not willing to stand up for your boundaries.

Then you don't. Then you deserve to have people overrunning them and. I'm not trying to be mean or like that. But one of the things you need to understand is as introverts especially you need to know when to be very very blatant and very very direct and introverts as a rule don't like that they don't like confrontation they don't want to hurt people's feelings they they don't want to invest in the interaction unless it's something that they're really fascinated by or passionate about.

But when you've got people who are just going to keep coming for more they don't they don't do subtle and. So you've gotta you've got to be very clear um in in in your lines in the sand and you've got to call them on it when they cross it okay. [Music] um onell. Schon says.

I'm from. California. USA. But currently live in the.

UK working on playing for a decent soccer club. But for some reason my confidence isn't always there it comes and goes what do you recommend. I should do okay. Go up and go inside and clean up the reasons why the confidence goes away or why you're being fearful and.

Afraid right. You're you're you're playing movies in your head that are leading you to feel less than confident which means you're probably focusing on the wrong things rather than focusing on having a good time and when you've played your best uh you're focusing on and running movies in your head about when you haven't done well or you're you're your little voice in your head is telling you well what if you screw up or what if they don't like you what if you tell to shut the up right. Use the transformational. Triad color breathing.

Magic. Frame and uh energy spinning and dissolve those negative feelings out of your body make make the movies of your successes bigger brighter wrap them around you breath the colors con and feelings connected to those things through your body uh and stand like a winner and within a very short time you'll start acting like a winner okay. Uh alisander says thanks. David jongo says.

I'm now working with sales and using your tips from years ago every single day any updates on your sales. I'm assuming that's supposed to be. Juju um honestly our sales system has stood the test of time um we haven't found anything else that that that that closes people faster and better and makes them feel uh good about it. So at this moment no.

There's there's nothing um that's breaking that's that's breaking records that we're already doing that we haven't taught as of yet. So um. Onie. Manan says do you have something to recommend how.

I should work with. Dee rooted fear that has always been in me. But got much worse after an accident love your work by the way yeah start with a transformational. Triad color breathing.

Magic. Frame energy spinning and um if you can again if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Um that's pretty much the long and short of it there's lots of videos here on the. YouTube test uh channel that uh will show you how to do each of those and we're always doing more.

So. U by all means um you know check those videos out what. I'd like to do if you guys don't mind [Music] um. I want to post a link for you guys.

I just got an email from. Global gurus. Org the other day uh saying that they just opened they just opened uh voting for. Global.

Guru of 2023 24. So if it's okay. With you and and uh you don't mind. I'd like if you guys could just run over to this website find the voting page and cast your vote for good old.

Dr. David uh for. Global best. Global.

NLP. Guru of the 2024 uh. I would sure appreciate that uh also like and share this video. So the more people that vote maybe we can take number one this year and really do some cool stuff right.

Uh let's see here. I'm now working with sales and using your tips from years every okay. Um entron says. I image cycle almost daily what else am.

I missing and manifesting my. I hear that. I don't have to work harder in order to manifest. But.

I should still pursue or do something you need to work on yourself. Antron and and what. I mean by that is you can't just sit around and uh and just image cycle and expect something to happen that's that's something you have to earn and the way you earn that is by taking physical actions in the real world that cause you to improve yourself. So that you can create better results now.

I don't know what you're trying to do. I don't know what direct what things you're trying to manifest and it's really none of my business. But at the end of the day there's probably some education and some uh um and when. I mean education.

I mean actual skills training not just manifestation training um as well as some shoe leather work that's involved there that would be the two big things that uh from having met you and and knowing your enthusiasm and everything else those would be the two things that. I would recommend you focus on right. What is it you want and who do and how do you become that person right. And how much shoe leather and elbow grease is it going to take to get there right.

Um and the other thing is again stick with things one of the problems that a lot of people have is they're they're. I'll tell a story and those of you who who um need to hear this can understand it once upon a time there were there were two farmers and they decided to have a little contest to see who could grow more crops faster and. So they both took. A few you know they they both took.

Their seeds and they planted they actually. I think they. I think they were we'll just change it they're doing one one plant each. So each of the farmers went out and they both planted their seeds and every day farmer a would come out and he would water the seed right.

And farmer. B would come out and he would uh dig up the seed look. At it say why haven't you grown yet and. Then he'd bury the seed and water it and walk back in the house and.

Then. Then the. Next day the farmer would farmer a would come out and he'd say it's okay. You'll grow and he he'd be talking nice to the plant and he'd just be watering the plant and the other guy would come out and he would dig up the plant to see if it's grown it's damn it rebury it well by the end of by the end of the growing season there was a big old plant over here and there was still this big mound of dirt over here what's the moral of the story guys right.

Sometimes you just got to keep going and. Trust the process rather than starting over right. Pulling up rootes and moving forward okay. Um this is something.

I've had to learn sometimes um you know we all we all want to swing for the fences and we all want home runs to use a sports metaphor. But sometimes those games are one on base hits you know it's nice to go for that 300 yard touchdown right. Or that you know three-pointer from across the court when more often than not the game is won on single points and single bases and just small steps repeated over time now a lot of us we live in a we live in a time and a culture that does not do slow right. Everybody's swinging for the fences uh and there's times when that happens.

But honestly in my experience those are the exceptions to the rule not the rule itself. So when people are selling you um you know these. One-Stop shops now you guys know from from being hanging out with me and. Planet.

David impatience is literally my superpower like. I don't waste my time on long-term low percentage technique. I just. I just don't and most of you don't have that kind of patience either.

But there's a there's a there's a middle ground there right. You have there's some things you've got to put the energy into if it's worth doing it's worth doing long term right. I have clients high level clients that. I work with who want to do what.

I do and. I say you don't really want to do what. I do because you're not willing to do what. I was willing to do to get there you know.

I tell people and. I make a joke. But you can go to the the start date on this. YouTube channel and and see what.

I'm talking about it literally took. Me 10 years to become an overnight success you know um and what you don't see are all the things that happened that what. I had to do and where. I had to go and the trainings.

I had to do and the things. I had to do for free and things. I had to pay for to become the person that could have those things right. And.

So. I have these high level clients who come in and. I can shorten the curve for them um. But.

I can't eliminate it and the best. I can ever really do is give you to give them a template that they can take out into the world and customize and that's one of the things. I want you guys to understand when you when people start teaching you a system you got to remember that those systems are like templates they're generalizations that work for somebody really really well. But you ever notice that as systems kind of move down the line they get less and less effective for the people further down it's because things get lost um because people don't customize or they lose the ability to customize and find their own way and.

So you have to become the person who can embody that success and sometimes that's that means clearing up your sometimes it means changing your beliefs sometimes it means getting off your ass and knocking on doors you know um and. I. I could tell stories and story after story after story about things. I had to do um and.

I'm not trying to make anybody feel bad. But you. I. I truly believe what.

I'm about to tell you that you can be or do or have anything in this world that you want. But you got to be willing to do whatever it takes to get there and the universe will test you over and over and over again right. But if you constantly pulling if you're constantly leapfrogging from one thing to the. Next and you never take time to grow any roots or create a foundation well that's that's running west looking for a sunrise and it it never really ends well that.

I see. So hopefully the people who need to hear that you know will use it in a way that's appropriate uh let's see here. John says just voted for you number one. NLP teacher in the world also on an allaround amazing person well thank you.

John that's that's really kind thank you. So much for your vote. I really appreciate you um fact just how let me just look. Real.

I'm curious how many people are actually on the call or on the on the on the chat today. I don't. I don't have any numbers here. So um.

So for those of you um um coming up uh. November 13th. I'm doing a workshop here in h. San.

Diego called flirting for. Fun and. Profit it's one of the old. Meetup topics.

I used to teach um how many of you are in the in the. San. Diego area by a show of hands anybody or by a show you know in the in the chat gorilla boss says just voted for you thanks for everything you're welcome gorilla um see here lah says. I.

I have boundary. I need to love everyone otherwise my love is conditional with even a partner. I only love them till they offend me what type of uncons. Love is.

First of all let's all right. So. Lonnie here's the thing almost all love is conditional all love is conditional right. Um when you get to this idea of unconditional love you're really not talking about love as we believe it to be it's more of an acceptance and appreciation of who somebody is and letting them be themselves rather than setting standards and expectations of who they should be in your world right.

But you know this whole idea of conditional love gets a really bad rap and. I don't think that's fair. I think there's a reason re. God invented unconditional love and.

Then all these other iterations of love because it goes back to our values and who we who we want to be and what we will accept in our world right. Um. So. I think unconditional love is a great thing to.

Aspire to. But. I think it's unfair to ourselves to beat ourselves up when we do have a biased thought or we do set an expectation or a value or a condition for the the the people that we want to be in our lives right. Um because they said if if you know romantic love wouldn't exist at all without conditions.

So you know. I think one of the hardest parts um as a human in today's society and it's probably not any different than it was 30 40 years ago it's just more public is this idea of all these expectations of who we should be are coming to us through different channels and things like that and at the end of the day we have to be be. Discerning enough to decide where's our balance right. And stop beating ourselves up because we're we're in a society that in its in its weird overt way of trying to.

Champion everyone is actually putting everyone down because the minute you you calibrate any kind of. Distinction any kind of difference any kind of preference all of a sudden you're biased you're racist and it just it it they they've taken things and they've blown them out of proportion in many cases now. I'm not saying injustices and things like that don't exist. God knows they do.

But when we go to these extremes everybody suffers right. And. So we have to we have to be kind to ourselves you know when. I talk about luck luck traits and.

I talk about the five for six characteristics that lucky people have that unlucky people and nor and people who work hard way harder than they have than than lucky people do in general is they're kind to themselves they're they're not beating themselves up all the time right. They're they're always finding ways to make lemonade out of lemons or or whatever and. So um kind of maybe. I went off on a tangent there.

But. I hope it's kind of useful um see here. So. I don't know if.

I answered your question. L. But. I hope.

I gave you some uh some maybe a different perspective on the whole love versus unconditional love conundrum. Red. Ice hi. Dr.

David. I do business development and sales for dealerships. I've been using your methods for clearing my own energy field what suggestions would you give to help me be more persuasive and grow okay. Start with this.

Echo technique. Criterion values uh emotional bonding checklist resistance removal formula 14. Renegade reframe patterns um best place to pick up all of that in the shortest amount of time possible would be on one of our webinar packages or going to our website and getting the killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis uh training combined with uh. CPI 3.

Renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change and overcoming objections that was going to give you the the biggest most powerful bang for your buck you can supplement that with a course called stealth selling. Secrets which we have available on the. NLP power website. So.

I highly recommend um going there okay. Um lah says. David you are five stars yay uh let's see here. Ila dbor says when.

I go out to a club or bar. I feel like there's not a lot of positive eye contact to. Then approach people off of is there something that helps to help with this um okay. First of all are you putting are you giving off approachable pleasant high energy body language are you coming across with a playful.

Rockstar. Energy that people feel drawn to a lot of times when you're not perceiving positive interactions or positive um cues from other people check in with your own. State because many times you think you're in a great mood. But somehow some way resting face uh crept in uh.

I've known that many times uh pardon my nose is itching a little bit many times people think they're they're they're acting cool like they're they're putting off this cool hip. Alpha. Vibe or something like that and what's what they're really giving off is intimidation and almost an and an aggressive kind of an energy that people don't find uh even remotely um enticing. So embracing a fun playful uh.

Vibe having body language that actually um radiates and and and and and signals those things as well as the whole positive eye contct process and making eye contact uh and initiating it will help you a lot sometimes uh a lot of people are especially you know postco where everybody's like a little bit more on the social anxious place they're not used to being around people they're not sure how to act they're actually looking for somebody else to take the lead and this is a big one that took. Me years to really accept there's a lot of times if you want to be seen as someone who's social and and and. Adept you can't wait for people to come to you you've got to actually inject some energy into that interaction you've got to embody the traits that you want to to inspire in other people and. So practicing being playful and practicing just going up and talking to people in in fluffy conversations and things like that that break that ice and just doing that over and over and over again will go a long way in upping your social value breaking through those barriers that we've erected because of all these screens that we have to interact with on a day-to-day basis um three magic questions protocol is really probably the best uh single technique for breaking the ice and just getting people out of their shelves and interactive.

So those are the things that. I would recommend check in with your own. State make sure that your positive eye contact is good make sure your eyebrow flashing make sure you're giving people genuine relaxed. Smiles right.

And and waiting for them to initiate or or to reciprocate the uh the cues [Music] um see here. Niar says when communicating with the echo method do you. Echo all their words back or just their keyword the answer is yes. You can do you can do all of that you can do ver strings of verbatim languaging with a question on the end or a preface or you could just do once you get really good at.

Echo technique and you can your your. Neurology. Now has the ability to parse language on a deeper level you can zero in on the exact words that they emotionally either tonally or or volumetrically lean on and just use those words you know when you come to killer influence we're going to show you different ways to use the echo technique. But the.

First way we do it we call it verbatim training and the reason for that is because if you if you learn to memorize long strings of dialogue and use it verbatim it changes your brain it changes your capacity to to hold on to information and analyze it and regurgitate it at a much deeper level. So when you go on to things like. Advanced. NLP training or the way we train.

NLP training and you're going to learn about strategies and and soci sub modalities and. I accessing cues and replacing languages which is what n classical. NLP wants you to do it becomes much easier to do that because you can actually remember what a person said. But the truth is.

Echo technique replaces all those other things. Anyway. So you don't actually need that. But for people who want to get that granular on their training it's delaying the foundation for it to become easier to apply.

So start with the echo technique as you get better and better at the echo technique start to begin you can you can change the inflection you can change the accent you can change um just the few words that they emotionally lean on um you can start with the. First few things they said and. Then follow up with your own content or you can follow up with your own content and and with the. Last few things they said they're all going to they're all going to register um as sameness at a neurological level and will cause the person to bond and self-disclose.

But for beginners for beginners. I always always always recommend verbatim echoing and going from there okay. Because. I want you to develop the mind and the and the neuroplasticity to to have an an exceptional mind or a brain for lack of a better word and that's how we do it uh.

Michael. M says. I just. I get stuck when.

I'm trying to record. YouTube videos. I get mechanical instead of just my fluid social stuff any ideas what might be happening without context. Michael um.

I don't. I don't. I don't know where to begin it might be it might be as simple as the fact that you you feel like you're talking to a camera instead of a human being. So one of the things that works really really well and.

I do this all the time believe it or not is if. I'm if. I'm streaming to you on. YouTube.

But. I'm actually streaming to you from. YouTube through zoom and one of the things that. I found.

Works helps a whole lot is having a face to talk to. So couple of ways you can do that right. You can draw a little smiley face either right. Above or right.

Below your camera if you're streaming through. Zoom like. I am you could literally put your picture right. Below the webcam and talk to yourself like you're talking to a person because having that eye contact many times even if it's your own can can trigger you to be a little bit more fluid right.

Also remember that what happens when we when we get in front of a camera just like when we're getting in front of a uh when we're going to do an audio recording when we hear hear ourselves or when we see ourselves we're like who is that guy right. We become very there's this thing called the spotlight effect we become very self-conscious and. So what happens when we get into that that self-consciousness mode what starts to happen is every little imperfection or deviance from what we how we intend to communicate gets magnified and. Amplified in our minds and we think we're we're being really bad or doing something really badly when the the.

P the imperfections in our presentation are really really tiny and the only person that's really noticing them or even judging them is ourselves and the other thing you need to understand about this kind of content is that mistakes make you human mistakes make you relatable right. Back in the the the 70s and the you know in those times everybody who was in on stage or in front of a camera they had to come across as this person who was completely perfect completely. Al together that was you know every they had no. Problem they had to come across as someone who had no.

Problems or no. Insecurities in their life and because that's what they were trying to be something that people other people would aspire to be and. I think there's a you know. I think we all still aspire to be kind of that way to have all of our together.

But the more perfect a person seems the harder they are to relate to and. So this is why when. I go to things like. Instagram or things like that and.

I see all the influencers all that want to be influencers and everybody and and they're they're portraying an image uh. But you don't really know what they do when the camera's off right. You're creating narratives and we do that to ourselves all the time we create we look. At the you know what's in front of us and we build narratives in our mind and we we assign we assign meanings to those narratives and those stories and we act as if they're true when in fact most of the time they're just we made up you know and that that particular nugget gets really really deep as you get deeper deeper into the the secret stuff we teach in.

Planet. David. But hopefully that helps you um uh. Kathleen.

M says hey. David hi. Kathleen anron says thanks my friend lahi says. Isn't.

Love. A boundless. Bond. I don't understand.

L. Martin says cool. Liam says let's see here um um uh let's see sometimes this thing just jumps uh. Michael says what's the webinar series uh.

Michael. I'm not sure exactly what you're referring to if you could remind me. So a little bit. L says yes.

Blessed natural healing energetically spreading healing yes. Yes. Yes. Okay.

Uh chainsaw says 59 watching on. YouTube happy to be here thank you chainsaw you're awesome it's hard not to love okay. I don't think it's about not loving. I think it's about loving yourself enough to understand why your boundaries are your boundaries and why they need to be maintained you know.

I think we live in a world where it's very easy for people to misconstrue things very easy for people to just take and take and take and not realize that they're taking and taking and taking and when things are nice and. EXP it when the lines are cleanly drawn on the highway you know when you're in your lane and when you're not and. I think more often than not our desire for connection causes us to not create those very clear boundaries and that's when things get muddy mine hack says. I'm in.

San. Diego cool let's see here um. BL bla says. I wish.

I was in. San. Diego. I wish you were too new it says me okay.

Uh. D says dear goodness this. Computing is hard. I want to vote for you.

David sir okay. We'll go to go to uh. HTTP www.global gurus. org and. I think it's forward slash actually.

I think. I might have cut and paste this already. So. I'll just do that all right.

Uh. Susan says. Ved. Liam says.

Laura says looks like it's 65 excellent rodri says at don't now feel your bodyon yes. Lah says all success is like a big okay. Some of these words are not coming across. Marty you might want to go back and and retype.

I can fill in some of the gaps. But uh. Cobra says already voted for you on global gurus thank you my friend uh let's see here. Susan says voted um.

Liam says do you have any beginner friendly. Kong exercises to improve yeah help. I have tons of key chiong exercises guys remember. I'm doing a doctorate.

I'm doing a doctorate in medical. Chiang and all. I've got are. Chiang prescriptions out the.

Wazoo. So um to ask that question is like going into a farm and say. Hey. You.

Got. Drugs here. So yes. I have lots of them uh.

But chongs are like prescriptions right. Uh what's the situation that you have uh that determines what what. Chong prescriptions we give you okay. Let's see.

So. KY says hey. David. Steve from.

Sunday here great sip class over the weekend almost not almost not sore anymore okay. Welcome. Steve glad to see you again um hopefully we didn't hurt you too much right. Um.

Steve okay. Um woodworking aspirations almost 3:00 am. here in. Kenya enjoying the. AMA hello.

Kenya. God bless my friend um actually. I shouldn't do that because that might that. I think that means something different in.

South. America or. South. Africa um.

I think. I was told that once. So maybe. I don't want to do that uh.

So we'll do this one. I think this is pretty. Universal hello to. Kenya right.

Um. Comey says been watching your wife punch you on repeat good [Laughter] times. So for those of you who don't know what what. Cole's talking about um.

I just finished a 4-day secrets of internal power martial arts training where. I kind of break out some of my secrets it's one of the few times a year when. I actually show people the. Marshall side and one of my guest uh teachers was actually my wife da and uh since nobody was there only one other person there was really trained to take strikes and.

I taught. Don how to hit. U. I let.

I. I was her her punching bag for a few demos. So uh after all the uh the punching. I was doing and the the weird things.

I was doing to my uh my seminar attendees. I think it was a little bit therapeutic for them to see me getting beat on. So. Jesus cetta says.

I know you're super busy and expensive what's the. Next best thing to work one-on-one with someone you trust call our office 858 282 4663 speak to. Moss. Lightman he's my current uh administrative demigod he's also one of my proteges and.

So he is uh taking on a lot of my client work um he'll he'll he'll set up an appointment with you uh after you pass the screening he'll discuss strategies and tactics for getting your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if. Moss can help you he'll tell you if he can't help you he'll tell you that too and there's about a 50-50 chance that um if he doesn't if he decides that he can't help you there's a chance he might actually refer you to me and there's a teeny tiny chance you might actually get to work with me. But. I trust.

Moss completely. I also trust my people. Bernie. Dietrich and uhh.

Heather endis and. Holly. Bigalow um are some of the the people that. I trust a lot we have a lot of people in in.

Planet. David who are very very well trained and very very competent at this stuff uh. So if you need help we're here for you even if you're not working with me directly you are going to be working with someone that. I spend a lot of time and energy to train.

So once again if you if you if you want to get session work done to um it's 858 hold on a. Second you put this in the. C 858 no. 858 there we go 282 oops 282 4663 speak to.

Moss and um depending on what you know what you discuss with him he'll make recommendations as to which which of my associates uh would be the best fit for you. So music 6772 hey tiona thank you for your donation. So grateful for that if there's a question please let me know tiona says she voted thank you tiona worldwide foot wooo um. So music 6772 says hey.

David loving this what would you recommend we do to change our perceptual filters in real time to change from environment to environment a meeting and. Then walking up posture and breathing that's going to be the fastest most economical way to do it once you have posture and breathing changed um from there. I would start playing different movies in your head that's really the fastest way to do it okay. If you have the state control drills from killer influence those will change things really really fast.

But that that builds on the foundational. State. Control drills that we teach you in in. CPI.

So posture and breathing breathing are going to be the two biggest ones okay. Albatross says socket to him. Don pal if you guys want maybe. I'll.

I'll clip that that that. I'll take that clip out and. I'll. I'll put a little montage video of the martial arts training together for you guys.

I'm. So. I'm. So laidback when.

I do martial arts now. I still wear these shirts like. I'm. I don't even wear belts and uniforms anymore right.

Because you don't get attack when you're in your uniform unless you're advertising right. Phil. Cochran hey. David.

Big. Love from. Scotland love your stuff on. YouTube love you back philli glad you're with us.

Lords never die how do. I control my rapid heartbeat intense situations posture and breathing posture and breathing okay. One of the big. Hallmarks of high high level performers is their ability to go from stress to relax in seconds.

So that's always worth cultivating the fastest way to do that control your posture control your breathing get emotional dist physical and emotional distance bre generate a safe color if you don't have one um go watch some of my safe place inductions here on. YouTube and install that safe color and that safe energy change your posture change your breathing breathe that through you using the color breathing method and your. States will change very very quickly um uh. Albatross says.

I lost weight by only eating once a day similar to intermittent fasting good luck okay. Um missed that. But okay. Uh.

Lords never die sometimes it almost feels like a panic okay. So couple other things you can try is look. At your ears do you have little. Mark do you have little wrinkles in front of your ears here.

I taught this in my face reading uh webinar the other day that sometimes people have markings here this is what we call auditory intuition and because of where those markings manifest it's over what we call the triple warmer. Meridian and the triple warmer. Meridian uh govern one of the things that governs is water metabolism. So people with these kind of markings find themselves often dehydrated and to compensate for that they often drink a lot.

But the problem is is that the more they drink the more they they urinate and the more they urinate out all the electrolytes and the minerals in their system and when those minerals are out of balance. Then you can get rapid heartbeats teac cardia. IR irregular rhythms things of that nature and oftentimes people think that they're having a panic attack or an anxiety attack when in reality it's a um it's an electrolyte deficiency. So.

I found that by supplementing with electrolytes and and magnesium sometimes potassium that 90% 99% of my random tacac cardia and heartbeats and stuff that. I would suffer from went away. So. I'm big on.

I'm big on electrolytes and uh and minerals. So. I would start start with the posture the breathing uh safe place and. Then check in with your doctor and see if it's that it's safe for you to do the follow the recommendation uh and.

Then start supplementing with magnesium and electrolytes and see if that makes a difference um in your in your stress level and the and the rapid heartbeat [Music] um uh oh my. God. David have you tried huberman's physiological sigh. I do not know if.

I've tried it or not because. I've never heard it anything referred by that name to me if. I saw it. I might be able to put a different name to it or.

I might say oh that's pretty cool um. So. I honestly can honestly say at this point. I don't know because.

I've never heard that term before okay. Let's see here the whole point says hi from. Elizabeth. I was in your.

HT live class this summer headed into to teach at the ballet studio oh hey. Elizabeth um. But. I saw you were live and as to drop in from glad you're with us.

I see you. I see you posting on. Facebook. And insta from time to time it seems like you're doing pretty well.

So welcome and. I hope things are going well for you. I'll see you hopefully. Next year at hit me thoughts uh lah says in.

So it's. So fascinating by your. Martial. Arts.

Dr. David superhero okay. I'm just a dude in a in a leopard in a in snakes skin right. Now.

So um. W very good information thanks okay. Uh music 6772. I'm a big fan from.

England don't recommend don't recommend chakra cleansing every day if. So how many times a day also do you recommend. Shamanism. I heard.

Steve pick is big on this are you thanks again okay. So chakra clearing is useful it's helpful uh some people are not as sensitive to energetics as other people. So if you're sensitive to energetics and shockra clearing can be something that is extremely powerful and extremely beneficial if you're not sensitive to energy you're you might be better off doing something like acupuncture or uh acutonics which is you know. Sound.

Vibrations which have a little bit more amplitude to them than some of the subtle energy things um it really comes down to are you are you sensitive to energy right. In the in the. Chinese systems like in the back in the when there were chiong hospitals uh in. China they would actually divide patients up into two categories categories who are energetically sensitive and and patients who weren't and the patients who were energetically sensitive got worked on by the chiong doctors the patients who were not energetically sensitive were worked on by the acupuncturists and the herbalists.

So and this is actually an interesting uh even in in. China there was this distinction between people who were super ensi energy and people who weren't which is something that comes up a lot in the martial arts especially in the martial arts that. I study which is all about attacking pressure points um either physiological pressure points neurological pressure points or biomechanical pressure points some people you can beat on them all day on a pressure point and they'll just look. At you other people you blow on them and they pass out right.

So this is one of those those big divides and. So when things like chakra clearing comes up um are you energetically sensitive right. If you are. Then chakra clearing can be a beneficial thing if you're not.

Then you need to use something a little bit more closer to this. Dimension um that being said uh how many times a day should you do it in my opinion as often as necessary uh one of the problems with classical approaches to energy healing like chronic healing or raiki or um even like. DNA. Theta healing and and and the derivatives of that reconnection healing and things of that nature is that the the effects don't.

Last very long even medical. Chiang uh if you would go to a medical. Chiang practitioner and they worked on you uh you had about a three-day window before those patterns would try to reassert themselves unless you gave them homework to do which would make the the results a little bit more a bit more long term the problem with a lot of like things like pronic and things like that you can go in and you can just clean out that chakra for an hour and. Then four hours.

Later it's blocked again right. Because the energetics there's a pattern established in the energy body and the spirit body of that person that keeps trying to reassert itself and. So this is one of the reasons why for many years is even you know you've seen. I have.

Decades of energy healing training behind me my go-tos were always. NLP hypnosis and and holographic memory resolution and the reason for that is is because the things that cause these energetic imbalances the place where these these patterns these energetic pattern patterns have their origin is in the spirit body which is the mind the emotion and the imagination and the way we the way that you deal with the energetic manifestations permanently is you go to the spirit body level because the spirit body controls the energy body the energy body controls the physical body and by going right. To that spirit level and creating that change and removing the generator right. At that level in the most direct way possible everything.

Downstream dissolves in and of itself and that's why we've had situations where tumors have literally shrunk from you know on a scale of of 1 to 10 or from 0 to 10 like a seven or eight down to two or three and gone in in 90 minutes because you you're able to affect the mind which goes to the energy which goes to the physical body now that's a very rare occurrence it doesn't always happen that fast. But it happens enough to know that when you're attacking things on an energetic level more often than not you're still at the wrong place you're still f you're still dealing with a symptom rather than a cause you're dealing with a branch rather than a root and. So everything that we do now and have been for for decades is about going right. To the source and dealing with it there and.

Then watching all the other manifestations disappear. So cleansing chakras can be very good um. But my question is what do you know how how long is that going to. Last right.

Can you clean it enough that you cause an abreactive effect where the person has to vent and. Purge the actual. Shen level or spirit level reason that that blockage was there right. And if that to me is not in many cases is not the most time effective way to treat people.

So we don't do it because if you do the other stuff. I just talked about that happens automatically. So um see here uh lah says fascinating. Orange rer.

La. I hover my energy over hand over my mom's foot ulcer and she gets jolts of pain what do. I do from here. I've never had energy hands cause somebody pain when you're when when she's perceiving pain what you're perceiving is stagnation she what's happening is the energy from your hands is going into that area and it's causing things to vibrate and move and.

So the stagnation in that area is getting activated. So what you want to do is you want to move the energy through and out because the the pain is just stagnant energy and what will happen is a lot of times as you add more energy to that system the the pain may increase. But as you keep purging it'll reach like a little. Crescendo and.

Then it'll start to dissolve she may also have an emotional abreactive response she may break out in tears she may cry she may have memories come up as those things start to resolve just keep purging and regulating don't add energy to the system just move the energy through the area and be sure to clean yourself off um when you're working with that okay. Hopefully that helps you um search huberman physiological s here on. YouTube it will pop up super useful and quick breathing thing. I'm betting.

I know what it is. But. I. I don't have to.

I'll look. I'll look. For it. Later.

Susan thank you. Stephen. Wright. I'm curious what you think about.

MMA as a martial artist what do you think about people using martial arts this way well. I have a lot of different thoughts about. MMA um if you want to be really technical. I've been doing.

MMA all my life okay. MMA as as a martial arts sport um is relatively new thing. But the concept of mixing different. Arts together or combining them in certain ways that's as old as the.

Arts itself people been doing that for centuries right. The current accepted sport version of. MMA which is. Brazilian jiu-jitsu.

Muay. Thai uh. Brazilian jiu-jitsu give or take you know um again it's kind of like you know three great tastes it taste great together right. Um.

I think the culture around. MMA can give it can give martial artists in general a bad rep you know um. But uh you know you got to respect people who are willing to just get in the ring and and and prove one way or another you know does your work or not you know um. But.

I think it also gives people the wrong idea of what martial arts truly is right. Um there's always been that competitive challenging yourself challenging other people aspect to the martial arts it's it's just it's just implicit in in the in the kind in the the the the art itself it's like it's what it's for right. It's it's for influencing people on a physical level right. To get your outcome.

So to speak um the problem a lot of times is we we often look. At how many people can. I beat as a measure of your worth as a fighter and as a person. I think there's after you know and when you stop fighting does that mean you're no.

Longer a good fighter because you're not in the ring anymore right. And there there's this little addiction that happens in many places where you got to keep fighting you got to keep beating and and you you break down your body over time and things of that nature. So. I might be going off on tangents here in terms of.

MMA. But um if you can give me a more precise question. I can kind of give you a less. Meandering answer um.

Liam says do you have any skills or drills for dealing with traits of. ADHD such as the hyperactivity inactivity and oppositional. Defiance yes. Control your posture control your breathing and practice reframing remember that your physi you know even though we talked earlier about the.

Mind. Body feedback group and how the mind controls the body for most untrained people and this is especially true uh with people with. ADH and things of that nature. U the physiology is actually running the psychology.

So one of the things that that has to happen if you is to channel that. ADHD uh a little bit more through physical make your your your work more physical and you'll tap into your natural kinesthetic genius which will allow you to be more focused um. But posture and breathing are going to be two of the biggest things um and in this case an emphasis on breath work will go a long way in in regulating your mental and emotional states [Music] um certainly hypnosis can help with. ADHD asking certain uh nutritional supplements right.

Uh things that will allow you to generate more neural neuroplasticity will help you with. Focus uh trans electroc cranial stimulation has been really good for helping people to focus. I used to use a. Halo sport all the time to help my daughter become more focused in her schoolwork um the.

Halo sports are no. Longer available. But there is a device called the uh by put up by. Flo.

Neuroscience. I forget what it's called um which is used for mood disorders. But it's still uh cranial stimulation they're a little pricey. But those things can help any kind of brain wave entrainment um can help.

But. I would recommend if you're going to do brain wave entrainment things of that nature that you actually include some kind of suggestive component something that's going to actually not just put you in a particular ular brain wave state. But actually give you suggestions uh for focus and things of that nature lots of ways to deal with those the the the the symptoms of. ADHD okay.

Just really question of of of how much time you want to put into it um the reframing part is oppositional. Defiance is if. I were wanted to do this for my own reasons why might. I want to do it right.

Um. Liam says in attentive. Fitness okay. I'm not sure where that comes from lah says.

I would love to be a. Healer. So be a. Healer make a choice.

Earnie. Ferguson any recommendations for. Sleep apne a problem do. I stop breathing in my sleep uh couple of things that that.

I've. SE i'. I've seen work really really well there's um mouth tape that can help weight loss is always the the number one a lot of people who have sleep at me a lot of times are overweight and and the more overweight they get the more the the the uula starts to relax and the tonsils start to relax and that that tends to block um sleep at night. So one of the things is uh by eliminating mouth breathing you can put a big dent in a lot of your apnea in your sleep apnea uh episodes um.

I have if you go to. Amazon there's this little chin strap that you can buy uh makes you look. Like a like the the filter the reservoir tip of a condom when you go to sleep at night. But nobody's looking at you and you're not to get if you're not going to have sex with somebody and you're better off sleeping.

So much the better. But it it actually will hold it will actually hold your your jaw closed while you sleep and that can have some positive and beneficial effects as well okay. Ivy red bunny says. I'm very sensitive energy and.

I can and. I feel. I can feel people's attention it's good. Orange.

River says thank you perfect lah says yes. Healing event like two say. Later gets its crisis. Then you feel better than.

I found okay. Uh. Albatross yes. Unfortunately a lot of those fake instagrammers commit suicide.

I wasn't aware of that. But it wouldn't surprise me right. Uh music 6772 says fantastic response to my. Shakra cleanse question building on that how can we address the root of the problem rather than just temporarily addressing the issue like a.

Shakra cleanse. Magic. Frame color breathing and energy spinning are the most surgical most direct. Ed integrative fastest approaches to blowing that out in the shortest amount of time possible.

I have. I've. I'm always looking for better faster ways and. I simply haven't found them um you know people ask me do how does what do you think of.

EFT and my my tongue and cheek uh somewhat arrogant and competitive answer says uh spinning beats tapping 10 out of tenen times. So if you can tap something away faster than. I than we can spin it. Then do that.

But as far as. I can see nothing has been faster more effective cross contextually than energy spinning. Magic. Frame and color breating okay.

I stand on that uh the way 126 experience says have you considered the understanding that if you perceived your reality is operating from a duality. Then this would. Then need to this would. Then need to protect yourself uh can you restate the question um.

I'm not sure. I'm understanding the question. Laura with. ADHD check for trauma and if there if there is clear the trauma.

I would. I would say that is also true absolutely um you'll see a lot of times in people who had a lot of trauma their brain is always spinning it almost comes across as hyper analysis um and they talk really really fast because they're thinking really fast because they're always on the edge of of overwhelm because they're they're trying to process an intense feeling and it's it's going into different directions. So. I would say what.

Laura is saying is actually true um. Jeffrey. Layman. I'm having trouble establishing that connection of.

Rapport do you have any metaphors that you find are helpful. I know. Kenrick had okay. So kenrick's the claw metaphor was um a more aggressive vibrational energetic technique um we have a process we call um sphere of influence which is where you basically wrap yourself in a big warm energy ball you open it up and wrap the person in it like a big warm hug and uh you turn up the energy.

So that they feel connection or you feel connection with them and. Then you said it and you forget it um you can one of my other students uses roses he wraps. Rose uh like force fields of roses around people and that seems to work for him. But what you really want to think about is what are the feelings that you want that person to have towards you whatever those feelings are you've got to generate them.

First. So you've got to get rapport with that person. First and. Then once you've matched their state you've got to lead them into the.

States you want them to have right. If the if the vibrational frequency between you and this other person is too too big you won't get. Rapport and you'll wind up diluting yourself because most people who try to assume. Rapport usually don't get it okay.

Because they they assume they know what. Rapport feels like. So developing a sensitivity to what's going on with the other person is actually the fastest way to become a master of remote. Rapport or or non-verbal.

Rapport. Cynthia says do. I see your question well obviously. I don't or.

I would have answered it uh. So ask it again uh. King. Titan says hi.

David. Stephen. Wright. Wait.

Natalie says uh ju. Sal says physio tape on the mouth will do to test it uh. I'm not a big fan of the tape uh. But this the chin straps work really well for me in fact um they work.

So well my wife started using them she's a chiropractor and she had a problem with mouth breathing and things of that nature and she started using them as well. So. I'm. I'm a real big fan of the of the straps uh.

Natalie svin says can you spin just one thing absolutely in fact you should just spin one thing at a time okay. Um. Stephen. R says do you think the language you speak affects the way you think and if.

So in what ways does it affect people oh the way you speak is a direct mirror of the way you think and vice versa. So you know a lot of times people say. I suck at this. I always this up well your brain is listening right.

You can take someone's arm and have them hold their arm out and have them say. I'm strong. I'm strong. I'm strong and you can almost do chin-ups on their arm half the time you have them say.

I'm weak. I'm weak. I'm weak and all a sudden just the weight of their own arm will start to make it dip. So your body is always listening.

So yes. 100% language language. Cuts both ways all the time right. So it's really important to really monitor not just your thoughts.

But the word you speak and how and how you speak them and who you speak them to right. [Music] um. So music 6772 says you often speak of highly of lucky people would you be able to do a live hypnosis for us to be more lucky if you think it's beneficial for us all on here just a thought yes. I could do that the question is will.

I and. I might someday. I don't know when though um. Liam says thank you for the info on.

ADHD and that reframing trick of why. I might want to do this will be gold. I'm. So grateful also side note.

I'm learning cool things from the chiong text you asked me to read excellent well done. Liam cigar mea says please tell stories about your students or people other than you who manifested impossible things with image cycling. Well we'd be here all day. I've had people manifest jobs car bars um.

I've had people literally um smash their finger or smash their thumb with uh with a hammer and it's like split open and one of my guys grabbed some cotton that they image cycled on wrapped the the thumb and cotton and in like a week it was all healed like like you couldn't tell almost anything was happened it was that you know the healing was that quick. So there's lots of lots of interesting things that happen as a byproduct of image sement. Alena. Bacher says that is genius the.

Roses yeah wish. I thought of it right. Lahti says sounds cool the way one 12 six would you need to protect yourself if you are operating from a duality usually when you're operating from a duality that's when you most need to protect yourself uh if you accept you're operating from higher. Consciousness as one meaning you are the universe the universe is you 5D okay.

So what does that actually mean when you're operating from 5D how would you know right. Is it something you just know test it and find out right. The the one thing. I can tell you is that.

The. Closer you get to source and the more you become an embodiment of source um the harder it is for things to attack you and affect you. But to the degree that you create difference and variability from source is the degree that you become more vulnerable to things right. When people start talking about 6D and 8D what the hell does that mean right.

And how do you know and if the answer is oh. I just know. Then that's not really something that's useful because we could all be talking about 27 different things when we say the word 5D or 6D or 12d right. So the question becomes is how close are you to.

Source how much are you embodying that source and the way you measure closeness to source is by how rapidly you get you you manifest change right. That's that's how. I measured closeness to. Source or closeness to truth because the metaphor that.

I often tell people if you think of everything in this in this in the. Multiverse is connected it's all one. But we're we have these different variable frequencies and even though they're all frequencies the differences actually give us the different qualities and attributes. So for example let's think about the body let's say that for some mysterious reason something is wrong with my kidney right.

And. I need to get medicine into my kidney well if. I take medicine and. I inject it into my kidney will it go to my kidney the correct answer would be yes.

Right. If. I take if. I inject something into my into my bloodstream will it eventually get to my kidney the answer is yes.

If. I if. I take a pill and it goes into my stomach and it's digested and passes through my liver and like will it eventually get to my kidney the answer is yes. What's the variable the variable is time right.

The closer you are the more connected you are to. Source the more pure your. Technique is the faster things manifest that's the litmus test in my world that's why. I don't.

I don't poo poo. Reiki or chronic healing or any of these energy healing modalities they all work the question is how fast do they work how permanent are the results because that to me is an indicator of how close to capital. T truth we're getting right. And the operator in these systems plays a huge role in in that connection and the the the the the facility of that technique.

So a lot of times it's really important when we're starting to talk about these spiritual things to make sure that when we throw a term out there that we're all talking um characteristically or attribution about the same thing because if we aren't. Then it's a it's a it's a it's a mood conversation right. Uh. Cynthia says in the killer influence seminar.

I was at you pushed on a pressure point three times with no. Response on the fourth time you got a response what's going on with that okay. Um in in pressure point fighting there's different ways that you can attack pressure points in the body um my colleagues in the pressure point world all love what they call five elements cycle of. Destruction.

So if. I attack a fire if. I attack a metal point and. Then a fire point and.

Then a wood. Point fire melts metal metal. Cuts wood. I'll create.

Sparks in those meridians and the affected. Oregon will respond and. I can get a. TKO or.

I can get the knees to kick or something like that. But around every nerve in the body is a little protective fluid sack that keeps the nerve from being directly attacked. So in a lot of classical martial arts you'll see this this three punch sequence like if. I'm doing kwondo or.

I'm doing shodokan or. Wu or some of the you'll see this you know punch one once punch twice and. Then a. Third punch the reason for the three punches is because the.

First time you hit a nerve that fluid. Sac excretes about 50% of the protective fluid around the end of that nerve the. Second time you hit that nerve another 50% or or the rest of that fluid is excreted. So by the time you get the.

Third or fourth punch you're you're striking an unprotected nerve we that triple striking a meridian. So this is something you'll see a lot of times in like uh. Chinese. Arts like.

Wing. Chun where they're doing these blasts of three um or in in the kosho. Kempo where they're using hammer fist they're doing these what they call continuous striking right. And it's all about one point or a set of points that are very close to each other and we're just going to town on it right.

And. So that's a lot of times when when. I'm doing um when. I'm triple striking a point now what you might have seen was.

I'm actually doing destructive cycle where. I got fire versus metal metal. Cuts wood and. Then what.

I'm doing is. I'm holding three points. But. I'm not they're active.

But. I'm not attacking them and. Then. I'll.

I'll tap a fourth point and. Then. I'll get the. Sparks and the person's.

Lego kick out or something like that. So that's probably what you're referring to um the dude. I came here for the vest of the day. But snake skin color breathing and energy spinning do just fine well thank you dude.

Belly beans if we have someone spin a pain feeding pain feeding feeling. I'm assuming do we have them slam it back in once it changes yes. Yeah uh the original way. I.

I developed spinning was they take it out they spin it put it back in let the new program engage and the pain will go away every now and. Then you get someone they take it out they spin it. But they don't want to put it back and in those cases. I just say won't just give it to me and.

I'll go and. I'll. I'll have them watch me go throw it down the toilet and flush it or throw it in a garbage can and. Then.

I'll ask them what do you want there instead and. I'll have him create another color and put that in his place very rare. But it does happen enough that it you know it's worth talking about every now. Then people are going to take something out and they don't want it back.

So just take it from them and throw it away um. Sagar mea says love from. India. Love.

Back to. India. King. Titan the work is a lifelong journey no.

Quick answers. But definitely a boost here and there absolutely. Cynthia says yuppers on the manifestations with image cycling several times lah says are different are different healings good for different people yes. Like a.

Third of the people adapt right. Out right. To our healing. But we need some of us a lot of training to be healers.

I think some people come in with certain switches flipped on you know. But we all have in us um an inherent ability to heal it's just part of your soul connection you have this ability to help your fellow brothers and sisters down here certainly you'll be there'll be certain modalities and certain forms of healing that you're going to be be much more effective in a lot of times right. And the secret behind that and this is something. I had to deal with for a lot of times was getting over the envy and jealousy when somebody else is good at a type of healing that you're not uh like.

I'm. I go to these chiong trainings all the time um and. I'm. I'm fairly intuitive.

But compared to some of these people. I'm about as sensitive as a brick and like they can see all these. Clairvoyant things and do all these things and uh. I'm like damn.

I wish. I could do that. But. Then.

I think about well look. At what you can do right. Everybody has gifts everybody has things they're good at things they commend to this body or this this this world with the switch has flipped on right. And.

I would play to your strengths. First and. Then dabble in these other areas uh and find find your balance right. If you're if you're really drawn to something.

But you're not good at it there's probably a spiritual lesson there for you um that makes pursuing it useful right. But that doesn't mean you ignore your strengths either you make your strengths like. Unstoppable and your weakness is irrelevant as. Bruce.

Lee used to say and. I find that to be um be grateful for the gifts you have and uh not and don't lament the gifts you don't just seek to to develop them because sometimes the the the lack of a gift is a gift right. It inspires us to embark on a course of study or life direction for the sheer satisfaction of it right. That we wouldn't have done any other way right.

There's you can look. At every single event every single positive and or every single attribute or def or perceived deficiency in your mind and body in a positive light or negative light and and the meaning you assign to it the story you assign to it will determine um the life directions you take and the behaviors that grow from it. So. I encourage you to look.

At all the things in your life that you think of as stumbling blocks that you think of as limitations and think about what positive thing could this do for me is this doing for me or what's the what's the um the lesson inherent that this this particular issue or or manifestation might have to teach me and a lot of times especially if you apply apply like the the 14 reframe patterns to a lot of these life issues you may discover some things you didn't know that that were hidden in plain sight the whole time and you may find. Opportunities opening up for you that you never thought of right. And explore them you know always be in that mindset of exploration like that's interesting what could this mean right. Um.

Philip says what's the easiest fastest. State change drill you would suggest change your posture change your breathing take it out spin it that would be it uh the way 126 says gamma brain waves. I normally run 40. Hertz and.

I've gone as high as 120 htz that. I've measured okay. I don't know what that means. But again we need some context.

T here uh 126 okay. Um sear. Mara says is there any good book. Which is as good as friend.

Bon initiation into hermetics for spirituality um again better question better answer cigara what are you trying to do what are you trying to accomplish what is it what manifestation or what phenomenon or what is the goal of reading these books what do you want to be able to do right. If you can giv me a better question. I can try to give you a better answer uh. Alana says good.

I'm glad we can flush it. I felt weird slamming. COPD back into my mother yeah again the reason that we put it back in is because anything the nervous system generates the nervous system accepts. So if you think about if you take a program out that the system is effectively running and you tweak one thing it's still 99.99% the same program.

So the the body is not going to reject it it's just going to take that little that little change and manif that change. So when you put it back in the system will just run there won't be any resistance to the program. But some people have uh an innate repulsion to putting. Schmutz back in right.

I don't like vacuums. So. I always find a way to to fill that vacuum uh music 6702 says love from. England why does looking above ey level help get rid of dark thoughts honestly.

I don't know. But you you the my my snarky answer would be you'd have to ask. God um. But for some mysterious reason there seems to be a a line a holographic line of anything that's positive is above the horizontal plane of the eyes.

Anything that tends to be have a little bit more gravitas is usually accessed below the horizontal plane of the eyes. Um why that is. I don't know it's just. I think it's just something.

God put in the hard wire in the in the blueprint and that's how we relate to the world okay. Um. Cynthia says what can. I do to strengthen my psychic abilities.

I know. I'm extremely empathic. But to me it's different um practice your. Chiang learn how to open and close your.

Third eye uh clean up your crap and your your systems will come online uh sumus research can you recommend any excellent. Chiang dojos in. San. Diego thank you for all your support and information um honestly no.

Uh not because there aren't any it's because. I don't know of any um perhaps some of the best places to to research chiong training schools or training uh um qu uh if you go to the. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine. Symposium website there's a gentleman there who goes to the. Symposium every year who has a a chiong practice uh in. San.

Diego somewhere in. San. Diego proper. So that might be a good place to start.

I've actually started a couple of chiong meetups that. I'm going to start facilitating in. San. Diego um.

But. I haven't officially. I've got people in them. But.

I haven't done a meeting yet uh. So if people want to want to be involved in that who are local um. I'll join my. Meetup.

Group. Sandy uh. Chiang. I forget what the name of the.

Meetup is now. But. I'll post that. Later um if people want it uh you can go to my meetup groups and and just find all my meetups and and join all my meetups because.

I usually crosspost from. NLP power to chiong to energy school things of that nature okay. Uh for those of you who are just joining us it is that time again uh. I.

I need your help if you're enjoying the. Meetup if you're enjoying our content on planet. David in whatever capacity that is whether it's our free content our members only content our our products and services um. Global gurus has opened up uh voting for.

The. NLP. Global. NLP teacher of the year um and.

I would. I would really like to uh ask your help and support in voting for me as the number one. NLP teacher for 2023 2024 all you got to do is go to um uh this address here in the um in the chat and cast your vote uh and any vote you give would be greatly appreciated and we'll do more community events and things like that cigar says can you recommend some good books on deity magic um there is if you get. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson's book. Secrets of. Buddhist mysticism um.

I think it's mystical teachings the. Buddhist. Mystic there is a really good uh chapter in that book. On.

D magic um that's probably the best the best resource. I can give you to start there's also a couple of books out there on. Chinese. Thunder magic.

I don't remember the title. But uh they use a lot of the deity magic approach. So those are some good ones that you can start with um the dude. David can you tell me to stop procrastinating.

I know what to do and go back to work uh well if you were one a good if well. David or the dude if you want to go back to your work to work for your own reasons why might you want to do that not my reasons and not your your boss's reasons. But for your reasons why might you want to do that because if you don't want to go. I'm not going to make you go.

But if you did want to go why might you want to do that right. Um shuja thanks for the extra pair of eyes. To look. From the outside in to add that.

New. Perspective and grown very good uh way 126 says we'll do is the. Bluetooth connection you talk about in vibrational influence the same thing as kinesthetic. Rapport yes.

And as you get more energetically aware uh and you start developing your three bodies you can do a whole lot more with it. But for for people for doing influence and persuasion that's still like. Jedi level stuff [Music] um dujon hail says can you please give more examples of adverb and adjectives prese plus presuppositions well adverb and adjectives are presuppositions. Duan um.

But uh when you say examples you want just words that you can use or do you want me to like give you sentences what's what exactly are you looking for. Jacob. Lee. David can you share some illuminent fashion advice from men how can.

I know what styles materials colors to choose from. I'm lost when it comes to finding a style and clothing that matched it. Jacob the. First thing you would probably want to do is reach out to.

Taylor. Sinclair or one of her trained. Consultants uh illumin essence.com. I think is what it's called it's spelled weird.

So. I would just. Google. Taylor.

Sinclair and follow that trail to her website get yourself toned if you have the funds uh pay for a shopping day where she goes out with you or whenever people goes out with you and they help you pick out clothes because one of the things. I guarantee will happen unless you're just blatantly lucky uh is that a good chunk of the clothes you love to wear won't be in your tone and. So you'll wind up like being in this this this rock in a hard place between the clothes you like and the clothes that actually look. Good on you.

So uh. But. I would. I would go to.

I would just. Google. Taylor and and follow her prompts and her her guidance on that uh okay. Words and sentences please anything that describes anything.

So simple logical um obvious uh truthful um radical these are all words that we can use to describe things those are good adverb adjectives um what kind of post. Ernie's asking what kind of posture technique did you use back in your dating days to get more confident and attractive to the opposite sex it was more of a you know when. I you know. I would.

I would stand in a very open way right. Uh always a little bit asymmetrical one of the reasons that you want to um you want to uh use an asymmetrical posture is because it it puts you in a playful uh mischievous kind of an energy. So if you're very vertical um you're going to come across as a little bit stuck up if you're too slou you're going to come across as a schlub you know a slobby person. But if you're a little bit asymmetrical a little bit um you know diagonal these give you kind of a a mischievous bad boy playful bratty kind of energy that people tend to find a little bit on the.

Charming side. So. I would find that that those kinds of energies um taking up more space vertically and horizontally makes you more dominant and. So that and that will help you to kind of assert yourself in a more confident playful way because happens a lot of times if you try to be playful.

But you're stressed you come across as being sarcastic and demeaning you have to really have a good solid playful funloving obviously teasing. Vibe uh when you're especially when you're just starting out with this because most people are. So stressed out because they're worried about screwing things up that instead of being cocky funny they're all and no. Fun.

So um the the open body language the positive eye contact what you do with your face is really really really important smiling laughing with your eyes. Positive eyebrow you know eyebrow flashes things of that nature these are all things that are going to to really help you project an energy of someone who's just fun right. Um. But if you walk around looking like quasy.

Moto. Then don't be surprised when people get creeped out by you right. Or just approaching them will give them the. Ebie.

GBS uh music 6772. I voted for you thank you music um to build on my previous question provide context how does the. Magic. Frame address the root of the problem much more effectively than raiki and.

Shaker cleansing because when you're doing raiki you're you're you're charging the energy body and you're you're relying on your guardian spirits and your higher self to go in find the problem and take it out. But what happens more often than not is you just get the person falls asleep or sometimes they'll have an emotional. AB reaction. But they haven't processed out the real reason that it's there takes a long time time right.

Whereas with hypnosis. NLP. I can point to where somebody feels it. I can go right.

To that issue how young might you be when you. First feel a feeling like that who are you with where was it and all of a sudden now you're unpacking a memory a series of memories and as you unpack and resolve the emotional energy connected to those energies you you you you replace that memory with something better or give resources to that younger version and retrieve the spirit now all of a sudden the energy completely shifts and everything that flows. Downstream from that which is the energy body and the physical body goes away right. So that's why right.

Whereas when you're when you're mucking around in a chakra maybe you'll get it maybe you won't right. I. I don't like to waste my time. I want to be very very strategic very very surgical.

I want to go right. To the problem and. I want to fix that problem right. Sometimes what what you think you're getting out isn't the problem it's it's it's a it's what we call a subsequent sensitizing event or it's just a little uh energetic pool that is being fed by a deeper spring which has a source and.

I want to go right. To the source whenever possible um. Joel fastest way to learn a language when you have a beginner to intermediate grasp on it at home use a neurophone uh neurophones seem to be very very uh popular in installing language skills directly into long-term memory um most of the anecdotal reports. I have on the neurophone seem that it's that's actually one of its preferred uses they're not cheap though um the other way that you can do it is you can speak the words that you want to learn into a a recorder get one of get and get a a pillow speaker and listen to it on on endless loop as you're going to sleep at night and the words will start to embed themselves in the subconscious and you'll be able to find you'll find yourself using them um a little bit more fluidly very very quickly um.

Jacob. Lee says can you give an example of what you teach in secret orgasm tips thanks. David much love from. Pennsylvania okay.

Um. Jacob can you give me a a little bit more targeted question uh in terms of what it is specifically from. Secret orgasm tips you would like me to talk about there there's a bunch of stuff in there um for those of you who' have never heard of secret orgasm tips um back in my early internet days. I created a program uh for couples called secret orgasm and it was a program it was a system that.

I had developed for me because 99% of the. Technologies. I developed were to help me solve a problem um it was it was it was an ebook. And a ser and a series of courses that would would teach any person how to be any other person's ideal romantic partner um like within the.

First couple hours of meeting them uh it was very powerful and. I used it very successfully in my. Darth. Snider days um and people were interested in in how.

I was able to to create these deep intense uh ever increasing levels of pleasure and connection with my partners and. So. I. I wrote.

I created a course on it and uh it's actually it's still selling today even though. I don't advertise it people still manage to find it and buy it and um maybe we need to do more trainings on that. I don't know. But.

U there's a lot of good stuff in there. But remember. I didn't develop it for you guys. I developed it for me um because it was one of the.

First areas one of the. First problem areas in my life that. I needed to solve. So um how does one create cocky comedy with strangers um there's a book.

Out there called uh. Fascination no. Not. Fascination.

Captivate by um. Vanessa van. Edwards in that in that book. Is a chapter on storytelling and there's a there's a there's actually a little chart in there and it's a templates and it and it gives you the exact structure of funny uh.

Charming comedic stories that's a great place to start. I like that chart. So much. I adapted it and used it um as part of my story my storytelling training uh which is.

CPI 2. Neuroscience. Weapons of. Mass instruction.

Neuroscience of. Storytelling and metaphor. I liked. I liked.

So much what. I respected what she did. So much that. I adapted it um as part of part of an overall lesson plan.

So that would be a great place to start there's actually uh a book. Put out quite some time ago. I think it was either by. Craig.

Clemens or. David d'angel it was called cocky comedy you might be able to find an old. PDF of that floating around probably the the best two sources immediately that you can go for beyond that the. Next place.

I would go to is studying stand-up comedy standup comedy will teach you how to create jokes and and what the mechanics of a joke are. So that you can be funny without being offensive right. Um. Cynthia says.

Global. Guru is done thank you. Cynthia. Ivy red bean bunny.

ASMR says can. I go back and rewatch this once this is over is it being recorded the answer is yes. Yes. This will be live um pretty much now you know uh.

Natalie. Sullivan can you spin as you go to sleep to manifest yes. If you can conceive of it and describe it you can do it you can cause it. Liam says dude just picked up unlimited lover covers everything.

So empowering yes. Yes. It does. Liam please use it with love and respect and and and respect the power that you're going to be wielding over your partners going forward um because when you break if and when you break up with them.

I guarantee you all the people they date after that will look. Just like you if you follow the training it's very powerful um use it wisely with great power. Comm great responsibility okay. Uh music 6772.

David you're a legend. David what are the characteristics of lucky people are there any obvious ones that we can incorporate into our systems all right. So. I don't normally give this out all in one blob.

I usually tease people with it. So the. First thing is um lucky people are specifically vague. So someone who's hardworking is very planning very industrious who actually may go on to become very successful they may say something like when.

I graduate when. I when. I get out of high school. I'm going to go to medical school.

I'm going to see c c medical. I'm going to be a hard a cardiac surgeon and. I'm going to teach out of this. I'm be and that's see how specific everything is.

I'm going to go to this school from this time to this time. Then. I'm gonna go to here. Then.

I'm gonna work in this hospital and. I'm gonna do this job specifically whereas somebody who's more specifically vague might say rather than being a cardiac surgeon at a cedar. C medical. I'm gonna be a do.

I'm gon to be a do a. Healer a doctor who helps people right. So one of the things that that they're very good at is is is being vague enough that they don't limit their options you see the problem with being hyp specific is you become very sensitized to anything in this line. But nothing out here.

So uh lucky people are very very aware or are are unconsciously subconsciously drawn to. Opportunities and shortcuts in their environment that people who plan everything to the nth degree often don't see because they have tunnel vision uh they're kind to themselves they don't beat themselves up when goes wrong right. They let it go um they're rabid extroverts and what. I mean by that is even if they're very introverted people they're constantly intentionally making superficial and deep level connections they connect with as many people consistently as possible okay.

Um they are proactive they go after things they take action [Music] um. I think. I talked about them being kind to themselves they don't beat themselves up up um trying to remember if there's any more off the top of my head oh the most important one they self-identify as being lucky if you start talking about luck around people who are naturally lucky within five to 10 minutes they will self they will somehow in some way self-identify as being a lucky person they'll they'll just say oh yeah. I'm usually pretty lucky along those lines and blah blah blah blah and they'll just start telling stories right.

So this is a big one um in my there's a a webinar that. I. I posted a couple of weeks back called secrets of reprogramming your unconscious mind and one of the things. I talked about was there are two things that you need to be successful you need an identity that supports who you want to be and you need to take action now notice that of the five or six characteristics of lucky people that's that's a.

Third of it right. Lucky people are lucky because of how they identify themselves and the belief systems they have and that they take action they're proactive they're always going after things okay. Very. I.

I would put one more in is that they're flexible they're adaptable uh let's see here. Fernando says how would you combine. EFT tapping with cycling to generate more energy. I wouldn't.

I don't find tapping to be excessively useful in any of the applications that. I teach now. I know. I have colleagues who swear up and down on.

EFT. I have colleagues who are very very famous teachers of. EFT. I have not found.

EFT to add any benefit um to the tech to the manifestation technology that. I teach other than as another way to clear to clear block to success. So maybe not the answer you wanted to hear. But that's kind of where.

I stand on it uh. Liam. FM says. I will use it respectfully thank you for the unlock of the.

Technologies. I'm an extremely lucky person than things just happen for me boom there it is right. Martinez. I'm doing a mixture of imagining what.

I want posture breath hold it. Then speak and affirmation after this this is probably the best manifesting technique for me is it the fractionation that makes it work the fractionation is an amplifier. So the deeper you can go into. State the more profoundly you can impact uh the quantum level.

So. I wouldn't say it's the only thing. But it's definitely a magnifier it's an amp far [Music] um. Sagara says please give your book.

Reading list of spirituality. I can't cigar that's that you're talking about thousand almost thousands of books uh there's just no. Way that. I could actually list them all here um.

But if you come to one of our events every now and. Then one of my students um. Seth often. H has compiled a reading list over the years of every book.

That. I've mentioned mentioned at my trainings um in fact what you can often do this is a little little cheap hack if you if you take any of the books that. I've mentioned you know like um the secrets of the. Buddhist.

Mystic. Red. Gold um. Pitch anything by.

Orin claf [Music] um um unlimited selling. Power by. Donald. Mo um forbidden keys to persuasion by.

William. Blair if you if you take those uh the. FR. Bon initi a into hermetics if you take those titles and you go to.

Amazon and you type them in when you type them in below the book. That comes up will be people who bought this book. Also bought this 99 times out of a 100 the books down there are on my reading list because that's how they got that's where the reading list came from from people buying the books. I recommended.

So really quick hack is take something. I recommend all the time like initiation into hermetics type it in. Amazon look. At what they recommend chances are a good chunk of the books on my reading list um will be on it let's see here the says.

I'm not very lucky. But things usually sort themselves out oh wait thoughts on. ESP it's cool if you can do it. Alana.

Bacher says. EFT is great for releasing grief yes. Uh. Cynthia says.

EFT doesn't do much for me except a headache due to the. Sledgehammer. I use. I would get.

Liam says lucky and love. I don't really have any type as long as they're a good person. I'll know it when. I see it yes.

Uh. King. Titan says. Alana yes.

Elena balker says when my father passed. Brad. Yates tapping for grief and loss took. Me from sobbing to singing within 40 minutes excellent excellent as long as it works for you use it uh cagar.

I just answered your question shock t. Shaker says man. I wish. I could have a few sessions with.

Dr. David well you can't guess she'll get sessions with me unless you're willing to pay $3,000 a session um. But you can work with some of my proteges and my associates all you got to do is call 858 282 4663 and speak to. Moss.

Laura. Thompson says traumas scho. Earth by. Brent bound excellent book.

Recommend it all the time. Liam. Fen says. Lucky in work.

I want to try to accomplish two major things today. But in my downtime. I'm yeah sounds like you're reading from my list um music 6772 says should we write 10 things we want to change for example make a list of what. I have versus what.

I want is it recommended to concentrate on 10 to amplify success or would it overwhelm us no. I don't think it would overwhelm you as long as you can take the time to focus on each one individually and really anchor it in your psyche you know we do when we teach image cycling uh in vibrational influence or hidden. Laws of. Attraction we make you make a list of 21 different things minimum right.

Um because the more you have the easier it is to to not focus on any particular one. So the cycling is actually a little more. Bulletproof um. King.

Titan half the work. I feel is what. I is with finding what works reach us yes. Um is past regression effective and why.

I've heard it's a bit strange as people go back into all right. You talking about are you talking about regression therapy or past life regression right. The short answer is yes. They're all effective question is what's your outcome what are you trying to accomplish okay.

Shock. D. Shaker says interesting. I've been doing cycling the.

Last few weeks and business crashed possibly some sort of block coming up the image cycling technology is often not. General in how it goes about things sometimes if you want to manifest certain things it actually has to blow up your existing support systems. So you can build back better that's why. I recommend be careful um about how you expect things to manifest because a lot of times uh it will take the shortest distance between two points and the spirit world isn't all that concerned about your physical.

Comfort when where your growth as a as an entity is concerned. So a lot of times things will dissolve and break up to clear the path for something else. So you can grow into it um how many times to cycle a day as long as it's fun and until you get what you want there's no. There's no.

Real limit there's no. Real rule on it my my only comment is as long as you're enjoying it and if you find yourself feeling like you have to cycle like it's um like something bad is going to happen or something won't manifest if you don't cycle you're now moving into what we call dogmatic thinking or ritualistic thinking which means you need to change up the ritual okay. Find 12 find seven or eight different ways to image cycle and just alternate. But if you feel like you have to cycle um or you have to cycle in a very specific way now you're approaching the dogmatic thinking and you want to avoid.

Dogma at all cost you're moving into ritual uh rather for the sake of ritual rather than ritual for the sake of of of a result. So um by all means be very aware of that those are the only two rules that um that bill. Bankston ever really laid out in his approach to image cycling was be playful avoid ritual um to get a session with me you have to pass. Moss's screening um and sessions with me are not cheap uh.

So the best thing to do is call 858 8 282 4663 um and talk to. Moss you'll probably wind up working with moss moss handles the vast majority of my referrals he's very competent he's a very heart-c centered uh very comprehensive person um. So. I've been very proud of the work that he's been doing with clients um.

Bernie dri and. Heather endris. Holly. Bigalow.

Seth breidbart [Music] um those are the people off the top of my head. Nico. Martins is good aloy is really good um who else um those are the people off the top of my head that are kind of the people. I'm referring to.

TJ zeel works out of my clinic he's based in. Texas uh he's really good he was actually one of the. First people. I ever hired uh to to see clients beside me at the clinic.

So um they're all very competent they all have their specialty um speak to. Moss go through the consultation process and. Then he'll make recommendations as to which direction you should go okay. All right.

Well that being said it's we're coming at the top of the hour uh. I sincerely hope everybody enjoyed our time together can. I tell you about. Steve.

Pete um. I can it really depends on what you want to know in the meantime for those of you who haven't noticed are didn't are joining us late um one of the reasons. I'm doing this is to ask for your help and support um to help me uh get nominated for number one. NLP trainer of 2023 2024 all you have to do to cast your vote for yours truly is go to and show your support is go to https backg.

Global gurus. org. NLP please vote vote for yours truly show your support for planet. David if you've enjoyed and and gotten value from our content let's let's take uh. Planet.

David to the top of the. NLP pyramid and uh and really make things happen out there as a as a community um as practitioners you know whatever level you're um you know you're comfortable with right. Whether that's the client level whether it's the product level whether it's the the free content level. I don't really care where you're coming from just that you actually you know you come in and you learn and you actually do the you apply the skills that we we share with you because if you do the work if you do the drills you'll get the skills and your life will change and that's all.

I care about right. I know the universe will provide in return in some way as long as. I'm doing the things that. I was put here to do.

So get out there roll up your sleeves cast your votes put this stuff to work change the world one person at a time starting with yourself right. Um okay. So cigar says by taking the concept of the follows the body. I advise my barber to shape my hairline into a full end shape and after doing it my.

Charisma has increased like crazy boom well done cigar that's that's proactive thinking. I love that right. Um regarding. Steve are you working together no.

I haven't seen. Steve in years. I have no. Idea what he's doing.

But he was fun to work with at that the time uh. Liam says thank you for all your time and information. I voted number one for you in return thank you [Music] um what are the most common. Big.

Blocks and limiting beliefs you recommend we work on a um that um hesitation anything that makes you hesitate. So the idea that you're not good enough that you're not smart enough that you're not cute enough that you're not successful enough work on those um that things that the things you want aren't worth the energy and the effort to get them one of the things that tends to come up more often than anything else is that you look. At something you want and you really want it. But all these little voices are trying to keep you the same it's to takes too much time it costs too much money it's not worth the effort you'll be too old when you get it um you're not smart the moment you hear those things coming up that's your your internal autonomic nervous system wanting to save you pain and effort and keep you the same that's the biggest limiting belief that that we all struggle from is that we're not enough that or the reward isn't worth the investment.

Nothing in life is wasted every training you've ever gone to every lesson you've ever had even when you every bad thing that's ever happened to you everything about it in spite of how you got it is a resource it's something that you're going to be able to use in some new inspired um enlightened way down the line they it gave you something that you're going to be able to use in the future you may not understand exactly how you're going to use it. But it's always worth the energy right. The fact that you deserve it right. You're the fact that you're a soul in a body means you have the right.

To be successful right. Because you're going to get older no. Matter what would you rather be older with the things that make you feel good about yourself or would you rather be older feeling like oh. I should have done that right.

Choose your regrets right. Um. So start there. Patty.

Pacifico says. David. Dr. David you are the best whether you win or not though.

I do hope you win thank you. Patty that's great. Ernie says. David your techniques have had such a big influence in my life thanks you're very welcome.

Ernie uh. Susan says hey. David when is our. Next regular.

AMA. Susan our. Next regular. AMA our.

Platinum. AMA is tomorrow 4M. Pacific if you're a platinum member you can join us on the. AMA if you're not when would now be a good time to join the.

YouTube channel at the. Platinum level or higher. So you can get even more cool stuff and you can actually talk to me face to face rather than through a chat channel right. Um music says.

Legend thanks again. Kim. T. King.

Titan says always good to see you. David always good to see you too um. Sagar says is there any hairline that is specifically found in highly energetic or intuitive yeah m-shaped hairline you got the right. One all right.

Cynthia says screw being old too old. I'm on it the dude says okay. You convinced me. I'm gonna get back to work thanks cigar says.

I have observed that most people that are highly spiritual interested in energetic stuff like that have a sinus or cough issues is there yes. Because the. Third eye is situated right. Here in the sinuses a lot of times um they need to clear that out to get their.

Third eyes. To work properly all right. You guys good night. God bless you platinums and higher we'll see you tomorrow same bad time same thatat channel go to.

Global gurus. org cast your vote please please please. I need your support let's rock the world let's show the world where the best. NLP and spirit training in the planet manifestation and attraction and all those good things if you got a problem we got a solution let's take it to the. Next.
