Title: Mind Control Skills: How To Hypnotize Anyone FAST
File Name: 878Bwaqe4n0.txt
Video Id: 878Bwaqe4n0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=878Bwaqe4n0

And uh. But. I come from a i you guys know. I'm a martial artist right.

And in the. Traditions that. I. I grew up in the times.

I trained if you as a martial arts instructor promoted a student your name was on their certificate and that student couldn't do the drills to the appropriate level that was reflection on you as a teacher right. And. I and. I took.

That to heart very very very deeply that's why. I can count on one hand the number of people. I've promoted to. Black still have fingers left over um and why nobody gets out of this room without their reps because if you go out into the world and you can't perform that's on me right.

And if my name's on your certificate it's going to mean something right. For you because at the end of the day. I can only control what you do when you're in here and even that's to a limited degree. I can lead you to the water.

But. I can't make you drink it right. So just commit because this is the worst you'll ever be you're only going to get better right. It's only going to get better and speaking of getting better let's talk about formal inductions is this thing on see here okay.

Um the the. First induction that we're going to talk about is called called the for. Magic. Bullets induction it should be on page one or two of your manual.

I think yeah four. Magic. Bullets we talk about the four. Magic.

Bullets the four. Magic. Bullets is a derivative induction what. I mean by that what.

I mean by that is that the uh hypnotic operators that were active in form. Magic. Bullets originally come from a much larger comp a much larger induction known as the. Elman induction for those of you who uh don't know.

Dave. Elman was a contemporary of. Milton ericon he was they were they came up around the same time they formed two very different. But complimentary schools of hypnosis the eriksonian school was all about conversational.

Linguistics and and confusion inductions and uh very very subtle direct forms of suggestion very powerful stuff the. Elman school was more of a very direct not necessarily authoritarian. But very direct very obvious overt inductions not a lot of linguistic technique and and finesse in that school. But very very powerful very very uh useful in medical medical applications what you've got here is very much a derivative of that elman's biggest contribution was his induction and the induction uh prior to.

Elman there's a concept a phenomena in hypnosis known as fractionation all right. And you'll hear the you you'll the term subul. ISM used a lot in hypnosis subul ism is a state where um it's almost like that dream state like that state you're in right. As you're waking up in the morning or right.

As you're going to sleep at night where you're kind of here kind of not the somnambulistic state for our purposes as a hypnotist is the state in which the human nervous system is most most open to external. Direction it's that point where you you are more likely to take in a suggestion and and it creates your current experience of reality um many cultures use psychogenics to get into those states to break down those barriers um and that's the. C for classically trained hypnotist that's the operational state that somnambulistic state it roughly corresponds to about the. Theta state in biof feedback.

But you know when people start talking about. Alpha and. Theta these brain wave states you have to understand something those terms come from the biof feedback community and they roughly correspond with that dream level. State and somehow some way it got grafted into hypnosis as somnambulism is the anal analogous to.

Theta that may not necessarily be true. I have a report um study's done a brain wave study is done on many forms of meditators all doing some form of altered state work and they're all accessing. Theta and. Alpha.

But the different parts of their brain are in those. States depending on what type of meditation that they're doing. So it's it it's not as cut and dried as we like to think. So for all intents and purposes it's not really useful the somnambulistic state is best gauged by the kind of phenomena you can produce period the more open to.

Direction somebody is. Then more rapidly these things work it's really about compliance and as long as you've getting compliance you've got what you need okay. Now prior to. Elman it was believed that order for somebody to get to a somnambulistic state you had to hypnotize them multiple times over a long period and.

Then um. Elman whose father was actually um his elman's father actually was dying of cancer and elman's father had a friend who was a stage hypnotist and that hypnotist paid a visit to elman's father one day who was in terrible pain he went up for an hour came down an hour. Later his father was completely painfree and remained painfree until he passed and that's what sparked elman's interest in hypnosis and. Elman got a hold of this idea of what we call fractionation now fractionation is a phenomena that happens if.

I put you in a trance and. Then. I bring you out of it or almost out of it and. I put you back in when.

I put you back into that state you will go deeper than the previous time it's fractionating. So literally if. I go up and. Then.

I bring you down and. I reach here if. I bring you up and. I bring down now you'll go here.

Then. I bring you up again and. I bring you down and you go here and it was thought that's how you get people into somnambulism. But it was believed up until.

Elman that you had to do that over a period of weeks and. Elman who was kind of. I guess a little bit on the impatient side said well what would happen if. I just hypnotized them like 4 days in a row could.

I get somebody reliably into a state of sub nulis and. So he tried it he brought somebody in and. HTI him day one hypnotizing day two day three sure enough by the fourth time sub nulis right. He goes well that's interesting.

So it doesn't take weeks. I can do it in days what would happen if. I hypnotized them like four times in an in an hour and he did it sure enough by the fourth time. Third or fourth time something.

ULM they said wait a minute what if. I just hypnotize him four times in a row sure enough boom subul. ISM. So this idea of fractionation and this idea of sub of reaching subul.

ISM very very quickly um sambul has always been a part of hypnosis. But it was really. Elman back in the the early part of the 20th century who gave us that big leap in our ability to get sub nulis because there's a certain level of the population that you blow on them they'll go into a profound trance right. It's on a bell curve the average person is is somewhere in the middle.

But when you start applying the elmond inductions or the elmond based inductions that curve. DRS dramatically down it just everybody goes in the induction. I'm about to share with you will reliably put anyone you do it on into a profound sub nulis state in under 2 and. A2 minutes it is the most bullet proof induction.

I've ever come across there are convincers and tests built into it through the entire process. So you know exactly where they're at it's like a video game there's four simple things you need to have a person do you you ask them to do them you test to see that they've done it move on to the. Next piece okay. So that's where we're at before we do the in actual induction.

I want to talk to you about a concept called uh you see where it says here get permission this gives us brings us to something known as the hypnotic contract the hypnotic contract comes in two varieties the overt hypnotic contract and the covert hypnotic contract this class deals primarily with the overt hypnotic contract the the covert the overt hypnotic contract is an agreement between you as the hypnotist or the therapist and the other person's unconscious mind right. Contracts have two parts us the subject agree to follow my instructions without question or pause to the best of your ability with the proper attitude that attitude will always be. I love the suggestions. David is giving me.

I know they're going to work if only it were that simple right. I call this like. Snow. White or.

Cinderella and her three evil sisters. Cinderella being. I love the suggestions. Dave is giving me.

I know they're going to work right. Unfortunately there are three other attitudes that can sneak in at any given moment and poison your subjects results. First one is. I hate those suggestions.

I'm not following them you right. It's entirely possible that you have the best of intentions you give somebody a suggestion and they hate it right. This often happens by the way in an abreactive clients where you use a certain word or a certain context and it triggers them like for instance um let's say that you're taking somebody to the beach and you're describing the way flowing in and they have a water phobia that you didn't know about or a shark attacked them while they were at the beach right. And all of a sudden you.

I'm not doing that right. Well guess what no. Change happens right. Doesn't happen that often.

But this is why it's very important to pay attention during your consult to what the client is telling you. So you can derive safe. Linguistics does that make sense. Second one is um they hear the suggestion from you and they're like.

H it's not bad. I don't hate it don't. NE like it. I guess it'll work one of the things you need to understand is that the emot your your unconscious mind is the emotional mind you have to grab them by the you have to grab the client by the brain stem it has to be something that they feel emotionally charged for right.

If they if you can hook. Them with their emotions and. Then give them repetition the unconscious mind is going to grab that and it's going to run with it. But if it's kind of a.

Luke neutral lukewarm kind of a suggest there's nothing really compelling about it or you're not putting the emotional energy into it to make it compelling you're going to need a lot of repetition to make that work okay. Doesn't mean you can't do it because that's how old school hypnosis works just blatant repetition for hours and it works. But there are better ways there more useful ways. I think.

Finally the one that is uh the the. Last one that can really kind of subvert your session is the one that sneaks in without. PE you'll hear it every now and. Then and it says to hear the suggestions they're like oh.

I like that suggestion. I hope it works hope is the bastard son of try. Okay. The word.

Try by the way is one of those words we never use unless except strategically try implies an inability to complete an action if you take your pen hold it in your thumb between your thumb and your forefinger out in front of you squeeze it really hard this is not a hypnotic suggestion. But right. Now pay very. CL close attention to my words and do exactly what.

I say try to drop it. I didn't say drop it. I said try to drop it see can't follow instructions right. That's what try does try implies an inability to complete an action in a dating context when you ask someone out and they say they'll try to make it they ain't showing up right.

Learn to translate okay. So if you give the uncons ious mind any form of wiggle room it'll take it okay. Because it sorts for what's familiar and many times what we're asking the unconscious mind to do isn't familiar you understand and that's where hope comes in think about the the context in which we talk about hope hope generally implies that there's a tremendous possibility that something's not going to happen and there's a tiny chance it might well tremendous possibility something's not going to happen tiny chance it might what have you been familiar with for the most of your life this that's not going to happen guess what it chooses right. So be very very careful with words like try and hope okay.

When you were working with a client you want to engender inside of them a a an attitude of receptivity. Hence the acceptable selective thinking you want to manage the expectations of your clients you want to make it a very fun playful casual even though even though you may be dealing with some seriously heinous being a technical term right. You have to have that very calm matter of fact you're not callous or or you're not flippant you're not kind of like saying. I you're it's no.

Big deal it's more like we can handle this it's not a problem right. Or as. Stephanie would say it's fine it's fine you'll be fine right. But that's the energy that you want to have.

So when you uh wrap your mind around this is that the the attitude that we want our clients to have is. I love the suggestions. I'm getting. I know this is going to work now that comes across more in your attitude more in your presuppositions of of of success and how you talk about the suggestions and things like that how you build that into your work is up to you.

But that's the thing. I want you to understand. But the agreement is you as the subject agree to follow the instructions of the hypnotist to your greatest to the greatest degree possible with the proper attitude okay. That's your end of it my job or if you're the hypnotist your job as the hypnotist is to do everything in your power to get the change the person came to you for that you've agreed to help them get and keep them safe as hypocrite hypocritic oath.

First. Do no. Harm keep your subjects safe create safety for your clients. First because if you're not creating safety you're not going to get very far okay.

We talk about that um there's a section in your manual called resourcing it's right. Under uh. Abri action we'll talk about resourcing tomorrow even though you've actually learned a huge piece of the. Mechanics for resourcing already it's the very.

First thing. I taught you um we'll elaborate more on that tomorrow. But resourcing is extremely important. But your job now here's here's the interesting thing about the hypnotic contract once you have it see you say.

Seth would you like to be hypnotized yes. Would you like to be hypnotized by me oh yeah that's an important little statement because sometimes they want to be hypnotized by not by you right. And by the way every now and. Then you're going to work with some you may work with somebody in your class that just doesn't you know you just don't feel comfortable working with it's okay.

To say look. I'm not comfortable. I'd rather work somewhere else or not not right. Now or something it's okay.

To say that and. I hope if somebody says that to you you're not offended you can't control that professionally someone walks in to your treatment room and you have that icky feeling that makes you want to run screaming. But they pass all your tests um you're more or less committed to working with them if they've done everything you've asked them to do right. But you can still say no.

If you don't feel it's a right. Fit right. Sometimes the biggest lessons for us as therapists come from the people who put make our teeth like grind or clench. I've had a bunch of people like that and.

I've learned tremendous tremendous things about myself and about the processes that. I had to deal with. So one one of the most challenging things for us to do as therapists. But we need to understand it both as people and as therapists is that the our greatest growth will always be running towards the things that make us want to run away the things our greatest areas of growth our greatest insights about who we are what we believe what we're pot what our cap what our potentials are are always hidden behind the fear they're hidden behind the pain behind the discomfort when you become comfortable being uncomfortable you're on your way and that's really what we're talking about it for for this class you're going to deal with some heavy duty stuff you're going to learn how to deal with it you're going to get used to the for lack of a better word and it's going to become just another day at the office it won't ever.

It won't always be comfortable right. But it will be useful and it will be worthwhile and that's the point whether you're doing this from the therapist side or whether you're doing this from the subject side your greatest growth is always behind the pain it's always behind the fear it's hidden like fog hides details the information you need to take the. Next step is always behind that okay. So regardless of what your reason is or where you're going to go with this material understand that and just accept it as the the.

Navy. Seals used to call it embrace the suck right. Um there's an old there's a pain is a sign of weakness leaving the body that's true enough to be true right. That being said nobody who comes into your office is broken they're all perfectly working human beings the reason they're in that chair is because the nature did what it was supposed to do it activated a mechanism that allowed them to survive a situation that was outside of their control that was overwhelming to them and it got them through it and it got them to your chair that's not somebody who's broken that's somebody whose system did what it was supposed to do.

But the feelings they have make them think they're broken right. And you have to reframe that for them you have to make them understand that does that make sense okay. That being said an interesting thing about the hypnotic contract is once you have it anything you tell the subject will put them in trance will. So we have this thing called the induction that we do where once.

I've got the contract. I'll say um what's your name again that's fun. I've done. I've done everything from.

Eduardo to. Ernesto to. I'll just call you e for sure there we go right. Right.

If. I if. I if. I get a hypnotic contract with.

E and. I say e. I'm going to look. At you three times.

First time. I look. At you and go your eyes. Are going to get really really heavy it's going to be like there's sand in them it's like you're going to you're going to want to close them.

But you won't. But you'll feel that need growing inside of you the. Second time. I look.

At you and go your eyes. Will become. So heavy that's right. Your eyes.

Will become. So heavy that they just won't want you you'll still struggle to keep them open. But you'll feel that desire to close your eyes. Getting stronger and stronger the.

Third time. I look. With you and go your eyes. Will just want to close all the way down it'll be.

So overwhelming you'll just want to relax and let go and it'll he's already gone right. Right. And it'll just he's he look. The minute.

I took. His attention away he his his defenses went down right. He's fighting it right. Now you can see how glassy his eyes.

Are right. All. I did was describe it right. One two three eyes.

Open feeling good all right. Once you have the contract pretty much anything you say puts the person in trance will tend to put the person in trance it's really cool right. There's another side it's called the covert hypnotic contract and the way that works is you intentionally uh connect with somebody through their unconscious mind you give them a suggestion or a. Direction they follow it if they follow the instruction you've got a contract that's the covert hypnotic contract we have we cover that aspect of it in our influence classes like.

CPI killer influence. CPI 23 or four right. But we can get that just out in the real world as well right. We give somebody a.

Direction law of compliance takes over and boom you're. Off to the. Races. But you have to be able to see the effects of trans and that's one of the things that we need to talk about a little bit when people go into trance depending on how you've transed them out and the context the environment their trance will look.

Different in this context you're going to see what we call the hypnotic mask the face is going to become very relaxed they get 10 years younger um many times um they'll have a a subjective sensation of being hot or cold because the capillaries and the the are the blood vessels dilate as you go into trans and. So blood flows to the surface and they may that temperature differential may give them the impression of being cooler or hotter um you may see the face flush a little bit a lot of times when you look. At the eyes. Um what you'll see is what we call frivol frivol is that fluttering of the eyelids all right.

Not to be confused with rapid eye movement it's different rapid eye movement or. REM is usually if if someone's dreaming their eyes. Are like all over the map when someone goes into somnambulism you get some you get frivol as well or not filation a rapid eye movement. But it's different rapid ey movement when someone's in subn tends to be very lateral like a pendulum you'll see the eyeballs moving beneath the eyelids.

But it' be be much more rhythmic whereas someone someone is dreaming they move up move down all over the place right. Um it can also be this way too because it's very similar. States okay. Many times the eyes.

Will roll back into the head like half the eyelids will be open you'll see like zombie eyes. Poking out at you right. So these are all things that you you may notice as you guide people through the process. I wouldn't worry about them too much what are you doing over here giving me zombie eyes.

Right. In your book. There's something called the uh the. Spiegel eye roll the.

Spiegel eye roll was uh something discovered by. Dr. David. Spiegel he was a researcher at.

Stanford he discovered or made the discovery that people who could roll their eyes. All the way back up inside their head tended to be natural somnambulists and he could gauge a person's degree of natural talism by how far they could roll their eyes. Back you turned it into an induction you this is what this is why a lot of times a lot of meditative practices will have you roll your eyes. Up and look.

At your your. Third eye it puts you in a subul istic state right. If you've ever seen. DNA.

Theta healers the good ones when they start accessing. Theta those roll all the way they're look. Like looking through the top of their head right. It's not it's not coincidental that.

Theta healing was created by hypnotist yeah. Vienna. Styles's husband was a hypnotist yeah right. I'm certified in the.

DNA. Thea healing. Advanced. Data and manifestation techniques very very triggering class it's crazy um.

Anyway. So always start with getting the contract. I'm the hypnotist you're the subject my job is to get you the change you came for and keep you safe no. Matter what your job is to follow my instructions without question or pause to the best of your ability would you like to be hypnotized would you like to be hypnotized by me yes.

Perfect let's begin right. And now once. I have that and what you want to look. At remember.

I said the unconscious mind always answers. First pay attention to what they do before the words come out of their mouth if you say would you like to be hypnotized by me and they go yes. All right. It's hard for me to do that in congruently right.

Be very aware of that and inoculate or deal with that build more. Comfort before moving forward right. If they show any hesitation engage in more. Comfort building right.

Maybe some color breathing you know that's why. I do the pleasure thing because once they're feeling pleasure they want more of it they'll do whatever. I ask them to do just to get more of another hit remember that blue energy you like. So much all right.

Sh in your eyes. Yeah she get they'll get very shinny when they come out of. Trance. First of all you'll see a lot of if you've done your work well they'll be very shinny their eyes.

Will have a lot of light to them. But also they'll tend to be very bloodshot like they smoke two or three dubies right. And a lot of that is because once again as you relax the capillaries and the blood vessels in your eyes. Relax also and.

So more blood flows in and you can see them more right. So you can be pretty sure if you if they if they open their eyes. And there's a lot of red there they were going they were deep right. Many times um people don't realize how deep they've gone until they've come out you don't realize you're on the you're on the fast track right.

So don't even try to gauge where you're at as you're going through the process just you know commit yourself to it and enjoy it because there's going to be a huge endorphin release when you do that okay. So that being said let's talk talk about the four. Magic. Bullets four.

Magic. Bullets has four simple steps relax the eyelids test it oh this sounds familiar right. Relax the body test it fractionate the eyes. We'll talk about that in a minute and.

Then relax the mind okay. Those are the four steps they fit on an index card right. Everything else is whatever words you want to use to hit those four steps right. Paul can.

I use you all right. Uh good you just happen to be convenient all right. Uh where's my chair. So every every piece of the four.

Magic. Bullets is a command or an instruction or. Direction and a test. Paul would you like to be hypnotized sure would you like to be hypnotized by me yeah excellent close your eyes.

For me take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath and every beat of your heart. Paul in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'd like you to just focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes.

I like you to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids and. I like you to keep keep relaxing them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore and. Paul when you know you've got them.

So relaxed that they just don't want to work anymore all. I want you to do is give them a quick test just to be sure that's excellent now stop testing spread that relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart just let go that's it now. Paul in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to pick up your left hand with the fingers of my left hand. I don't want you to help me or hinder me in any way all. I want you to do.

Paul is let that hand hang loose limp like a wet dish rag or an overcooked noodle let it fall onto your lap or the side of the chair only at the rate and speed that you can double triple maybe even quadruple this sense of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen loose and. Limp like a wet dishcloth perfect fall all the way down deeper and deeper now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes.

Each and every time you open and close your eyes. All. I want you to do is allow that relaxation to double triple maybe even quadruple that sense of relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen open those eyes. All the way up close those eyes.

All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those eyes. All the way up closing those eyes. All the way down 10 times deeper. Every.

Breath. You. Take. Every.

Beat of your heart just going deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those eyes. All all the way up closing those eyes. All the way down fantastic. Paul you're doing amazing now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to relax your mind just as deeply as we've relaxed your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter.

Z with each and every breath you take in each and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller darker harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now. Paul. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in mind as you are in body all.

I want you to do is allow one of your fingers to begin to float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drift dreaming letting that finger float up with honest unconscious movements perfect now just drop that finger and go even deeper even more powerfully into a wonderful juicy. State of. Trance a trance that you really enjoy a trance that feels really good now we've end we've finished the formal level of our induction.

Paul and because you've been such a great help a great demo subject you've followed all the instructions you've obeyed all the commands you've pass pass all the tests. I'd like to give you a special gift special prize now. Paul. I'm going to go out on a limb here and.

I'm going to. M. I'm going to think that maybe there was a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling all-encompassing pleasure imaginable a pleasure that if any chance you got to do it man you would be on it in a heartbeat you couldn't wait and every time you did it was. So awesome maybe you found yourself making up.

EX exuses to go do it again now. I'm not going to ask you what kind of pleasure that was what was involved what substances made whether it was legal or illegal. I don't care. Paul all.

I care about is that when you remember that feeling and how good it was and how much you like to do it when you see what you see and you hear what you hear you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing feeling that you get feeling of absolute that's right. Absolute pleasure and you know what there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from now. I'm not going to ask you to point to where you feel it that might be private. I don't care about where it starts.

But as you focus on that area you're going to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious. Paul what color colors that might be for you. First impression psychedelic psychedelic baby yeah.

I want you to imagine a big ball that. Psych elic energy floating above your head. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of psychedelic energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insul you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited.

Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. Paul. So. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that you know it's locked in test it try to turn that off and notice what happens instead what what do you notice brother it's there excellent now. Paul in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I want you to notice something. I'm going to give you s very special gift from this moment forward. Paul each and every time you hypnotize somebody each and every time you are completely hypnotized by another person this pleasure will come flooding back in right. At the moment that you've completed the hypnotic process the moment you brought somebody out of.

Trance boom that wonderful psychedelic energy will surge through all throughout your mind all throughout your body twice as strong as the time before and each and every time you successfully hypnotize somebody boom it's going to come flooding back boom it's going to double and triple in size and strength double and triple in force and magnitude and each and every time you are successfully hypnotized as the subject the moment you emerge from trans and it's safe to do. So boom your unconscious mind is going to give you another hit of that amazing psychedelic pleasure boom it's going to double and triple in size and strength boom double and triple in force and magnitude getting stronger and stronger and stronger that's my gift to you and what's going to happen. Paul a byproduct of this amazing process is your skills your abilities your confidence to hypnotize people anytime anywhere is going to magnify it's going to amplify you're going to move through the world with more confidence more. Charisma more ability to exert your hypnotic skills under any circumstances and get the results that you want as the hypnotist and as the subject your hypnotic abilities will.

Blossom and. Bloom and every time you successfully complete a hypnotic process either as the hypnotist or as the subject boom that pleasure is going to come flooding all throughout your mind all throughout your body twice as strong as the time before leaving you hungry for more ready to go out and get more good stuff because you deserve it you've done the work you're following the instructions you're obeying the commands it's just the way it works. So in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'd like you to use your imagination for me like you to imagine that you're out in class or out in the world and you go out and you find somebody and you successfully hypnotize them and as soon as you're done hypnotizing them boom here comes that pleasure oh my. God does it feel good that's right. That's right. Now.

I want you to imagine you're out in the world maybe you're at a training maybe you're practicing with somebody and you're the subject and you go through a hypnotic process you come out of it and as soon as you come out of it boom there's that feeling locking everything in locking all the changes amplifying strengthening making it better than the time before. I want you to go ahead and cycle through as many of those moments as you can and notice how each and every time you do as soon as you come out of it boom there's that pleasure boom there is that power there is that sense of confidence and skill and ability to become an. Unstoppable all powerful hypnotist able to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason take all the time you need until it becomes. So locked in just the thought of hypnotizing well boom there it is that's what.

I'm talking about that's my gift to you. Paul from this moment forward you're going to become an. Unstoppable hypnotist and you're going to have that huge rush of pleasure in exactly the way you most want it each and every time you hypnotize someone each and every time you are successfully hypnotized that. Rush of pleasure will double triple maybe even quadruple leading to.

Greater skill greater ability more of what you want exactly the way you want it for all the right. Reasons now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five when.

I reach the number five you'll emerge from this process now. I'm not sure if you remember what's supposed to happen when you come out of a hypnotic process number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where your neurology is primed to fully locked and loaded to make you the most powerful hypnotist you can be maybe even stronger than you thought you were able to do number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 100 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate. Express these changes in all the ways that give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance always is at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your all powerful unconscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those.

Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you. Paul you've made the investment you've made the journey you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've most certainly earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you're going to live it to the fullest starting now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this process bringing all that psychedelic goodness with you head clear mind clear. Soul clear thinking acting with self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive wait for it wait for it five whoa he's sweating imagine that big round of applause for the man have a stay here all right. So what you saw was two parts. First was the induction the.

Second was what. I call the. Hypno. Cookie all right.

Hypno. Cookies are reward systems we put in place to reward you for doing hypnosis both as the subject and as the as the the hypnotist remember the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced. So you want to set up reward systems right. From the get-go that's one of the reasons why we do pleasure during the consultation it makes them want to go further it makes them want to come back right.

And it gives them an experience that whoa something did happen right. Very very and there's never any overt trance besides the heavy- hand light hand there's never an obvious induction it's like well he didn't even hypnotize me right. And. I got this right.

So everything is loaded in your favor as the hypnotist right. You're hypnotizing them from the moment they walk in the fraking room they just don't know it right. But a couple of things. So you saw when.

I got to the eye fractionation part with open eye open en closure that's called the disguised fractionation test if you paid attention to how. I did it. I had open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes.

You break up the. Rhythm because one of the things we want to test for at this stage is are they ex internally directed or externally directed if you have them open and close their eyes. And they close their eyes. Before you tell them to they're driving that means they're not following instructions when or if that happens you call them on it and you either bring them out start again or you talk a little bit more you go back to the fractionation test and you make sure they're with you in real time right.

Each and everything. I did did had a had a direction a test and. Then we moved on four basic steps close your eyes. Close your eyes.

Relax your eyelids to the point where they just won't work when you're sure they're relaxed to the point where they just won't work test them to be sure. Then stop testing spread that relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes in a moment. I'm going to pick up your left hand don't don't try to help me or hinder me in any way just let it drop loose and. Limp like a rag doll in a moment.

I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple quadruple that sense of physical relaxation open your eyes. Close your eyes.

Open your eyes. Close your eyes. Open your eyes. Close your eyes.

All the way down in a moment. I'm going to ask you to relax your mind just as deeply as you relaxed your body. I just want you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards. Paul keep relaxing those letters out of your mind make them smaller darker harder to see till they're.

So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore when you know you've got them not relaxed allow one of your fingers to float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process perfect now stop testing flow that relaxation go deeper and deeper in a moment. Paul not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this process bringing all of my previous suggestions into reality with you amplifying them 10 times stronger than they were a moment ago feeling them in every way that's wonderful one one feel yourself coming back number two moving closer now moving back to this place we call reality three almost there four you know what happens when we reach the number five wait for it wait for it building building building wait for it five. I now you just saw two versions of the four. Magic.

Bullets the bells and whistles version and the. No. Holds bar read it off the bullet point read read it off the index card version which do you think was was was deeper. Second one for two reasons a generally speaking the faster you do the the induction the deeper they go.

Second of all it was the. Second time. I it's actually the fourth or fifth time. I've hypnotized him because the.

Elon induction is actually like four inductions at once and deep it's it's simult this is why it's. So powerful it's not based on the person's belief system it's based on compliance and it's based on their physiology if. I put some if. I hook.

Somebody up to an. MRI a. CT scan and. I put them through each of those phases you would see the parts of their brain start to change the blood flow would change it's a physiological process it's not about whether they believe it or not it's about what they do with their body that's one of the reasons this is.

So powerful four simple steps you give simple clear instructions you test to see that they've done it you move on to the. Next level relax the eyelids to the point where they just don't work test it spread the relaxation lift the arm drop it open and close the eyes. Monopolize their field of vision because just like before we don't want them being visually distracted this by the way is also a suggestion if you start if notice how you you get that heavy feeling right. He can't like watch those hands.

I going right. That's a suggestion okay. Relaxing the the letters out of their mind unless you're a professional drunk who trains to pass drunk tests most people don't memorize the alphabet backwards right. So the minute they start.

Imagining the alphabet backwards they'll usually hit. T by the time they hit. T they're done it's too much brain power right. So whether they voluntarily lose the letters or they just go because you can't remember it.

I still win right. When you know they're gone allow one of your fingers to float up with honest unconscious movements now there's two ways that the uncons or the the neurology can respond you have conscious movement and unconscious movement the process we're talking about is called idiom motor signaling a conscious mind movement take your finger and just move it up and down see how smooth and and fluid that is that's conscious mind movement unconscious movement if you were close enough to see looks a lot like this because it's a different set of muscles use moving that finger okay. So that jerky now sometimes this is no. Pun intended it looks like a little miniature erection they'll go boing right.

With the finger very rare. But it does happen um when that happens. I'll usually deepen them a little bit more just to make sure. I've got the unconscious mind fully engaged a lot of times as you as you go as they go deeper it may take a while for that finger to move cuz they are.

So deep they think they're moving the finger and and it hasn't reached the surface yet right. There'll be you'll be people doing this they'll swear their hands didn't move and they're like this right. You there's such a broad range of how people. Express themselves in trance it's it's almost impos it's almost useless to try and generalize what you can count on is if they're complying to your suggestions you're you're doing what you need to be doing and that goes with testing you see me hear you hear this phrase a lot keep doing it until it's impossible to go back the way it was and when you know it's done no.

Your head to let me know or when you know it's done try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead these are tests that. I throw in at random moments it's a self- validation mechanism because once they've. Pro gone through a process certain amount of times and they can't go back their neurology has grabbed a hold of that program and is now making it the norm okay. So it simultaneously convinces them and it also puts the burden of change on the client because if a client tells you that they've done a process.

But they really haven't and. Then they don't get the change whose fault is it exactly and. So this is one of the reasons that we do this remember contracts have two sides it is impossible for you as a hypnotist to fail unless you quit. I mean that wholeheartedly it is impossible for you to fail unless you give up right.

The client will probably give up before you do and that's okay. Because. Then burden is on them right. But they won't fail either if you're if you're doing things the way.

I'm showing you because again if you've done your consultation right. If you've gone through the form. Magic. Bullets they're already in a profoundly neuroplastic.

State they have high expect you know expectations of success and you're starting with things that are very easy for them to to accomplish and create and calibrate we tomorrow when we start going through the therapeutic processes we'll show you the we call the the general change workk. Silo that we use the which starts with. General negativity clearing specific negativity and. Then primary interventions uh it's a shorter.

Silo than identity by. Design. But uh still extremely powerful um. But that's where we're going.

So what's going to happen now if it's okay. With. TJ um. I have to jet out of here around 6ish.

But. I want you guys to practice your four. Magic. Bullets inductions if possible.

I'd like you guys to go a little bit. Later tonight and. I'd like you to get at least three reps in as the subject three reps in as the client and if you want to throw in that hypn cookie which means just anchoring pleasure to everything hypnosis related right. If you if you're and if you're wondering what to say or how to say it think about what you would want somebody to say to you to program you to associate massive pleasure and change and ability and give it to the client right.

It's really really simple have them close their eyes. Relax the tiny muscles spread the relaxation drop the hand open and close the eyes. Three times have them relax the alphabet out of their mind have them give you a finger signal to let you know it's done. Then you just deepen when you do this you will put nine t nine well unless you they've.

SC you've screwed up during the consultation uh and missed something uh you will reliably put 9 to 10 out of 10 people into a subabul istic state the. First time now when you put them into that subabul istic state they're not deep in subabul they're right. At the border usually. So it's usually important to deepen them deepening them uses can be a simple 1 to five count or a 5:1 count it can be any transition metaphor that you want to use whatever you want to do right.

The color breathing works really well for this stuff okay. Especially for the states and things like that okay. So. I'd like you to go to at least 6:30 if you can go to 7 that would be optimal right.

And. Then we'll start. First thing tomorrow with um reviewing for. Magic.

Bullets and. Then building on that questions on what. I've shown you. So far no.

You've been hypnotizing people all day this is just a more formal version yes. Want to give him the the microphone just a question on the uh color breathing are you using that to deepen them or as the cookie or yes. Both. I can use it you're going to find out that color breathing is one of the most versatile tools we have um.

But for for this particular induction. I'm using it to uh once. I access the body feelings and. I turn it into a color that color combined with breath combined with kinesthetics is a huge huge huge magnifier to experience and because it's largely uh once youve turn it into a color it becomes very context free which is kind of cool um when we start talking about trauma we'll talk about a phenomenon known as.

Alexia. Alexia is a condition that happens where people experience a certain feeling or range of feelings that they don't have a word for and because they don't have a word for it they can't process it okay. When you turn a feeling into a it's something they understand now they can process it okay. Uh book.

You want to pick up for this is called uh the body keeps the score by basil vandel v n d r k o l k it's three words vaner kulk he's a. Dutch guy right. He's one of the leading authorities on trauma in the body. So for for those this is what this class is about.

So you need to go you go deep level with this okay. So it is 554. I want you to. I'm going to give you 30 minutes to do this now how the.

Second time. I did it with. Paul how long did it take literally like two minutes right. That's if you're slow right.

Now the secret to this is the faster you do it the deeper they go. But here's what you need to understand it's not how fast you can go it's how fast the client can go and still effectively follow your follow your instructions. So if it takes somebody 10 minutes to do your instructions. Then that's fast for them won't be because.

I've been hammering you with this whether you guys realized it or not. I don't do the demo for. Paul's sake. I do it to install this in you right.

Half of you were like right. That's the point it's already in you now you just got to bring it out unconsciously installing stuff is easy every every. NLP trainer is taught how to do that the problem is they don't teach you the other half which is how to get it out out you got to build the recall pathway if you don't build the recall pathway it stays latent in the system and you only get what what passed through your conscious mind that's been my experience other people will argue with me left and right. I don't give a because if they can produce the results.

I produce or my students produce. I'm coming to their training right. I'm a little competitive right. Give him a big round of applause he did great were there any other questions before.

I turn you loose on each other all right. Hypnotize each others.
