Title: How To Manifest Anything! Law of Attraction: How To Change Your Frequency To Change Your Reality
File Name: 8gVxqvxCwuc.txt
Video Id: 8gVxqvxCwuc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gVxqvxCwuc

How many lucky how many people have ever been have have ever felt lucky right. How many people would consider themselves lucky people okay. Mostly okay. Very cool um one of the things that that we talk about a lot is you know some people just kind of everything they touch turns to.

Gold don't just [ __ ] hate those people right. You know there are some people in life that are the schlep rocks of the world you guys know who schlep. Rock if you know who s rock is you are [ __ ] old okay. I'm just going to tell you that right.

Now. But it's true um couple of couple of disclaimers before we get started my name is. David. Snider most of you know who.

I am this is. NLP power. SL. NLP today if.

I'm talking way too fast it's because the drugs have kicked in and uh. I want to get playful. I want to have a good time because we need to in order to manifest and to use the. Law of.

Attraction see one of the things that people haven't told you even though they told you was that in order to manifest using the. Law of. Attraction you have to have a frequency that is in harmony with your dominant thoughts that is also in harmony with the things that you want here's the problem they didn't tell you what that actually meant when they talk about frequency and they didn't tell you what your dominant thoughts actually were [ __ ] right. Because they made you buy all these books told you put all these cool pictures on the board and.

Then what nothing right. I'm going to teach you a couple of very very simple. But powerful tweaks. But that's actually not even where we're supposed to go tonight tonight.

I'm going to teach you something that if we can install these in you tonight or at least give you the road to begin you will start attracting more and more and more lucky events and opportunities whether they're. Financial professional romantic it won't matter it will sensitize you and it will change how you move through the world. So that as you move through the world your neurology will literally call your attention to. Opportunities and situations and events that give you more of what you want and a lot of times as long as you're willing to do whatever it takes you won't need to that's that's why.

I want to get out of here okay. Right. But the secret to that piece is the willingness to do whatever it takes because until you're willing to do the 27 steps necessary to get from point. A to the end result the universe will not manifest the shortcuts that's the test.

I'm making an a metaphor it's okay. There's not 27. But the. First thing we have to do the.

First thing we have to do is we have to get playful we got to how many people people can feel good for no. Freaking reason okay. The rest of you are deep [ __ ] right. Everybody stand up okay.

Now here's one of the secrets. First and foremost everything that human beings do every single thing that human beings do is because of a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of follow me yeah how does this relate to the. Law of. Attraction well it has everything to do with the law of attraction because remember.

I talked about the law of attraction tells us that you will attract things into your life that are in harmony with the frequency you stand out to step out to the universe if your frequency is high the things you attract tend to be much more beneficial well guess what the higher the frequency the more pleasure you feel the more joyful you become the more playful you are playfulness joy happiness love are higher frequencies in seriousness and and rage and frustration now that's almost intuitive right. Almost intuitive right. But how do we how do we manage that the secret is with your body not your mind every single. Behavior every single perceptual filter that you have in other words how we see the world and experience it around us is in response to a feeling state in our body the fastest way to change those filters is to change how we feel the fastest way to change how we feel is to change how we breathe and how we stand now you don't have to believe me the science has already been done okay.

How many people here have ever heard of. TED. Talks okay. How many people here have ever heard of.

Amy cuy if you haven't that's your. First assignment when you go home tonight go to. Ted it's a free talk pull up power poses by. Amy cuy right.

It is probably one of the single most powerful videos you will ever watch because of what you're learning here tonight okay. Amy cudy cu ddy the video is called. Power poses. So here's what.

I'd like you to do. First and foremost after you're done writing. Amy's name down couple things a couple of things while we're standing um we already covered this means yes. This means or this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh [ __ ] right. This means yes. This means no.

There will be a test if uh ful metaphors profanity the word boobies or provocative languaging offends you get the [ __ ] out now because it's only going to get worse all right. My intention is not to offend anyone. But to provoke as many people as humanly possible because until we provoke you we don't know where to go okay. Now.

Later on. I'll tell you if you want you're into transpersonal work. I'll show. I'll tell you.

I'll teach you why that's important. But for right. Now just just to get practical we don't need to know that does that make sense. So.

First and foremost we got to become masters of our body. I can always tell who's going to get the most change and who's not because. I'll tell you to do something. I'll say stand up and you [Music] go.

I'll say point to where you feel you go. I'll say. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture you go this is not helping. I'm going to suggest that if you want the most benefit out of tonight. A have fun get silly get crazy be playful follow the follow the instructions and become little children for a few hours get playful seriously right.

So the. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to look.

Immediately to the person to your right. To the person to your left. I want you to stick out your hand look. Him in the eye and go thank you sir now grab as many human beings as you can and get crazy get silly with it getting jiggy with it.

I'm too silly for myself too silly for myself too silly very good excellent that's much better now. I want you to close your eyes. For me how many people have ever been little open your eyes. Again real quick how many people have ever been little children raise your hands all right.

If you're not raising your hand get the [ __ ] out all right. This is what. I mean yes. If you have been a little child raise your hand how many people when you were little children you could raise your hand it's okay.

You can raise two if you believe it right. How many played pretend as a little kid what kind of pretend did you play everything everything were you a tom boy or a tom girl um. I was did you self-identify as both what's going on yes. Reading reading you self-identify as a reader all right.

How about you young lady what did you play pretend that yes. What should they answer what would you like what did you like to play pretend that when you were a little girl uh tomboy tomboy you were a tomboy and did you play. Cowboys and. Indians soldiers what' you like to play karate karate o.

I like her already. I have a n9th degree black belt in karate. So. I'm good right.

Here's why. I'm asking whether you were a tom boy how many. Tom girls we have in the room by the way no. No.

All right. Here's the thing how many people here played. So soldiers when they were kids superheroes. I'm a geek.

So. I do weird [ __ ] right. Very how many fairy princesses we got in the room how many male fairy princesses we got in the room it's. California right.

You can't admit that you don't self-identify as a fairy princess right. All right. Okay. Whether you whether you whether you played whether you were a tom boy or a tom girl everybody how many people play with their dolls guys no.

No. Dolls all right. How many played with their neighbor dolls when they weren't looking no. All right.

Whether you played. Cowboys and. Indians or. Soldier or superheroes whether you played doctor or played with your.

Barbies or you just had you played tea parties with your stuffed animals would you like them all. Crumpet. Tedy right. Right.

At some point you started to use your imagination you started to pretend you started to get absorbed and focused in the process and the experience of playing pretend as a little kid and maybe when you out in the backyard and you're picking up your stick and you're going to play. Soldier or you're going to play. Cowboys and. Indians the.

First 5 minutes you picked up the toy gun or the stick you knew it was a toy gun you knew it was a toy stick or a stick for the. First five minutes. But six and a half minutes. Later it's a real.

M60 you're really. Rambo and there's really bad guys out there going true not true were you asleep will you asleep that's a good answer were you really really focused on what you were doing were you absorbed in the experience ladies and gentlemen if you can do that tonight you can have any result you want seriously playfully seriously right. Or how many people let's talk about another thing. Focus anybody here know what focus when.

I'm when. I talk about. Focus people think we know what that means right. How many people here have ever seen a movie.

Okay. Cool. So you know how you walk into the the movie maybe it's a date night or something like that you got a bot your your best girl or best guy on one side big. Bo box of popcorn on the other and you're wondering which one's going to be more fun right.

You sit in the chair the lights go down the curtain opens this movie starts can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that experience see if you could you're lying to me it means you weren't absorbed and those are the things that can derail us tonight see there's a part of us that wants to be the smart person there's a part of us that wants to hang out on the sidelines and evaluate everything is it working is he full of [ __ ] am. I going is am. I having the effect do. I look.

Stupid right. If there's a little part of you on the outside going through all those motions we call that smart person syndrome by the way how absorbed in the experience are you that's right. To the degree that that is happening you will slow yourself down to the degree that you let go and just go for it like when you're a little girl playing pretend you will get tremendous change tonight now that's not something. I can say lightly in front of a room half of whom have never met me.

But. I promise you you don't have to believe you just have to follow the instructions and if you can point to where you feel feel something in your bodies you can change it fast if you follow the instructions is that okay. So let's feel good for no. [ __ ] reason everybody think of a time in your life when you saw something.

I'm going to give you a choice you could go for the best pleasure. State ever which may be a little distracting. Later on. But that's okay.

Or maybe there was a time in your life when you saw something that you really really really wanted and some little switch inside you clicked and you said. I'm going to get that and you made a plan and you put the plan into operation and you nailed it home run. I want you to remember that moment. I want you to remember that moment when you realize you got it and.

I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I. Want. You to.

Breathe the way you were breathing in that moment. I want you to close your eyes. As those feelings come flooding back. However it is it's okay.

And notice where in your body you feel it okay. Watching me isn't going to help close your eyes. And get into that feeling take your hand and point to where you feel it in your body notice there's a color connected to that feeling you don't have to tell me. But notice what's the color.

First impression that's right. As you touch that spot imagine that floating in the space around you somewhere is a picture that represents that feeling reach out with your other hand and touch it. First impression excellent now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture. So you know exactly how big it is and all.

I want you to do is grab it both of your hands and like you would expand the window on your iPhone or opening a drape. I want you to make it as big as the room without slugging the person. Next to you notice what happens to the feeling in your body that's what. I'm talking about now just for fun lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happens to the feeling now perfect let it sink in.

I'll tell you what this means in just a moment. But just for the sake of our drill just for just for the moment. I want you to unwrap it lift it back up over your head now you guys all know what a frisbee is right. What you imagine this thing is now shaped like a frisbee.

I want you to throw it behind you as far away as you can notice what happens to the feeling in your body now notice how it changes for most people it gets smaller sometimes it goes away completely a lot of times it goes away completely now once you realize that. I want you to lift your hands up once again imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets. I want you to suck that frisbee right. Back into your hands and because this ladies and gentlemen is your your neurology it's your mind it's your body and you are the god or goddess of your.

Universe. I want you to make that picture as big as you can stand it and find the location in or around your body that gives you the best feeling ever and. Then just let it fix itself in place and from there as it fixes itself in place that all those wonderful feelings all those wonderful. Sensations flow from your heart into your bloodstream from your bloodstream to every place your blood goes those feelings flow notice the process taking place don't try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place let that blood go into the cells and the.

DNA and see feel the. DNA itself beginning to become like little pleasure factories producing and generating more and more and more of those wonderful. Sensations until they become. Perpetual impossible to turn off.

So that for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe this feeling will only grow stronger just notice that happening become aware of the process installing itself and when you know it's done when you know it's locked in impossible to turn off ladies and gentlemen try to turn it off and notice what happens instead what just happened open your eyes. Notice how good you feel what just happened you couldn't you mean you're stuck feeling good now well that's a [ __ ] deal isn't it give yourselves a big round of applause have a seat that's where we start why because in order for the magic to manifest all the different parts of your neurology have to work together it's not just enough to get your body involved well that's a big piece it's not just enough to use your imagination you also have to get your critical conscious mind involved too all of the parts of your nervous system have to work together they have to work together because the human neurology is a holographic system okay. Now we're not going to get too much into that uh other than to say that the more parts of you work together the more. Synergy and power you bring to bear on the changes every experience that human beings have has a code that allows it to manifest within your nervous system now whether you believe in energy as a phenomena as a theory as a construct it doesn't really matter the one thing that does matter and this is where.

NLP and energetics and psychology all come together is that if energy is a phenomena and the quantum physics of the world tell us it is and the body is made of energy and it runs on energy and things that it does are basic based on changes and things in the energy field. Then by definition there must be something in that energy field that the neurology uses to know what to do there must be a code that code is inherent in the energetics of the neurology or of the uh of the system and it must be encoded in a language that the neurology understands and if we can begin to decipher that language we can rewrite the code and we can make it do anything we want. First part you got to understand is if you can point to where you feel it you can change it because all that other stuff. I just talked about manifest as the feeling in your body that's all you need to know you don't need to know about four tuples and complex coding systems and propulsion mechanisms and all this other stuff that.

NLP teaches you you don't need to know that to drive the car what you do need to know is that if you can point to where you feel it you got the access point you got the access to the key the keyboard by the way is your imagination anybody here a geek like me likes to watch superhero movies any any. Tom. Cruz fans like. Minority.

Report or. Mission. Impossible or some [ __ ] like that you know my favorite scenes in those uh in those movies are like when he's like working with that holographic computer like virtual reality [ __ ] right. Where there there's no.

Physical computer there it's just this big bubble of of holograms all around him and he's opening stuff up and he's expanding this and closing that you know those scenes. I'm talking about right. Guess where that idea comes from from you what did you just do you pointed to where you felt something you reached out and touched the picture you made it bigger you see human beings create technology that mirrors what they do with the their neurology that's why we call it an intuitive interface talk about technology the interface is intuitive right. If you can point to where you feel it and find that picture you've just accessed the dashboard that controls your subjective experience it's your subjective experience that creates what you pull into your life what you ignore and the behaviors that you do as a result the fastest way to change the feeling is to change your body right.

So. First and foremost no. Matter what situation you're in you can be in a war zone now. I wouldn't test that because you might get shot.

But there is no. There is no. Amount of willpower that you can exert that can override your physiology without training. So it's your physiology that controls your psychology if you can get your physiology your posture and your breathing different.

Then by definition your emotional state must change. I want to tell test that would that be okay. Everybody stand up and this goes back to what. Amy's work in power poses and the science is there.

But. I've been teaching this way before. Amy came out with her studies and we go way deeper into our in our persuasion and influence courses. But what.

I'd like you to do now is. I'd like you to go back to that amazingly good feeling that we just had right. And might still be going on for all. I know.

But. I want you to go back into that posture right. As we go back into that posture let all those feelings come flooding back. I want you to pay attention to the way you're standing how you're standing how your weight is distributed pay attention to your breathing what part of your body are you breathing from as those good feelings come back right.

And now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to summon up every ounce of willpower that you have okay. And without changing anything about your your body in other words don't change your posture keep your posture exactly the same keep your breathing the same try to feel bad notice you probably have a lot of trouble doing that now go like those good feelings come flooding back right.

Now for the. Next part. I'm going to have you turn around look. At.

TJ because. I don't want you to look. At me when you do this [ __ ] right. I'm teasing turn around look.

That way hi. TJ hi. TJ he gets slimed every time we do this meet up. Anyway now this one's a little bit different.

But again it goes to the opposite idea. I want. I want you to remember a time when you saw something you wanted you went for it. But for some mysterious reason it didn't manifest and.

I want you to remember that moment when you realized it wasn't going to happen maybe the disappointment started to manifest maybe you started to slump a little bit. I don't know how it manifests for you. But. I want you to remember that moment where you realized you weren't going to get the brass ring okay.

I want you to stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing let those feelings start to come back and now what. I'd like you to do without changing anything not your breathing not your posture as an act of will try to feel good notice you might have a little bit of trouble or a whole lot of trouble maybe it's even impossible now what. I want you to do is. I want you to hold on to that negative feeling as much as you can shift your body back to the.

Winner's posture and notice what happens turn around look. Up here what' you notice. W she's glowing over what' you notice it helped it helped a lot yeah yeah what what you probably noticed was as you were holding the positive posture and you're were trying to feel not. So great part of your body wanted to do this kind of wanted to slump again.

I need to change my posture more. I don't have we all yeah there's there are subtle we'll work on that all right. We'll clear some of this stuff out my point is this is the. First line of defense you know they say that uh depression is rampant in this country what's the physiology of depression.

F anybody have a job where they have to do something like this right. A lot of our driving is this way too right. There's a lot of postures that we do in our careers that actually contribute to our psychoemotional state remember this unless you are special forces trained. Elite athlete trained where they get specialized training in and in exerting willpower in highly fluid and challenging emotionally challenging situations you are at the mercy of your physiology okay.

If you want to research the in have a seat guys if you want to research the information on that there's a book. Out there called willpower by. Roy bow. Meister b a m i s t r okay.

The theory is on it's called willpower depletion. Theory you have two two forms of. State control for lack of a better word ways to control your psycho emotional. State one is through your physiology which we've demonstrated and the other is through your willpower by just deciding to feel a certain way and hoping you have enough uh enough fuel in the tank to do that well for the most part every time you have to uh exert emotional control stifle an emotional response you burn through those willpower units like.

McDonald sells hamburgers and when you run out you default to pre-programmed hedonistic thinking. So you can be on a diet you can be relig rigorous on a diet for 6 weeks or you know four8 months or whatever you have a really bad day at the office the. Next thing you know you're up to your neck in the refrigerator scooping down hog and dos and. Cher and uh you know glazed donuts right.

Because there was no. More juice left in the tank to exert your willpower okay. When we try to a lot of times when we try to manifest using the. Law of.

Attraction it's usually after we've had a really bad [ __ ] day you ever notice that like. I need to affirm myself. I'm good. I'm good.

I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good.

I'm good true not true true right. That's usually when we pull out the. The. Law of.

Attraction [ __ ] what state are we in worst you're in the worst [ __ ]. State you can imagine for manifesting because guess what you're going to get the state you're in when you start doing that stuff will magnetize more of that stuff. So if you're going to do any kind of manifestation work the. First thing that has to change is your frequency which means the feeling which means the state how many people here have ever heard of a show called lie to me okay.

If you haven't it's it's free on. Netflix go rent every single season it is awesome um the the consultant for that show was a very famous researcher named. Paul emman emman uh is the world's leading. Authority on emotions and the face he's also a world recognized expert on lie detection he was the consultant for that show.

So there's some tremendously good science delivered to to you in a very entertaining way and since tin. Roth plays the the lead role you can actually watch the character get progressively more psychotic as the seasons go on because that's just what. Tim. Roth's characters do right.

Um. But you will learn a tremendous amount of from from the show in one of. Dr eckman's. Early books called emotions revealed he talks about a behavior called the emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is what we call a perceptual filter it is a behavior that your nervous syst system engages in every single time you your feelings and your emotions change okay.

When. I say perceptual filter what. I'm actually saying is how the the type of information and the order that you pay attention to information in your environment will change as your feelings change. So let's say that.

I'm in an interaction with somebody and. I just got out of an argument with some get. I'm in somebody. I'm with somebody different.

But. I just got out of an argument with somebody and. So my state is not great and of the and there are 10 elements of data in the environment eight of which are positive two of which are negative guess which ones. I will focus on.

First that's right. The emotional refractory period is a filter designed to keep you in the same state you're currently in to the exclusion of all else it changes as the context changes. But it's again based on your emotions and feeling. States in your body.

So it really doesn't matter how much positivity is around you if your state is negative you will look. For the most negative stuff. First because that is what will reinforce the state you're currently in or re-trigger it anybody here ever been in argument with somebody right. You ever go through the process of the knockdown drag out he said she said blah blah blah all of a sudden you get to the resolution.

Point anger the argument's over and. Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes anything you say pisses them off again welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period how is this relate to getting lucky it has everything to do with getting lucky because what we're talking about when we talk about getting lucky tonight has nothing to do with metaphysics even though it does it has everything to do with your neurology several years ago. Psychology today and several other researchers did a study what actually separates people who have high episodes of serendipitous in their life in other words.

Luck. Good. Fortune yada y y from the average person from. The schlep.

Rocks of the world all right. How many of people here know who schlep. Rock was okay. If you don't know who schlep.

Rock was go all watch the old. Flintstone uh. Second generation where. Pebbles and bamb.

Bam grow up and hang out with their friends right. They had this character whose name was. Schleprock now. Schleprock was the poster child for.

Bad. Karma for everybody else he was the world's largest. Jinx anytime he walked into a room if something bad could happen it would happen to the people around schle. Rock right.

You know there are people in the world like if a safe filled with you know a million dollars fell out of the sky as the safe was falling the. So for some reason the door would just pop open the million dollars would fall out it would fall in the backseat of their [ __ ] car and the safe would land on mine right. Don't you hate those [ __ ] people right. What causes that or like that psychology today in several research said well well are there characteristics are there qualities are there attributes that lucky people have that makes them different and they did a study turns out there were five now it doesn't mean if you if you don't have these everybody has them by the way if you're a self-actualizing human being at any level you have them it's just the degree and the and the and the proportions of them right.

Well until we know what it is we need to measure we have no. Way to make it better does that make sense. So the. First one the.

First characteristic and it's the one. I actually asked at the beginning of this. Meetup how many lucky people do we have in the room okay. There's your.

First quality and characteristic identif lucky people identify as being lucky it's an identity with them in. NLP in. NLP we have this thing called logical levels okay. It starts with the transpersonal or spiritual level this is the model created by.

Robert dilts. Then it goes to the identity level and. Then it goes into beliefs capabilities and. Then environment.

I'm sorry behaviors behaviors is somewhere in here behaviors okay. And. Then environment why is this important this the original model was created by a guy named. Gregory baton who's a a well-known.

I think it was a social psychologist or something way way back in the day and. Bon. I don't think identified a transpersonal level. I think.

DTA added that. Later. But here's how this works in regards to your neurology these are all levels of belief of self-concept it's hierarch iCal what that means is this level controls this level this level controls this level this level controls this level and this level controls this level. So the higher up this scale you go the more influence you exert you ever hear anybody in the self-help.

World say whether you believe you can do something or you can't you're right. Yeah look. Where beliefs lie on the chart right. Each and every one of these ladies and gentlemen are filters to your perception the reason that this is.

So important for us to understand is that it controls every single level below it if. I accept at this level that. I am a lucky person everything will up to manifest more lucky events everything now that's all well and good. David.

But how do you know that because unlike me there's lots of people out there throwing money at [ __ ]. I would never think to do like rent out an entire restaurant for a solid week and fill it with actors and send people in who either self-identified as lucky average or unlucky just to see what would happen. So one of the things that they did they rented out a restaurant they put a 20. PB note on the floor.

I believe the study was done in. England and what they wanted to know is do lucky people perceive the world differently than average or unlucky people well it's almost intuitive to say that they do. But they wanted to see just how pervasive this was. So they put a 20.

PB note on the floor and sent. P people into the restaurant all the patrons were actors. So nobody was going to pick up the 20. PB note and they wanted to gauge what percentage of lucky people would see the 20.

PB note all of them all of them and they sent average people in and as you can expect there was an average distribution. Then they sent the. Unlucky people in we haven't found them yet nobody almost nobody saw the money on the floor you see. L if if quantum physics and the and the spiritual masters of all time are right.

Everything that has ever been or ever will be is already here why aren't we perceiving it why aren't we seeing it why aren't we accessing it it's because of the filters from the most. Primal fundamental primary level of our neurology all the way down everything that human beings do is a metaphor every piece of your reality is an interpretation now whether you accept that theoretically or practically it's not going to matter it's just the way it is. However if you do accept that this is true you're going to gain tremendous ability to change it every single part of this [Music] room that we think is solid isn't we all know that from physics class what we don't realize is that this this illusion that we're in is an interpretation of vibrational information information that is there's of which there is far more than what we're perceiving. But it's filtered out at every level of the neurology.

But it all it is is the stuff that we can perceive encoded in a structure in a language that the neurology understands. So it can create this wonderful representation of something this wonderful holographic movie that we're in. But everything from the most. Primal level of your neurology to the things you think about most arduously is an interpretation and a distillation of information your critical faculty the conscious mind the part of you that thinks it's in charge ladies and gentlemen is the least informed and the.

Last has to know of any part of you because all the rationals and all of the decisions that you make and all the logic that you apply is based on information that seems normal that seems logical. But guess where that information comes from it comes from the rest of your nervous system you can only make decisions based on the information your unconscious mind gives you because it comes. First it's the one running the show the neurology the neurology. Reigns.

Supreme now that doesn't mean you're powerless it means you're unconscious means you're unaware until now. But now that you have the awareness right. One minute now that you have the awareness you can begin to exert more control yes. Sir how can the unconscious mind give you information when it's unconscious because it's it's the primary filtering system by which we get information to the conscious mind everything that you think and understand came to you through the five sensor apertures which is already unconscious it's all preconscious okay.

This is how it works we don't live in real time we have an illusion of time in fact we have time is actually a filter yes. I think basic good way to look. At it is we only see what the subconscious mind lets through exactly. But it sees everything yeah yeah and everything that.

I. I often ask this question. I often get all kinds of really cool responses. But.

I often ask this question what are your thoughts made of functionally words words or an energy that's usually a met metaphysical answer true enough to be true. But not where we're going what are your thoughts what are the building blocks of your thoughts your emotions neurotransmitters wonderful answers wrong how about to do things to do things said your thoughts what are your thoughts made up if you're going to transfer a thought to somebody. I'm going to give you the. I'm going to give you the answer because we'll be here all day functionally experience experience what are your experiences made of feelings feelings oh feelings nothing more than feelings here's the answer ladies and gentlemen the question again what are your thoughts made out of [Music] right.

Visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory every single thought memory belief that you have can be distilled down to that channels of information yes. What do one more time visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory you cannot create a thought relive. A. Memory.

Express a thought without distilling it down to visual auditory kinesthetic old factory and gustatory information these form the building blocks of your internal experience because they form the they are the building blocks of your external experience now of these this is where we kind of diverge from. NLP about 60% of the population would be qualified as a visual representational system 60% of the people are visual dominant that's not relevant for us because every one of you is kinesthetic dominant the kinesthetic mode is the driver is the one that drives the bus in terms of getting you to behave a certain way or feel a certain way everything we do as human beings is in response to a feeling in our bodies it's either a feeling we want more of or a feeling we want a whole lot less of and. Then we will create a behavior in response to that feeling every single behavior that the human being engages in is built out of a series of parts of your brain that. NLP calls a strategy in order for it to fire think of it like the for those of you who are somewhat mechanical think about the firing sequence on a spark a spark plug sequence in an engine and everybody for every behavior that you do you have a strategy that implements it one of the studies.

Later on in. NLP is how do what are what is people's mental syntax what are the order and sequence of internal representations and things that they do in their head that allow somebody to manifest a p a specific result now we're not going there today we don't need to that's too that's way out of our payg grade to get practical. But just as a way to to educate and understand this the order and sequence of these repres presentations is what. NLP would call a strategy you have one for everything that you do in other words no.

Matter how obscure abstract the thought may be you can distill it down to an order and sequence of. V. AK or behaviors. I should say order seeks a v thing cortexes of your brain that is being activated okay.

Embodied cognition is telling us this as well now. NLP came about in the 70s and body cognition studies started about a decade ago what do. I mean by that is let's everybody here has you've seen the coffee we have at the back of the room which. I hope you're drinking lots of right.

Here's how this works remember that the human brain is simultaneously literal metaphorical and analogical okay. And what. I mean by that is if. I give the same parts of your brain that monitor physical warmth temperature also control emotional warmth.

So much. So that if. I give you a warm drink to hold you will feel more emotional warmth towards me than if. I give you a cold one that's the.

Neuroscience okay. They've done way really cool studies on this in fact. I told this particular uh study to one of my students in a class he wanted to check on me and he actually went out and found a different study where they actually took. A bunch of regular people put them on an airplane gave them an eye exam.

Then dressed them up as pilots and gave them the same eye exam their visual cuity went up an average of 20 points okay. Subjective and objective are mediated by roughly the same parts of the brain the cortexes overlap by about 40% this is why you can sometimes see how you feel it's called sinesia right. And for every behavior that you generate there's going to be a firing order that those that firing order will come out as a mirror in your words the way you describe your internal experience and the structure that comes out in your language that's again the. Deep part of.

NLP. But not the. Practical part that we're going to go into tonight. I mean it's practical.

But not for what you guys want. But. I want to cover that. So you understand the scope of what we're dealing with and it's the tip of a very large.

Iceberg. But you don't need the whole. Iceberg to get awesome really quick okay. Awesome being a technical term that.

I haven't come up with a cool metaphor for yet right. Within each of these channels of experience though are distinctions right. If. I say information comes at me in a visual.

Channel let's go back let's go to that cool picture we like. So much remember that one we we played with point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture trace the edges of with both of your hands notice how big it is what happens when you make it half the size oh [ __ ] now bring it back to its original size what do we do we just change the size how the [ __ ] does that work it's real simple all of the distinctions is it big big picture small picture these are visual distinctions in the visual. Channel this ladies and gentlemen is the coding system of the neurology the visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory attributes to the internal representations the memories the beliefs the experiences that you have are the coding system that your neurology uses to create and shape your experience the moment you begin to change the coding system just a simple one moving from a small picture to a big picture boom this changed didn't it that language is very very vast. But fortunately we don't need to know all of it to start making changes.

But we do need to know that this is where this is what cooks the rice because every what okay. What cooks the rice this is what gets [ __ ] done [ __ ] being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence. Technologies right. Once we know how we've built what.

NLP calls an internal representation which means a memory a belief a fantasy a. Daydream anything once we know know how we've built it we can change it we can change it how does this go back to getting lucky. Well turns out there are certain attributes that lucky people share in. Greater proportions than others could those attributes also have a code could they also have a way that they're built the answer is yes.

Yes. So the. First thing we have to do is take an inventory right. Of ourselves we'll get to that um.

I do have one thing. I want to get out of the way um. I'm going to take you this is a big topic. I mean obviously right.

If this is everything there is to learn we have time for this. So. I will take you as far as. I can in the time that we have.

I will point you in the direction of more if that's where you want to go is that fair okay. This means yes. Very good thank you need permission all right. So let's talk about what are these.

So now that we know that there's a a a code that we can use to apply this by the way you also have codes for all the shitty things that piss you off you've coded them really [ __ ] well right. We can change those right. All of your beliefs are built out of va kog distinctions as well like we spent an entire day yesterday in my. Mastermind changing beliefs just moving pictures around and stuff like that okay.

Okay. So what's the. First one identifying going identify people identify themselves as being lucky they identify themselves as being lucky okay. So you have a place in your body you place in your mind where your identity lives where the things that are are what's important to you are stored right.

How many people here have ever gotten lucky not that way oh that way too is okay. I guess right. All right. How many have gotten lucky in several different contexts okay.

So here's what. I'd like you to do. I'd like you to actually close your eyes. For a moment and.

I'd like you to remember the best example of that time that moment where you just got lucky when you realized you got lucky and. Then. I want you to backtrack just a little bit to right. Before you realized it notice where that feeling in your body lives point to it imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that moment.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is excellent now as you look. At it. I'm going to ask you a series of questions.

I want you to make a mental note of the answers is is it moving or still as you look. At the picture is it color or black and white is it clear or is it fuzzy is there sound are you in the picture are you seeing it as if it's through your own eyes. If there's sound is it loud is it soft where does it come from what happens when you make the picture a little bit bigger what happens to the feeling are there any tastes or smells to it what kind of tastes or smells are there. I want you to take a few moments and play with the attributes of that experience and notice how it changes the feelings in your body find the ones that make them stronger some people it might be pulling it closer to your body some people might be taking it from a from a still picture to a movie some people it might be going from a.

First person or from a. Second person to a. First person. I just want you to play with this and notice what happens that's right.

When you know you've got it when you've played with it enough just allow your eyes. To open look. Up here. I'll take.

I'll take all the time you need would you notice sir feeling really good you're feeling really good every time you feel really good your vibration just raised you become more magnetic to frequencies in that. Spectrum this is how it gets practical really really quick the feelings that you generate in your body are analogous to the vibrational frequency that you send out to the universe now you do not you do not necessarily attract specific events that are on your vision board per se what you will attract are events that result in that frequency in your body that's the quantum part of it right. Right. And and that will become more important as we go through the other characteristics of lucky people right.

Now it's it's one of the problems or the challenges that we have when we're working in the. Law of. Attraction world is that you have two things that are competing with each other you have the beliefs you know about and the beliefs you don't what you're working with now are the beliefs you don't know you have these are the ones that are below the threshold of conscious awareness that are always running on an endless loop yes. Sir.

Okay. So. I just remembered surviving a horrible car wreck. So you know there was this feeling of relief and gratitude and.

I mean does this mean. I'm. G to start attracting horrible car wre in you may you may you may want to pick a different one or just de dep potentiate that all right. Just an idea right.

Uh is there any. POS like anything that wasn't life-threatening although the moment that that happened is a serendipitous event isn't it. So yeah we can actually dep potentiate the negative part of it and utilize the parts that are the luck part. But that go that's going to take.

I don't know if we can do that that level of depth in a group right. But what we would actually do is we would look. At in your case we would look. At other lucky events and compare them to that image or that representation and notice what's the same and that would give us how your neurology codes for that set of frequencies and.

Then we would just work with that and remove everything else right. In. NLP we call that mapping across once you extract a visual auditori and kinesthetic map of how uh of the building blocks of an experience it it goes it it this goes above most other filters and. So as we start to change one it'll translate to anything else the neurology does neurology is like a cassette player you guys know guys remember remember cassette players some of you don't it scares me.

I feel old now right. When you take does if you have a a very. Broad uh audio cassette collection and you take. Lawrence wel audio cassette and stick it in the in the player does the does the player care [ __ ] no.

Everybody in the car cares right. If you pop that out and put in a poké song does. It care player doesn't care right. Your neurology is the player it doesn't care what information it processes you understand that at the level that we're working with everything is data your neurology can interpret and play that data any way you code for any way you code for right.

But you do have to have a few pre prerequisites in place in order to access that faculty you got to get your body involved this is a distinction that we make from other. NLP people who kind of just have you do visualizations and do weird things with your. B if you ever heard the. NLP switch pattern where they're moving pictures around doesn't work near as well as when you actually reach point to where you feel it.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the picture changes everything reroutes the signals through your brain and you get.

Quantum. Quantum change because we got to get the meat involved we got to get semantic engagement the moment we start to change feelings in the body we change every single thing else it's that simple and it's that complex everything that you do your entire filter the system that you apply to your reality is based on the feelings in your body some you're aware of and a lot of them you aren't consciously aware of there's firewalls between each of the levels of your mind that filters out and deletes distorts and generalizes data right. In my in my in my classes we talk about two main categories to the nervous system the way the world is which is all based on. V and the way the world is supposed to be which is another series of filters based on your beliefs your memories the decisions that you've made the metap programs that you have in place who you know what your concept your self-concept is these are all things that are applied after the visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory channels are processed it's layered and filtered away.

So that by the time you become aware of something you have a very very diluted deleted distorted and generalized picture of the world and that's what you use to make all of your decisions consciously. But you've processed an almost infinite number of things prior to that my job as a teacher. I have a very lofty goal of eliminating as much suffering as humanly possible and to show you what's possible that's my job as a human being on this planet to do that. I have a primary goal of making you as much as self-aware of what's going on inside of you as.

I can because anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control just because you aren't aware of it doesn't mean it isn't controlling you and there are many many well-funded highly resourced agencies in this world with a vested interest in doing this to you in keeping you unaware or directing that awareness to things that don't matter understand abely okay. So think of it as a self-defense course if you like or whatever way gets you to take action on these things which by the way is also one of the five characteristics lucky people are inherently action takers they just get up and do [ __ ] they ready they ready fire aim more often than not yes. Did you finish those far no. I have not that's called an open loop in.

NLP it's a programming process that we use. But to really and. I use it to really screw with the ultra procedural people in the room like if. I really want to screw with you.

I'll say there are five things that you need to know the. Third one right. And by the way as. I go through these characteristics some of these you will fit into and some of them you'll be very pissed off that you don't some of them you'll be very pissed off that you do because they won't match how you think this shit's supposed to be.

I don't tell you about. I don't. I don't. I tell you the way the world is you can figure out how you want it to be right.

But you won't make the world what you want it to be until you accept it the way it is right. Do we need to take a break it is going on is it 8:30 really you guys want to take a break and come back and jump into this all right. So before you go eat lots of chocolate. I have a free gift for everybody um we're going to come back we're going to jump into the the.

Last four qualities and. Then we're going to do some installations we're going to clear out some [ __ ] and. Then we're going to install these traits we're going to amplify them and. Maxim when we come back for everybody that came out tonight.

I have a free gift especially if this is your. First time normally to walk in my door. I have a clinic in. I didn't give you my pedigree.

I have a a clinic in salana beach that. I've been running for the. Last 10 years our specialty at the clinic is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion some people in the in my field they work with smoke sensation or weight loss. I don't get that.

I get you know post-traumatic stress not me personally. But uh. I mean chronic ter cancer. Parkinson's uh diabetes all kinds of medical illnesses that have as its root repressed emotion and we come in and we make powerful powerful changes with people.

I don't accept everybody we also get a lot of anxiety worry fear all that other good stuff um and we have a very very high success rate utilizing the processes. I'm sharing with you for everybody who came out tonight who who wants to. I'm offering you all a free 30 minute consultation just see. Linda at the back of the room we only have about nine slots left cuz.

I've been putting people on a waiting list. CU of my. Last train. I did.

So we don't have a lot of time available. But it's it's not it's not a sales pitch if you just want to pick my brain for 30 minutes ask me anything you want that's fine uh if you have some things you think. I might be able to help you with we'll sit down we'll we'll evaluate whether you're what you have is a fit for what we do if it's a fit. I'll tell you we we'll outline some strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if it's not a fit.

I'll tell you that too because. I don't want to waste your time or your money on a resolution process that may not work. I don't. I don't waste my time on low percentage technique and.

I don't waste my time on cases that don't have the highest percentage or your or the person's time on the highest percentage of resolution does that make sense. So if you feel that. I if you just want to pick my brain about what we covered tonight that's fine asked. Sarita she had a breakthrough from her consultation right.

And now she's filling my room. But. But uh. Anyway uh see uh.

Linda at the back of the room and she'll get you into that that otherwise uh let's take 15 minutes eat lots of chocolate drink lots of coffee you're going to need it make sure you go potty and. Then come right. Back and we're going to jump into some stuff okay. Hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah sit your asses down holiday h yeah that would be my martial arts videos have a se you guys we got a lot to do lot to do in a short time to get there.

God. I got to stop bringing up all these 70s hits huh all right. So to close a few. Loops for people all right.

I gave you the. First two the. First two of these characteristics and. I.

I went a little bit deeper into some side topics because it's relevant you see your perceptual filters are the primary primary modulators of of luck in your life the information that comes into your awareness is determine will determine what opportunities you take advantage of and which ones you miss. So we have to start off with the identity. First and foremost is you have to identify yourself as being lucky right. So that's the.

First characteristic or attribute that we need to install right. The more resources and examples of being lucky that we. Encompass the easier that is to do right. So that's our.

First one the. Second one which to me is if you had nothing else would still make you more successful than you are right. Now is action. I believe.

So much in this concept and this idea that. I even named my clinic after it action performance care right. Action hypnosis action. NLP action action action you know you'd be surprised.

I deal with a lot lot of stuff in my clinic now uh the a comment was made uh during the break and and. I. I took. It for granted.

But sometimes things you take for granted of things that come back to haunt you uh you notice that we we we have you guys sign video releases and stuff like that uh at the beginning of the the event because if in case we bring your lovely face on camera you know we want to make you a movie star. But we don't force anybody to come up and do anything and we we value your privacy a great deal if you come to see me at the clinic all of our work all of our records is hippoc compliant your records are protected your privacy is protected okay. We have you if you're a hypnosis or. NLP or energy psychology client you fill out the exact same paperwork as if you're coming to us for.

Chiropractic or acupuncture and. Oriental medicine for those of you who don't know. I didn't give you my pedigree some of you already know it some of you do not uh. I am a licensed acupuncturist and diplomate of.

Oriental medicine here in the state of. California as well as nationally uh. I graduated from the. Southern.

California. University of. Health. Sciences back in 2005 you guys want to check me out um.

I'm also a certified raiki. Master. I've been a raiki master since the early 90s since before raiki was cool right. I'm a certified pronic healer.

DN and pronic psychotherapist. DNA. Theta healer. I'm certified in bangston energy healing as well as advanced.

DNA. Theta healing okay. I have more energy credentials than. McDonald cells hamburgers.

I've also been studying cabala since the early 90s since before. Madonna started studying cabala. So. I'm very much a [Music] primadonna all right.

There more true in more ways than one. But. Anyway uh. So.

I. I know a bit about what's going on. I don't claim to know everything uh what. I'm giving you is what works for me this is the world according to.

David if it resonates with you grab a hold of it take the ball and run with it to use a sports metaphor if it doesn't. Chuck it and find something that does right. Um clinically we see everything from post-traumatic stress to terminal cancer and we have a very very good rate with uh resolving chronic and terminal illness um just you'd be surprised how rapidly the system changes when you integrate all of the elements the way nature intended it to be see one of the problems that we have is that we live in a society whose scientific model is reductionist it separates everything from everything else. But your body your mind your spirit are not designed to work alone they're not designed.

One. Division to work separate from another division they're designed to integrate and communicate in a synergistic way the problem is is that each of those layers of your neurology is a filter and it has a firewall and some information translates very very cleanly and some parts don't. So the problem that we have isn't that we don't work it's that parts of us don't understand one another and that goes back to a very famous figure uh in the 70s and an early part of our of the history of. NLP.

But even in. Psychiatry a man by the name of. Dr. Milton.

Ericson. Dr. Ericson was the world's leading uh. Authority on hypnosis at the time he's the's he's believed to be and and and regarded as the founder of conversational hypnosis and he's quoted as saying your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their subconscious mind and that is more true than you can possibly imagine we're always trying to separate this from that to isolate things and on one level that's okay.

But that's not how your system works. So you can try to make these arbitrary distinctions between your body and your imagination versus your rational. F your rational mind. But that weakens the system yes.

God now. Jesus said it. A house divided against itself can't stand your neurology when integrated is magic real magic and the the the speed and the pervasiveness of the changes that you can develop and create when all of the parts of you work together is nothing short of miraculous and. I really mean.

I really mean that. So take that for what it's worth um. I'm going to close. Some.

Loops for you tonight we talked about identity we got to we got to get your self-concept what you believe you're who you are and what you deserve we got to get those filters changed. First and foremost because no. Matter what other traits you. TR no.

Matter what other things you try to do if you have a self-concept an identity a set of filters about who you are and what you deserve in this world that says you can't have something it doesn't matter who gives it to you you're going to find a way to lose it. So we got to change ourselves at the identity level to do that we need to look. At the results that we're producing and why we're that way we talk about the. Law of.

Attraction did. I say something funny again. Lottery. M lottery winners they they lose it fast or kill themselves right.

It they do right. And this is the you know. John asaraf who. I actually was in a mastermind with for many year for a couple of years said it best in his when he talked about the secret he says you cannot out earn your simage which is your identity right.

So the moment we begin to change things at the identity and here's the thing you understand is you are not your identity that's one of the big delusions that we labor under is that our identities the personas we carry around inside of us are us they're not they're suits of clothing that you wear that you just like right. Youall have a favorite shirt or favorite pair of shoes right. You have others. But when you wear that shirt or that shoes you feel the best you feel the most familiar which is what your neurology sorts for by the way your neurology most of the time when we regress people to cause which is how you fix most problems that are identity based you got to take them between.

Z and 5 years old to where the templates that form the foundations of who they are and the primary filters they apply to the world are created very doable. But you'll never get there through the neocortex you'll never get there through the rational part of your brain you will get there through the body though because if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Identity action these are the two running themes in every single. Law of.

Attraction. Meetup or personal transformation. Workshop that. I hold you need an identity that supports what you want and you need to be willing to take the actions to facilitate that very smart woman very intelligent woman passed on a saying that she got from her mother who said you can be do or have anything in this life that you want as long as you're willing to become the person who can have that thing the way she said it exactly was to become the person to whom that thing can happen too.

So identity and identity is something that is a very deep well right. Um for those of you who saw the young lady here two weeks ago we changed some stuff at the identity level and. Magic literally magic happens yes. So.

I. I got kind of lost. I understand the clothes analogy and that that's your it's not your identity it's your outter clothing when you're talking in this example identity action what is identity can you get identity is a filter it's a set of beliefs about who you are and what you deserve what's possible for you and what isn't what's desirable and what isn't in. NLP speak we talk about criteria and values criteria is a checklist the values are the.

Fe are the label we give the feeling we get when this checklist is met these are the things that support your ident identity your self-concept the primary filters the primary building blocks of your identity are the dominant caregivers fromin the ages of 0 to five when you come into this world there is no. Right. Wrong good bad this is me that's you those are all distinctions you acquire. Later and if you think about our development you just uh extract all the spiritual metaphysical implications out and you just look.

At how we're formed and how we're created and how we come into this world what do you start out as you start out as one cell inside of something much greater and larger than yourself there is no. Us there's only me when you go through partur when you move out into separation and you go through that birth process those filters aren't there yet you have just changed. But it's still all you as far as your neurolog is concerned. So as you view what's going on around you your brain who's in the in the in the most neuroplastic phases of its existence ever your brain is making neural connections at hypers speed okay.

We'll talk about neuroplasticity probably sometime we we can do it um more about it. But the more cot chocolate you eat the more plastic your neurology becomes. So keep guzzling it's true this the hormone that mediates neuroplasticity in the body is known as oxytocin okay. Oxytocin is a neurotrans transmitter most of us know it as the bonding hormone it's the one that is responsible for the the connections the emotional connections between parent and baby between spouses right.

Um it's also a big factor in in oyy lactation. But most people don't realize it's also the primary mediator of neuroplasticity in the body the more oxytocin this that hits the system the more rapidly your neurology creates new neurological connections with other nerves in other words you learn the other side of that is that oxytocin in enough quantities can actually dissolve existing neurological connections and allow for new programming to be laid over it now the part the the act that results in the greatest amount of oxytocin release is orgasm. So the best thing to do you have 20 or 30 minutes of intense machine gun shotgun powered nuclear powered orgasms not going to do that tonight another way to do it is to hug people for 20 minutes or longer and you'll generate a strong oxytocin logistically it's not really going to work out tonight. So.

I have to cheat. I can make you laugh a lot can may you intense pleasure feelings and. I can feed you lots of chocolate see. I'm not just trying to make you fat there's a.

Madness to my method the more neurotransmitters. I can get in the more rapidly you change. I stack everything okay. Yes.

How do you distinguish your true identity from all of remember that. First and foremost your identity actually. I. I refer to.

CBT for this one even though a lot of what. I'm doing comes from uh actually. Russian sports psychology and autogenics um the one thing that. CBT says is that there's a spark of ious within you that is primary to all of those filters those distinctions that we make in the world according to.

David we call. I call it the acceptance rejection projection connection. But think of think of think of your. Consciousness as you.

But every distinction that you make about yourself is just a choice you've made a decision that you've a value that you've placed on what you're experiencing or how you're evaluating yourself. So you are different people in different. CL you can test this when you go to church or synagogue how many of you would go to church or synagogue working a slinky black dress you would [ __ ] of course the men do this is. California after all.

I guarantee you're a different person out at the nightclub than you are at home with. Mom right. At home with their spouse on honeymoon night with your spouse you're different people right. What the.

Russian. Sports psychologists discovered was that we have and this is a neurological process within we call them subs and each of these are little semi sentient circuits within us that activate they turn on and off as the context changes right. Uh everything we make is a distinction the minute we make a distinction it's not us it's something we have it's something we're doing now you guys asked about identity. So this gets really really transy really really quick and kind of tending us off the.

Deen path. But think of the your your true self as that spark of the divine within you that spark of the. Divine that is no. Different in her than it is in him right.

That is connected at some level everything else is a suit of clothing or the equivalent thereof that you create you create uh you have yourself and. Then you have something that reflects that self and. Then there's another part of you that observes the reflection and it's like an infinity mirror and it just keeps layering and layering and layering outward until at some point we actually forget which one is the real us and we become identified with the suit of clothes that we wear the personas that we have never realizing that really what we are doing is. Eng we have become we've forgotten that true essence of what we are and identified with the suit of clothes that we carry and as long as we keep remain identified with that suit of clothes remember that little hierarchy.

I showed you your neurology will fight to keep it. So we can actually change our perceptual positions very very simply we'll do a little drill real quick want you just kind of sit with your feet flat on the floor and. I want you to just close your eyes. For me and.

I'll go. I promise we'll get back to the regularly scheduled program. But. I want you to understand that just a change in perspective generates tremendous potential for change.

So. I want you to say. I am my body. I am my body notice what that experience is like now.

I want you to say. I have a body. I have a body what just happened anxiety a little anxiety okay. What happened right.

Say um. I this may or may not be true for you. But think of something that is bothering you and prefit with. I am.

X and and formulate that statement as an identity statement in a way that makes sense notice how that makes you feel and now say. I do whatever that behavior is and notice what happens that perceptual shift that change of filter within your neurology opens and closes doors to to to modification to changing it the way your neurology works is your neurology is always concerned about itself it always is thinking in terms of survival metaphorically or literally and. So you develop personas and you develop behaviors based on the context and the environments that you find yourself in in order to cope and be effective and. Then sometimes these will shut down and sometimes they'll become more and more dominant now the.

Russian sports psychologist the same team that taught the. Russian. Olympic team how to sweep the. Olympics in the 70s they discovered that these.

Subs these co- personalities have a level of dominance in your neurology based on the amount of energy directed at them by the unconscious mind and that through certain processes they could go into the neurology and tell the brain remove the power from this one and shunt it over here and they became very very powerful at changing identity and co- personality our. Neuroscience. Later on a couple sometime. Later created this idea of what they call.

Subs the. Russians called it co- person personalities uh our. Western science called them subs and against they are neurological patterns in hypnosis we might call them. Parts there are parts of us that turn on and turn off as the context or the identity changes right.

At the extreme you have what we call dissociative identity disorder which is when people go through such a traumatic experience that they actually create a separate self just to deal with it right. But they're not the self does that make sense their identities their suits of clothes their f filters to our perceptions our selfworth and our identity our our abilities that turn on and off and we act on them as if they're true and while we're in that identity we take any attack on it as a threat to our survival that we will fight even if it's let's for say for example that you were diagnosed and. God forbid none of you ever have this you had something is you have some kind of cancer or some kind of infection in your arm and the only way to save your life is to cut the arm off now cognitively you know this will you still move. Heaven and.

Earth to try and keep that arm right. That's kind of what happens when we accept something at an identity level and. Then try to remove it without stepping it down. First human beings consistently confuse something they're doing with who they are it's.

So pervasive that it's in our self concept when we describe our careers what do you do for a living sir a lot of different things okay. Chiropractor you're a chiropractor say says. I'm a chiropractor what do you do. Elena um.

Quality your what software quality software quality okay. Does your job have a title. I cream. I screen okay.

I'm a psychologist. I'm a psychologist what are you okay. You've been to my some of you guys know this. So you kind of give me a different answer right.

How many times when you think when. I ask you the question what do you do for for living you you preface the statement with. I'm a anytime you hear the word. I'm a what you're hearing is an identity statement you've accepted something you do with something you are and as long as you do that change is harder now it doesn't mean accepting something as the identity level is bad it's it's the it's the foundation of who we are.

But shouldn't we at least have the flexibility to decide who we want to be instead of who were programmed to be. CU that's what you're dealing with who is the. U you want to be is it what you were programmed to be between the ages of0 to 5 because that's the foundation the building blocks of your identity and left to its own devise it's going to keep running the same way it's been since you were 0 to 5. But with the right.

Tools and understanding the coding system you can go back rewrite those templates and be who you want to be instead of who you were programmed to be right. So. I hopefully. I.

I. I. I gave a little bit of idea of that whole self what is the self the self we're aware of isn't the true self weird. But just keeps getting infinite that way yes.

So when you talked about that one study where the guys all. Dred in theine uniform their. Vision. So was that because the identity they embodied cognition yeah and they've done all kinds of weird stuff like this they've actually deepo choer talked about a study many years ago go where they literally took.

A whole bunch of people and they they renovated this building way off in a remote location turned it into the 1950s and took. All these like 70 80 year old people back there and everything was you know 70s or 50s food and 50s music and they literally started getting younger they literally their hair started getting dark again they everything we do ladies and gentlemen is a filter to our reality we don't actually know what true reality is and that's both on one level tremendously terrifying and amazingly liberating which means because it means there really aren't that many rules there really aren't. So did. I beat that to death okay.

Okay. So action identity identity action the. Next one is going to be openminded not. So open-minded your brains drop out okay.

This is important you'll find that lucky people as a rule are much more open to new stuff um flexible and adaptable to. Life's changes and circumstances they go with the flow right. Can't say much more than that beating a dead horse right. Have there been moments in your life when you've gone with the flow and felt good about it did good things happen okay.

Those are the ones we're going to focus on we're going to do a process. Later where we integrate all of these things. But. I need to know you need to know what resources we're going for does that make sense the.

Next one is one that really screws with people this is called specifically vague specifically vague now give you some ideas from this they focus on the destination and let the method and means take care of itself okay. This is not somebody who plans every step of the journey and exactly at what point they should be reaching what point not what we're going for they're bullet pointers rather than scriptors okay. They avoid hyp specificity. When selecting a direction and uh the metaphor that they would given in in the article was somebody um two people have the same goal being a doctor one person says.

I'm going to be a doctor who helps people versus. I'm going to be a cardiac surgeon at the. Mayo. Clinic see the level of specificity change the person even if they're going to be a cardiac surgeon at the.

Mayo. Clinic the person with the uh vowing to become a doctor to help people has a higher probability of creating the luck circumstances that lead to them becoming a surgeon at the. May. Clinic than the person with the hypers specific goal doesn't mean the person with a hypers specific goal can't do that we're not talking about drive and willpower and determination we're talking about luck just the awareness the ability to tell.

I'm sorry to nonlinear serendipitous events that lead to an outcome okay. It doesn't mean if you that specific you're bad or you're wrong we're talking about luck the creation of serendipitous events and opportunities these are the mindsets that open up the perceptual filters that allow your neurology to bring your attention to those moments you understand the distinction. I'm making because it's important um. So they're specifically vague they're kind to themselves this is the one that pisses people off right.

There's a certain category of human that the minute they do anything wrong they don't live up to some perfectional standard they beat themselves up relentlessly none of here nobody here does that right. Nah not anymore okay. So they're kind to themselves they recognize that failures are. Stepping.

Stones to better things right. Lucky people are highly resilient they bounce back right. They're psychologically tough right. They tend to let things roll off their back you ever notice lucky people be like.

H. I'll deal with it right. They don't they don't linger they don't hold on to that [ __ ] more often than not right. They brush off oh there it is they brush off failures disappointments and quickly move on to the.

Next opportunity if you go back far enough in in. Psychology today you should be able to find the article. I pulled this from. I didn't bring the citation with me otherwise.

I'd a. I'd have given it to you they know how to let the past go and move forward they know how to let the past go and move forward this is a behavior okay. It's an attribute a quality that you can enhance lucky people yep these are parts of the under the they do yeah when we talk about being kind of themselves which is the fourth one fifth one kind kind to self they didn't say anything about kind to others they could be [ __ ] to everybody else. But they're kind to themselves right.

You ever been a narcissistic lucky person don't you just want to shoot those [ __ ] okay. So they're more present and future. Ed rather than past oriented yes. They're specific.

But they're not hyp specific they're bullet pointers rather than scriptors. So what that means is. I'm my goal is to be a doctor and help people right. That's pretty specific.

But to be a doctor at the a cardiac surgeon at the. Mayo. Clinic by such and such a time that's real specific is that good or bad neither we're not talking about good or bad we're talking about the filters that are in place we're talking about the filters that are in place that move you towards the direction of serendipitous events we're not talking about this whether you're a good person or a bad person whether you're effective or whether you're not effective what we're talking about is luck a phenomena that these people generate in more abundance than people who don't does that make sense okay. Again my wife is hyp specific her her eyes.

The dots of her eyes. Have eyes. That are dotted okay. When she.

I have to plan to leave a house 20 minutes early earlier than we need to be there because she's going to go back and check the locked door three times once she gets in the car okay. She's that detail oriented okay. Whenever there's a big heavy contract that needs to be read. I hand it to her because she will climb through that thing with a microscope right.

Remember and again it's very see how fast we apply value judgments the minute we don't match up well. I thought this and. I thought that this has nothing to do with whether you're successful or not has nothing to do with whether you're successful has everything to do with whether you're the you have the qualities and character istics that cause luck to manifest in your life we. I'm going to keep banging on that distinction you are not bad if you're hypers specific you're not unlucky necessarily if you're hypers specific.

But if you want more spontaneous moments to arise these are the characteristics of people who have that particular phenomena in their life if you want more of it adopt these if you don't fine it's your choice does that make sense okay. It's all about. Choice as a neural linguistic programmer my job is not one of the primary presuppositions of. NLP is that there is no.

Failure there's only feedback all behaviors have a positive intent the person's never wrong the behavior is never wrong it's just a question of is the behavior generating the result that's appropriate that's desirable the the the the the the the value of the person is held constant as a neur linguistic programmer that's the attitude that we move through it's just the behaviors whether they're useful for the situation right. If you're in a situation or or a career path that requires you to be hypers specific and and plan things out. Then that's appropriate right. If you want more luck in your life this is appropriate does that make sense okay.

Um they go for the fortuitous moments and are not put off by a couple of setbacks along the way. So they may see an opportunity they go for it they hit a couple of setbacks they don't quit they say okay. Well there's a snag in the road. I'll just keep going and see what happens right.

I do this all the time. I piss people off. I just keep going um. So more future rather than past oriented any questions on the be kind to themselves because this is one that that.

I really see a lot of when you have stuff in your identity level that's coming back to haunt you this is one of them the perfectionist side of you that's the part of you that's beating you up whether you're conscious of it or not okay. They're extroverted and. I always go. I'm an introvert.

I'm [ __ ] right. No. You're not let me explain what they mean by int extroverted okay. This is the.

Next one okay. Is this useful okay. They have a much more outgoing personality they by the way. I am a.

CLA. I am a massive introvert. I hate people now. But.

I'm not out amongst the group you know and doing what. I do. I'm. I'm in my cave.

I'm in my cave how much more out have a much more outgoing personal now they seek more opportunities for social contacts as opposed to opportunities for. Solitude everybody in this room would qualify because you came out tonight to be amongst somebody else right. They reach out to the world. So the world reaches out to them you can't be a lucky person locked in a room you understand that the more.

Outreach you create the more opportunities you draw. So this is one of the things that they have discovered about people who have a higher uh um what's the word. I'm correspondence of serendipitous events luck lucky breaks and connections and things like that they reach out to people right. It doesn't mean they become best friends with everyone okay.

An average a l lucky person's direct attention towards the external environment you can be inside your own head and still be relatively lucky. But when the going gets tough you're more in the moment than you are in your head average and unlucky people tend to direct the attention of their world internally right. They're in their head making movies instead of paying attention to what's going on outside we talk about four. M our three magic questions and moving and and going up to talk to somebody we talk about their direction of attention that the average human being can be in in a constellation of one of several.

States their attention can either be. Associated or dissociated it can be directed inward or it can be directed outward. So at any given moment your attention can be focused outside of yourself and being fully in the moment which is desirable it can be disconnected and internal which means. I'm in my head making pictures or it can be.

Associated internal which means. I'm in my head. But. I'm living a movie.

I'm living at. First person right. But. I'm still inside in terms of creating attraction connection this is the one we need external.

I'm sorry external. Associated we need to be out of our heads and into the world and interacting with people this is something that all naturally lucky people embody and they have a higher proportion of it in their personality in their makeup okay. Which one okay. Um remember that picture we made of a good feeling remember that okay.

Close your eyes. Look. At your picture as you look. At your picture go ahead.

I'll do this very beginning yeah just go back to the. Happ whatever make it nice and big. So you can see it go back into your picture. I want you to look.

At the look. At something very specific in the picture are you seeing yourself in the picture or are you seeing it through your own eyes. If you're seeing yourself in the picture step into it as if you're seeing it through your own eyes. And notice how that changes your experience right.

You ever ever play a video game. First person versus. Third person okay. Have you ever seen yourself on television okay.

Can you imagine seeing yourself. Through. The. Eyes.

Of the person in the television there she goes right. That's the difference between. Associated and dissociated that has a direct correlation to identification the more. Associated into an experience you become in other words seeing it as if it's happening through your own eyes.

The more identified you tend to become with it yes. Kind feels like you're. EMB yep it's exactly right. And that whole conceptual internal experience can actually be modulated by working with those pictures out here it's really cool.

But again not where we're going in other meups we'll talk about that. But remember identification and. Association are very very similar okay. Uh when.

I'm when. I'm out when. I'm external. Associated it means.

I'm not like a. First responder where there's a fire going on and. I'm. I'm just kind of disconnected from everything even though.

I'm outside and. I'm observing things. I'm in the moment like when you're in love with somebody you really love and you just want to be with right. You're just in that moment as opposed to on the outside watching yourself right.

Well again it's not whatever drives the dissociation is it it doesn't matter. But that's. I want you to understand the perceptual position does that help you okay. The best place for us to be when we want to connect with another human being is external.

Associated we want to be out of our head and into the world and not making you know a lot of value judgments or being just kind of like monitoring the interaction right. Yes. One thing about identity. So you're always changing your identity your identity changes your context changes yeah you don't have a steady state identity necessarily right.

And because human beings are trans machines and we move in and out of these perceptual. POS positions in these filters. So fluidly and. So rapidly we never realize it until somebody calls our attention to it right.

The the emotional refractory period you don't realize you don't get a two-minute warning that you're about to be pissed off right. You don't those little. B danger. Will.

Robinson danger danger you're about to get pissed off no. You go into the state you have the experience. Then realize you're pissed off the body shifts. First right.

So in my my persu and influence classes we teach you how to influence the body through your body and. Then everything changes and people just make decisions you want them to make automatically yes. So the internal was that the one where you're actually in it or the internal means your direction of attention is inside your own head okay. When we talk about.

Associated versus dissociated what we're talking about is am. I seeing it as if it's through my own eyes. Or am. I watching myself going through some motions.

I get that. I'm not. What's the distinction between the internal and okay. So you're seeing me right.

Now close your eyes. And imagine me now you're in your own head now you're internal okay. So you can tell the difference between the external and internal right. Because we have special places for people who can't do that and meds right.

But that's what. I mean when you're in your head making a picture whether you're seeing yourself through your own eyes. Or watching yourself on a screen that's internal the direction of your attention is internal right. When it's out here when.

I'm looking at this gentleman or this young lady or this gentleman and. I'm just in the moment with them. I'm external and. I'm.

Associated okay. Right. Thank you it's important sometimes. I use jargon and things like that we need to understand things right.

Um perceptual filter zero in on elements on these elements um where. I'm at oh. I didn't read this yet extroverted uh extroverts have a much more outgoing personality they seek more opportunities for social contacts as opposed to opportunities for. Solitude once again they reach out to the world.

So the world reaches out to them that's a a very important statement it's a very important statement functionally for what we're going for right. Uh an average or unlucky person directs their attention to their internal world now just because you're average doesn't mean you're bad it just means that if you're more external you have a higher level of. Lucky things happen than people who aren't right. Perceptual filters zero in on these elements lucky people will perceive and act upon chance.

Encounters in the environment that unlucky people or average people will not. So against again as these events these opportunities come up they'll go for it ready fire aim right. And they'll they'll stay on that path until they're it's either proven not to bear fruit or something interesting happens you ever find yourself like doing something and. Then something completely like threatens to derail you.

But you keep moving forward. Anyway and. Then something better happens as a result of it that's what lucky people do that's that's the mindset that's the filter that's in place okay. And if you have at least two or three episodes of that in your life we can use that that becomes a resource because it's built out of.

V associations which means it's recorded in the neurology as a program to run which means understanding how the code works we can make it bigger and more operational see how it all circles back to that whole. V thing if you can recall a memory or a resource or an experience that you've had you can use that build it and install it as a permanent or more powerful filter in your life everything that you have is a potential resource nothing is wasted nothing once you understand. VK how to point to it and how to play with it get it okay. So that's extroverted and that's where we're at in terms of the uh the characteristics you have identity they identify themselves as lucky people they take action they're open-minded they're specifically vague they're not hyp specific okay.

They're kind to themselves they don't beat themselves up every time they make a mistake or they don't they forget to dot an eye or cross a tea right. And they're extroverted they seek social opportunities now when they seek social opportunities it may it may never go any further than a. Facebook. Friending.

But they'll they'll click the like button they'll click the button and expand that. Network because you never know some of the most powerful connections. I ever made happen by chance on. Facebook.

Of all places all right. The natural impetus of the neurology is to connect every nerve in your body wants to connect with every other nerve if our neurology is driven that way what do you think our behaviors do you're in this room because of a desire to connect for mutual interest. But still connecting which automatically means you're going to be more lucky. I guarantee you're going to be far more luckier for coming out tonight than the people who didn't.

I know that already right. Serendipitous people are more. Fearless they tend to be courageous about trying new things instead of worrying about something that could go wrong. I think isn't that interesting.

I'd like to give that a try contrast that with only focusing on the good things that could happen right. Good outcomes increase self-sufficiency this again goes back to the action takers personality profile. I'm going to. I.

I began with it. I'm going to end with it because if we get nothing else out of tonight it's this um they perpetuate and reinforce the belief that they are competent and more capable of accomplishing whatever they set out to do they tend to be more competent confident and take more risks okay. Lucky people are. Risk.

Takers okay. They seize opportunity wherever they perceive it wherever they perceive it what controls your perception your filters which analogous to what your your feelings your frequencies right. They're willing to take more risk they quickly brush off disappointments and move on to the. Next opportunity action.

Akers by. Nature tend to be more happy because they have a constant influx of new stimulation experiences and activities to their daily life get out and get new experiences have fun with this right. That's why we start with being playful having fun being curious these are driver. States these are things that move us forward they move the neurology forward okay.

They deliberately do new things that automatically boost contentedness that doesn't mean sitting on the couch eating hog and da all day long right. I know it's okay. Once in a while every hour or. So.

I guess [ __ ] um if an opportunity is available they'll usually follow it they almost never they almost never act with 100% certainty 85 is good enough right. Better than 50% that's a little challenging. But maybe right. They almost never act with 100% certainty if you wait until all negative emot disappear you'll never take action oh baby this is.

So true. I've got people who are. Perpetual [ __ ] [ __ ] fixtures right. They they get in this this treadmill of looking for the.

Next thing to fix because they think that if they just fix enough stuff everything will get easy no. No. There's a difference between fixing something that's holding you back and looking for something to keep that keeps you from taking action right. My advice to those of you who are professional [ __ ] fixers stop start doing the actions and activities that lead towards positive measurable results and.

Then when a block comes up deal with it because there's this phenomena we in that's this a little known phenomena in in our industry we call it pathological. TR which we're. So we're. So consumed with finding more [ __ ] to fix that that's all we ever do and we never get fixed we never take the actions that move our life forward right.

Stop looking for [ __ ] to fix and start taking action in your life and when [ __ ] comes up [ __ ] being a technical term mind you. Then deal with it right. Deal with it. I say that because.

I'm seeing it a lot lately a lot of people are coming to me for stuff and they just they keep digging deeper and deeper and deeper based on the latest reports from from the trauma world the average human being is carrying millions of years of repressed trauma in their neurology and in their. DNA trust me you will not run out of [ __ ] to fix. But that will not put food on your table it will not add an extra zero or decimal point to your bank account taking action in the world will right. Focus on the things that are holding you back and not stop and stop looking for things that might be holding you back you understand the distinction okay.

Uh when truly uncertain about a decision they ask themselves this is a strategy what's the worst that could happen what's the. Worst. That. Could.

Happen. How likely is that particular situation to. Really. Happen notice the difference now a lot of us ask what's the worst could happen we come up with some [ __ ] you ever notice that it's because the human neurology the human brain is the world's most comprehensive information processing system on the planet a question answering mechanism on the planet short of the planet itself your neurology must seek to answer any question you put to it regardless of how stupid the question is.

Right. N people have this thing called the blame frame you may have heard people go this why does this always happen to me and the neurology goes oh he wants a list. I submit ladies and gentlemen that the quality of your life will be guided and directed by the quality of the questions you ask yourself because your neurology can't not answer it. But just like.

Google how you phrase the question bias is the answer that you get asking s why this [ __ ] always happens to me is a far less useful question than how can. I make sure this [ __ ] never happens again or how can. I do better or what can. I get instead same situation different.

Direction. Little. Things make a big difference right. They weigh the short-term cost versus the long-term benefits right.

I have stories on this one. But we'll never get to the. Next piece we're done at 10: right3 10:30 10:00. I always get that okay.

You guys having fun is this useful information okay. So let's learn how to cook. The rice shall we okay. First and foremost we got to create the resources we got to build our resources right.

So. I'm going to diagram this process out this is going to be a process a combination a little bit of [ __ ] clearing little bit of [ __ ] clearing and a whole lot of upgrading we're going to use our imagination we're going to use our body we're going to use our critical faculty the part of us that analyzes. But we're going to use it appropriately okay. So.

First and foremost you have resources right. Oops. I just killed the killed the coffee cup that's all right. So we have an identity level issue right.

So two resources. I want you to imagine somebody who is really fraking lucky somebody you know that's just off the charts lucky you all right. Imagine her off the charts lucky right. Want you to close your eyes.

Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact they're going to remind you to relax realizing no. Matter how far inside you travel no.

Matter how deep inside you go you'll always be able to hear my words and follow my instructions and obey my commands not because. I'm any big authority figure or because. I'm some kind of high level hypnotist or something like that. But because you realize that everything.

I say and everything. I do is for you to give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions now what. I'd like you to do is imagine if you would the safest place you've ever been maybe it's a place that existed when you were growing up maybe it's a place that exists only in your mind. I had a client out in.

London her idea of a safe place her safe place was actually a nuclear fallout shelter 5 miles below the surface of the. Earth surrounded in cement and concrete and there was only enough room in it for her. So when. I say your safe place it can be anything some people are very spiritual some people are very transpersonal and they like to be surrounded by their.

Spirit guides and their guardian angels and their animal totems some people like to lock themselves in a bank vault some people have a room they grew up in that when they were in that room sealed away from the world everything was perfect other people have a place out in nature a place where they go where they know there are enough where they're completely safe all their needs are met where they're fully accepted in every way now because we are in a group my speaking may be a little faster or slower at times than your processing speed and that's okay. Because. I. I want you to move through these processes together with me only at your natural speed only at your natural pace allowing yourself to just enjoy the processes to be fully integrated what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to move into your safe place. I'd like you to see what you saw and hear what you heard and feel what you felt and when you're there would you just nod your head to let me know perfect now when you're in your safe place that place where everything is taken care of everything is protected there's a feeling that you get that let you know you're there and. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where that feeling grows and emanates from and if you were to just point to it where would you be pointing that's right.

And as you point to that place. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what might that color be and as you notice that color. I'd like you to use that amazing imagination of yours. I'd like you to imagine a huge ball of that feeling of that energy floating above your head and.

I. Want. You to. Breathe that color through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart like somebody turned on the tap and just left it running as you breathe it through your mind and body. I want you to scan your body. I want you to notice of any places of pain tightness worry fear tension anxiety anything that's less than comfortable and breathe more of that color through those areas and notice what happens and just keep breathing letting your mind and color and feeling and energy flow through those areas just like that and. Then what.

I'd like you to do is. I'd like you to just allow if you would another part of your mind. Another. Part.

Of. Your. Consciousness to float up out of your physical body and into that sphere into that colored energy merging with it like a drop of water merges back into the ocean from which it came feeling a connection a reconnection if you will to something much greater much larger much more powerful than yourself letting all the filters of who you are and what you should have dissolve away into that energy that source of abundance that place we call. Source in whatever way that means to you and let those wonderful feelings of connection and intimacy and safety flow some people imagine like if you could ever imagine the warmest most wonderful most soothing bath you've ever taken know how you just got to sit back and dissolve your body into that wonderful warm water you can feel yourself resolving into that energy into that field into that vibration and the colors and as you pass deeper and deeper into it you may eventually find yourself passing through to the other side and when you do you may find yourself in a very interesting place a place that in the world according to.

David we call the gry room now your room may not be gray it may be some other awesome color or you may just stay in this safe space and do the processes together that we're talking about. But understand that where you're at and the feelings moving through your body have an infinite ever expanding quality to them that for as long as your heart continues to be and your lungs continue to breathe this feeling this energy these qualities and characteristics will go with you supporting you strengthening you healing you and things you understand ways you understand and remember ways that you unconsciously understand and remember. So just allow that process to take place. However your body responds to these energies is perfectly okay.

Some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people tear up some people feel warmth some people feel coolness some people tingle doesn't really matter how your body expresses these things is entirely up to you as we began this process we talked about remembering or creating a picture in your mind of somebody who was extraordinarily lucky who embodied that pure serendipitous energy that you want more of in your life and. I want you to call up that representation in your mind of this person or maybe a group of people. I want you to imagine that you could float up out of your physical body and float down into theirs see the world through their eyes. Feel the world through their body understand themselves the world and everyone in it the way they do as this person look.

In the mirror notice what thoughts and ideas and feelings come up how do they feel about themselves how do they perceive their perceptions their sense of worth their ability to identify as being somebody very very fortunate who attracts all the best experiences and circumstances into their life notice how they move through the world taking action how they become aware of perceptions and opportunities and they stick to it they ready fire aim notice how kind they are to themselves how they treat themselves on the inside that's right. Notice how they reach out they look. For opportunities to engage to connect how they're never too specific about the things they go for and just live a week or two in that life maybe a month go where they go do what they do understand themselves the world and everyone in it as they do and. I want you to notice that after a certain interval a feeling will start to arise within you that's different that's unique compared to the old stealth you used to recognize and that perhaps there's a place in your body where that feeling starts and you may notice that there's a color or a series of colors connected to that feeling what might those colors be and.

I want you to imagine breathing all of those colors through your entire physical body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes noticing what happens in your body as you breathe those frequencies through every level of your mind and every level of your body scan your body notice any places of tightness or tension or worry fear anxiety anything that's not in harmony with this new set of frequencies and breathe more of this energy through those areas and notice what happens just observe the process let your neurology and the filters that govern what you believe and how you believe and how you move through the world begin to change and modify to upgrade if you will the apps inside of you and imagine if you would an alternate reality an alternate universe where everything's allowed and. I want you to imagine that movie as yourself now having all of these qualities and all of these attributes and. I want you to go as far back in your memory as you can as you're willing to go when you reach that point far back in your memory. I'm going to ask you a series of questions just answer with your.

First impression are you inside or outside alone or with people daytime or nighttime look. At your hands in that scene are they big person hands little person hands are they somewhere in between whatever you see is perfectly okay. But. I'd like you to step into that scene as the you of today equipped informed educated with all the qualities connections perceptual filters and attributes of a naturally lucky person want you to take that younger version of yourself by the hand and lead him out of that moment give him a big old hug and tell them hey buddy.

I'm you from the future and where. I come from from the technology exists to come back from the future to change the past and that's exactly what we're going to do. I want you to give that version of yourself the biggest most loving most all accepting all- encompassing hug ever download into that version of yourself everything he or she will ever need to know believe feel understand to be better than ever to be awesome in every way and most importantly to to let them know that everything they've experienced up to this point or would have experienced from this timeline is done over that you're going to take them someplace even cooler even better and. Then.

I want you to look. That version of yourself in the eyes. And ask at one special question what would make them the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now everything's allowed see.

I had one little girl all she wanted was ice cream and hugs. So we gave her a special kind of ice cream she can eat as much as she want for as long as she wants never lose a tooth never get sick never gain a pound and all the hugs she could handle for all time because you see ladies and gentlemen when. I say everything's allowed. I mean everything.

So ask him or her what would make them the happiest little camper on the planet right. Now and. Then. I want you to make that alternate reality movie.

I want you to make it as big as a drive-in or. IMAX movie theater screen. I want you to turn up the colors. I want you to turn up the clarity.

I want you to make it fully identified step into it turn up the sounds. The. Taste the smells the feelings make it. Vivid in every conceivable way and.

Then. I want you to watch it live it not once not twice. But over and over and over again hundreds of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times stronger 10 times more.

Vivid 10 times more real 10 times more compelling than ever before until it becomes more real than any experience you've ever had until it overwrites every experience you've ever had and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and as you watch that new alternate reality movie. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where it spreads to and with each repetition with each pass through that movie that energy begins to grow it begins to double in speed double in force double in magnitude getting stronger and stronger and stronger until it fills up your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and. Then it just keeps getting stronger until your body can no.

Longer contain all that energy it begins to stream out of your body in an in an ever expanding infinite. Unlimited. Supply forming a brilliant colored frame around that alternate reality movie that you've created and all the goodness inside of it when you're ready. I want you to reach out with both your hands.

I want you to grab that frame and that new alternate reality movie inside of it. I want you to lift it over your head expand it to fill the universe and pull it down through your entire body from the top top of your head to the tips of your toes over and over and over again each time you do. I want you to notice as you pass it through your body any places in your body that are not in harmony with this new set of frequencies this new set of instructions notice what begins to happen to them as every part of your body starts to synchronize to harmonize to upgrade and install new information new perceptual filters new ways of moving through your through the world seeing yourself the world and everyone in it and just keep going until it's impossible to turn off in every way that's right. And build in all those attributes all of those qualities that lead to being.

So. So lucky that's right. Many people when these processes take place experience all kinds of physical. IAL sensation some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people tear up some people tingle some people sweat it's okay.

That's right. When you know you've got that. I want you to imagine that you could float down into your history as this new version of you and notice how all of your memories and all of your experiences begin to change moving forward. I don't want you to just move forward through all of your memories now noticing how they change how they transform every now and.

Then stop and look. Back on some of those experiences now that they're different and notice what you've learned and. Then move forward again and. Then again till you reach the present moment look.

Back and notice what's different notice how you've changed till this is the only way you can remember it when you know you got that breathe those colors through your entire body again and notice what happens now that's right. You're doing great when you know you've got that. I want you to float up out of your physical body once again move forward in time one week into the future one week from. October 17th 2016 float down into that version of yourself see the world through that person's eyes.

Feel the world through your body understand yourself the world and everyone in as this new person tell yourself about it describe it to yourself and notice any changes notice any qualities characteristics or attributes that you have more of that you like more and the feelings connected to those and the colors connected to those feelings and breathe them through your entire body anchor them in. So fully. So completely it's they impossible to turn off and. Then float up taking all of those qualities characteristics and attributes with you float another month into the future one month and seven days from.

October 17th 2016 float down into that version of yourself and notice what that's like live a day or two there live a week there heck go for the gold let that person's accomplishments become your accomplishments their achievements your achievements their discoveries ahas epiphanies oh my gods you're ahas discoveries epiphanies and oh my gods and. Then look. Back look. Back at the.

U of. October 17th 2016 and notice what's changed and if you could go back step back through that. Wormhole of time and download into that young version of yourself there in. October 17th 2016 everything he or she would ever need to know believe feel or understand to be as awesome as you are in this future right.

Now what would you download into them what would you give them what would you share with them what they see feel hear smell taste when you know what that is stepping back as that future self to. October 17th 2017 give that younger version of yourself the best hug ever the. I love you hug the hug that lets them know that for as long as long as their heart continues to beat and their lungs continue to breathe you're always going to be there to love them to accept them to remind them that they're always enough to hold their hand when there's nobody else to give them that hug they need when there's nobody else to do that to remind them of all the very best things about themsel in a voice that they can always trust a voice that they can can always believe a voice that speaks 10 times louder than any other voice that drowns out every other voice. So that no.

Matter where you go or what you do for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe you'll always know you're always loved you're always enough you're always accepted protected lucky and you're never ever ever alone breathe all of the colors from all the. Transformations you've acquired through both of you feel the two of you merging together becoming the. United. States of you anchor all of those colors all those frequencies in.

So fully. So completely that they're impossible to turn off and when you know you've got that try to turn them off and notice what happens instead. Reach. Out grab a hold of that picture pass it through your entire body feel the energies and the frequencies within you amplifying becoming stronger and stronger and stronger let all that processing take place each night while you sleep and while you dream your neurology will make all the necessary changes create new neurological connections change the perceptual filters in your mind body and spirit.

So that each morning upon. Awakening you'll see the world through new eyes. Experience the world with all of these qualities and characteristics and attributes that we've discussed and explored more and more prevalent more and more dominant in every level of your neurology mind body and soul only in the ways that give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and your definitions in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations. Revelations and educations with you embodying the in all the ways that make your life better taking the appropriate actions at the right.

Moment at the right. Time irresistibly and sticking to it number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality ladies and gentlemen a reality where you've learned something powerful you've explored the magic of your nervous system an exploration that will only continue to gain more power in your life as long as you're willing to play and explore and point to where you feel it number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 10 times more permanent 10 times more desirable locked in embraced held on to by that part of your neurology mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate and express these changes in all the ways that make your life better by your standards and your definitions number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and and all concerned number four because it's all for you my friends you've made the journey you've made the investment you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've absolutely earned the rewards and the right.

To keep them on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology mind body and soul accepts understands realizes and comprehends you've got this embracing them embodying them expressing these traits qualities and characteristics in all the ways that give you the life you want the way you want it by your standards and definitions head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel if you had a good time please post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't post to somebody else's if you haven't scheduled your console please see. Linda before you go.

I'll be hanging out thank you. So much we'll see you in a couple of weeks what's that all the courses you teach are you uh. Linda actually has a uh a list at the back there. But there will be an events calendar posted on my website the.

Next 24 hours if you go to. NLP power.com events there will be a list let me put that on the page for you. NLP power.com. SL events yeah uh for those of you who want uh.

I do run a. I run a group uh it's called the. NLP power. Mastermind.

I didn't really get a chance to talk about this. But people were asking about it it's a skill. Building. Group it's a paid group it's not for free um.

But basically we get together on the. Third. Third. Saturday of every month and it's your applications my skill set and everything's allowed everything from selling and sales to attraction and and energy work and manifesting and all these things and basically the way it works is uh.

I literally go around the room and. I say kind of like we did today what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and. I write you give me a list of the things you want to work on. I write them on the board and.

I look. At what's written on the board. I write down all the. Connecting.

Threads and. I generate the lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next 24 hour or for the.

Next four hours 24 hours. Jesus. I got to come out of. Trance right.

Next four hours. I literally drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep it is not a certification track you will not get certified. NLP what you will get is a real world skill that you can go out and apply the same day yeah the. NLP power.

Mastermind yeah my my handwriting sucks how much uh it's 247 a month it's and it's there's no. Uh it's not like a big lump something it's done almost like a subscription. But without a contract. So literally else if you want to join you can take the.

First one for free and see if it's something you like how many times a month it's once a month for 4 hours and it's it's a it's a small semi-private group and everything's allowed 247 per month 247 a month um it's getting too big. So. I had to raise the price um. But basically there's it's you can go for one month or you can go for 12 months it's there's no.

Like 12-month commitment it's. I set it up like a subscription on. PayPal. So basically.

I'll send you a link and it'll. Auto renew every month and you just show up now every video we videotape every single. Mastermind session and we archive those on the. NLP power website and all.

Mastermind members have complete access to all six years of. Mastermind video because we've been running it continuously since 2010 it is the longest running. NLP mentoring group that. I know of different topic every month whatever you want every every month is different because the people in the room are different.

So there'll be a lot of uh a lot of rep repetition. But there will also be a lot of new stuff because everybody has a different outcome it's literally there's there is no. Curriculum until the people walk in the room if. I want to go to the.

First one and check it out go back uh basically you let me know you want to come um talk to. Linda talk to. Linda and she'll she'll make a note and. I'll put you on our mailing list for that it's a separate mailing list and uh the.

Next one we just had we just had it. Sunday. So the. Next one will be uh.

November. Third. Saturday in. November 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. at my clinic in salana.

Beach you'll in and. I'll literally ask you what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn what do we want to change about us though doesn't matter it could be something you want to change it could be a skill set you want to learn anything anything if it's in my lexicon. I'll show. I.

I'll teach you how to do it it's not a certification track. So you're not going to come out there with a pretty certificate for you all you're going to come out with a real world skill that you can go out and do something right. Then and there and that's why people like it they don't have to sit there and learn a lot of irrelevant crap or information it's all relevant it's all drill based and you're going to get. FaceTime with me for four solid hours and.

I make sure you know how to do this [ __ ] before you leave. So if that's something that appeals to you you're more than welcome to to come and check us out just let. Linda know you want to come she'll put you on the mailing list for the. Next one um a matter of fact.

I just finished the video. I just. I just downloaded the video from. Last night's what.

I'll do for those of you who want to see kind of what it's like. I'll put that video in a special uh page on the. NLP power website you'll also have to let. Linda give your email address cuz.

I can't let that out to the public cuz that's premium content. But you'll see that we we had like 9 10 people in that room and. I had like 27 different things that. I had to create a curriculum for that nailed everything.

So you'll see massive belief change you'll see one guy go from this posture to this posture because he's been 20 years like this now a sudden oh yeah right. I mean it was just really some really cool stuff uh very relevant to what you've got here today um. But if again. I only mentioned it because people were asking me about it.

I would normally just not even mention it um um. But if people want to get in on it there is no. Long-term contracts or anything like that try it out see if it's something that fits with you and if it fits within your you know where you want to go what you want to do you're more than welcome to stay with us as long as you like. But like.

I said if you have a good time tonight post good things to the. Meetup if not keep your [ __ ] mouth shut we'll see you in a couple weeks talk to you soon.
