Title: Face Reading: Heal and Reveal - How To Read Anyone&#39;s Face Instantly
File Name: 8p3fH4hE5y0.txt
Video Id: 8p3fH4hE5y0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8p3fH4hE5y0

90 to 360 minutes. Uh our our our webinars tend to go long. They're usually very very heavy on content and they're also very very interactive. In other words,.

I love to it. The more feedback and interaction you give me when. I ask for feedback, when. I ask you for questions, the more participatory you are in tonight's training, the more powerfully your nervous system will become stimulated and you will gain the knowledge and the skills and the abilities and the experiences that we want you to have to be able to go out into the world and apply this information.

And and on the subject of applying this information,. I just want to tell you right. Up front, there's there's really kind of no. Theory in what we're going to be sharing with you tonight.

Um, we focus on things that do not require you to believe in them for them to be effective. Uh, our our our focus is always to give you the best, most powerful, most actionable content imaginable. So that you can start applying this stuff right. Away and prove to yourself the value and the worth of what we offer.

That being said, we're about to deal dive into a very, very, very deep end of the pool. 2500 years worth, not counting modern science to be exact. So if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in the three hours that we're together, we might have time for this much. So my commitment, my promise to you is this. I will teach you as much as.

I can in the time that we have together. I will take you as far down and into this face reading rabbit hole and all the different places it can lead you and change your life within the time that. I have. and. I will promise you,.

I will point you,. I will give you a path to continue your journey and level up your skills to take it further. Is that fair? If you think that's a fair trade, go ahead and type that in the chat.

If you don't think it's fair, probably not best use your. Next 30 360 minutes. So, you might want to go watch the. Three.

Stooges or something, right? Okay. That being said, um let me uh let me talk about what what we're going to be focusing on tonight. So, tonight is about what what.

I would like to call five element face reading. This is this is um this is a a kind of a call back or a um. I don't want to say a retcon,. But.

I'm going to go back to my roots in. Chinese five element energetics,. Chinese medical acupuncture, things of that nature. And.

Then. I'm going to try and bridge that gap. Um. I.

I was very privileged to learn uh a classical family lineage of face reading from my teacher uh the great. Lillian. Bridges. Um and let me just uh let's just do this part because this is part where.

I always get tearary. Um. So let me show you this. So this is my teacher.

Lillian. Um a very this is a very young. Lillian by the way. This has always been my my favorite picture of her and um she passed away in.

I believe it was 2020 and. September as a matter of fact and uh she was the one who introduced me to this this amazing world of of. Chinese five element theory. Um and when.

I was sitting in her in her symposium class for the. First time and she stood up in front of five, you know, at least four or 500 people and proclaimed to the world that if you can read somebody's face and you unpack the emotional uh baggage that that is behind those facial markings that that marking will actually start to fade and go away. And the. First thing out of my mouth from the back row of this auditorium was.

Um, turns out she was 100% right. And. I'll. I'll tell you that story later.

For those of you who are wondering if this shit's real, how does it work? What you see right. Next to. Lillian's picture is the.

Second page of a. Chinese a textbook. On. Chinese medicine that is dated 2000 over 2,500 years old.

This is all on the markings that we're going to be talking about today, the facial characteristics, things of that nature. It was the. Second page, right? And.

So it's important to remember that there are there are teachers out there who don't approach face reading and this even the. Chinese systems the way that. I was taught to approach. Chinese face reading.

There's uh uh some really good other resources that. I'm happy to talk about,. But most of the people that. I know who don't go back to.

Lil through. Lillian. Lillian's lineage are more focused on the divinatory fortunetelling astrological uh more woowoo approach to face reading. And there is some credence to that.

But. Lillian was, even though she knew all about that stuff, her particular family style, their face reading was mostly for legal applications, banking and business, and matchmaking. And uh her. First textbook, which is a required reading for all of my face reading students, is called.

Face. Reading in. Chinese. Medicine.

You can find it on. Amazon. Uh,. Lillian was the world's leading authority on.

Chinese face reading and. I she could literally look. At your your your your face and give you a pretty good uh ballpark of your. MyersBriggs profile.

She was that good. She was. So good that two two intelligence agencies were actively trying to recruit her um to teach their system to their operatives. Um, which.

I don't know that the official story is that she never did. her father was in fact uh an agent for the. CIA for a long time. So what. I was told versus what was actually true, well.

I'll leave that up to your imagination. Um. But what is possible with face reading? I think a better question is what is not possible with face reading?

So here's here's how we're going to play this game. Okay,. I'm going to ask you some questions and if it's something you'd like to be better at or something you'd like to be able to uh to do more of, you just type yes, that's me in the chat and uh we'll jump in. Sound like a plan?

This means yes. This means no,. But. I.

I can't see that in the chat. So, type yes. If you're with me. Uh not.

So much if you're not with me. Okay, very good. All right. Excellent.

So, how many people here by a show of. That's. Me in the chat would like to make more money? Anybody?

Okay, a resounding yes. Well, let me tell you, if you become a certified face reader, uh, and you're competent, it's not uncommon for people to get anywhere from $350 to $750 a session just to read somebody's face, much less help them fix that stuff that they find. And the reason. I say fix that stuff that they find is because.

Lillian's approach was always about diagnosis. How to look. At somebody's face. And.

I can look. At your face. And any of. Lillian's students who paid attention can look.

At your face and literally tell you how your spleen is doing, how your heart is doing, your lungs are doing, uh what your constitution is like. They can tell a lot of times when your siblings were born. Um they can tell when you've had traumas. Um it's it's amazing what you can do.

But the biggest application that that we started with was people for. Chinese medical diagnosis. In other words, someone's coming to me for chronic pain, uh, cancer, multiple scerosis, some kind of long-term chronic illness. Can we in fact look.

At the face and actually diagnose the face from a. Chinese medical perspective using that? And that's where we start um, in our approach to face reading. It's all things that we can verify and prove.

The further you get out into the wonderful world of. Woo, the more subjective and suggestable things become. So if you are working in any form of healing profession and. I don't care if you're a body worker,.

I don't care if you're an acupuncturist or a. Chiang practitioner,. I don't care if you're a psychotherapist, social worker, there is no. Place where the elements that we're going to be sharing with you throughout this webinar and our full curriculums will not give you more insight and more ability to make a profound difference and in many cases to measure the differences that you're making with your clients.

Okay? If you're someone who is more interested in social applications, if you want to be the most fascinating person at a party, there is nothing that will do it faster than being a face reader. Okay? If you're tired of dating the same person with a different face every time, those mo those markings will be very come very very obvious to you and you can avoid the the wrong people and find the right.

People. So there's a lot of different ways, you know, like. I said,. I was a big.

I was a big proponent for many years of graph analysis. Uh. I started. I studied with.

Bart. Bagget. I used it all the time, everywhere, and it was amazing. And.

I'm. I'm still a big fan of it. But when. I learned face reading, it was a gamecher because fewer and fewer people write anymore,.

But everybody still has a face, right? And even if you have if you're wearing a mask,. I can still tell an awful lot about you from above the mask to get a really good profile. And while we're on the subject of profiling and because that's what this class is really kind of about.

It's about being able to look. At somebody and through pattern recognition understand what that person's life is like or what kind of a life they're leading. And we can look. At the face in different layers and we can look.

At it in different levels. Today. I want to talk. I'm going to try and pick up a little bit of where we left off yesterday uh or or not yesterday.

But two weeks ago when. I started teaching you the decision- making processes and the maps of the face. Uh. But.

I also want to go into more of the classical stuff uh and. But these will still be things that you as a a business person a social person uh can begin to apply and it's going to be more along the lines of elements. So um before we go any further. I'm going to ask you a few more questions.

So, how many people would like to enjoy better relationships? Yes. Or yes? Okay, stay on tonight's webinar till the end.

Okay. How many of you would be would like to be to improve their mental state, their mental health, their mindset, their motivation, um the crap, get rid of the crap that they don't even know they've got that's just driving your bus and pushing your buttons. Stay on for tonight's webinar because you're going to get a lot of insight into how to begin that process. How would you like to be able to protect yourself against the evil persuasion predators of the world?

Manipulators, con artists, charlatans, human traffickers, uh, narcissists, sociopaths, domestic abusers, all that crap. All right,. Then you're going to want to stay on tonight. And and like.

I talked about before, how many of you just want to be able to help others and and heal people and help people reach their goals faster? Would that be something you're all interested in? Okay. So before.

I go on, is there anything. I didn't mention that you would like to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's training or byproduct from tonight's webinar? Type it in the chat. If.

I if there's something. I missed, lose weight. Actually, yeah, we could probably do that. We can probably show you to do that.

Remove lines off people's faces. Okay, you're going to actually learn how to do that as a byproduct of the training. Um,. But we'll talk about it.

Can we diagnose any disease? That's a great question,. Carol. And the truth is is that you can diagnose,.

But the way that diagnosis works is it it's it's based on heal a dent in the forehead. Okay, we can talk about that. Um, be able to look. At myself and read.

I need. Yes,. I in fact. I do that every morning when.

I get up in the morning. Um,. I try to avoid the. First 10 or 15 minutes because you're dehydrated or you're puffy and you're full asleep.

But after about 20 30 minutes and your body starts to kind of um balance itself out,. Then you can go and you can look. At your face and you can diagnose your own system uh from a day-to-day basis. It's really really interesting.

Can you use the subconscious or use the subconscious to heal back pain? Oh yeah. Yeah. In fact, back pain will often show up on the bridge of the nose.

Uh it's it's really cool. like everything is interconnected. Okay. Now, again, you guys are asking some really deep questions and. I will try to to work those into the.

Next webinar as possible,. But hopefully as. I go through this process, um you'll be able to extrapolate how that would work. If not, we have an a training opportunity coming up um midmon.

I think it is towards the end of. April that will make everything really really uh direct and straightforward for you. All right. So,.

I'm glad. I love the amount of um. I love the amount of feedback we're getting in the chats. That is absolutely awesome.

Uh let me go my with my uh look. At my. YouTubers here really quick. Okay,.

So. I missed it earlier. Um. So just just for the sake of uh the new people, why who is.

David. Snder? Why should. I care?

Um. So we're just going to go through this really really quick. So,. I told you my my lineage uh with uh with.

Lilian. Bridges, right? I am in fact a doctor of acupuncture and oriental medicine. This is a copy of my degree from uh.

Pacific. College of. Oriental. Medicine.

Uh. I've had a practice, an active practice since 2005 here in. Salana. Beach where my primary focus is helping is treating physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotion.

And what happened is. I very very quickly realized that. I could fix most things faster with hypnosis,. NLP and and uh psycho.

Chinese psycho energetics than. I could with needles. And. So that became the the focus of my practice.

Uh face reading when. I when. I. Finally learned it became a huge huge diagnostic assist beyond the basic face reading.

I had learned um in in medical school. So, um,. I'm also one of the top two. NLP trainers in the world as per globalgurus.org.

This is a copy of 2020 when. I was ranked the number one. I actually beat the all the founders out. I still keep this one just to remind myself that.

I'm probably the only guy that ever actually managed to pull that off and. I have not pulled it off again,. But. I have been in the top two slot uh for the.

Last 8 to 10 years. So,. I'm excited about that. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence.

Uh this is a copy of a letter. I got from. Global. Gurus where uh one of my programs actually two technically uh.

Killer. Influence. Secrets of. Covert.

Hypnosis was ranked the number one. NLP training program in the world uh since 2020 actually uh up to even this year. And. So.

I'm very proud of that because we never promoted this class as an. NLP class. And the the. Second version of it was also ranked number one and that was um called.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts which uses a lot of face reading and profiling stuff in it.

So this is a cursive copy of our um our page at. Global. Gurus. Um.

I'm not going to. I'm not going to bore you with these details,. But here's what we're going to be talking about today from a five from a. Chinese five element perspective.

I want to talk about how to understand personality and temperament. I want to teach you how to track and understand trauma history. Not to a great degree. That was mostly.

Last week's webinar,. But. I want to kind of close that loop for you. I want to teach you how to look.

For and gauge sexual and romantic compatibility. But. I don't want to just show you uh about sexual and romantic compatibility. I also want to teach you some things that.

Lillian taught me about business compatibility. Uh we're going to talk about the five element management styles. We're going to talk about five element lifestyles. five element physiology and physioamy. Uh.

So you can start to kind of look. At people and begin to ballpark. Okay, is that a fire person? Is that a predominantly fire person, predominantly metal person, uh predominantly earth or water person?

And what are they most and because of that primary physioammy? What exactly are is that person going to trend towards? And that's what. I want you to think about. uh when.

I was learning the the the five element system, uh. I. I'll talk to you about. Remind me to to close that loop.

Uh. Melissa says, "I've been absent since 1997.". That's okay. Welcome back.

Uh we're going to teach you how to become a master of people reading uh and human influence. And while we're on that subject, let's let's go back to the word. I mentioned earlier called profiling. So when we look.

If you can. Google you can just type in personality profiles or personality tests and you will have page after page after page after page of of different tests people could take. MyersBriggs, the four temperaments, the um uh there's the um the enagram and and all these other different personality types. And those are all designed to help you do something core.

Yeah. They're all designed to help you do something. Create a profile of a person based on a template. And the.

Chinese were no. Different or that the. Asian systems were no. Different.

And this is and by the way, this is for any face reading system. It doesn't really matter if it's if it's. Chinese,. Korean,.

Malaysian, uh,. Italian, uh,. Native. American.

There's there's many, uh,. VidC. There's lots of different face reading systems. So, one of the things.

I'm going to recommend because. I know that people who study with me don't just study with me. When you start to study other resources and other sources for your face reading, don't look. For what's different.

Look. For where everyone agrees. Start there and use that to create your core uh lexicon, your core key uh master key of behavioral traits. Because once again, we want we're going to be sorting by populations.

We're going to be sorting by what's most common. from that you can start to experiment with the things that are slightly different uh from system to system to system. So we're going to start we're going to focus to you on tonight for you on things that are pretty true no. Matter where you go. Uh and you can take those to the bank, you can take those to the bedroom, you can take those wherever you want to go.

Uh and that's my goal. Okay? So. I just wanted to kind of put that out there.

But one of the things that that um people often ask and. I just want to put this out there. So you guys have an understanding when we talk about profiling. I divide profiling methodologies into two kinds of profiling.

One is called active profiling and the other is called passive profiling. So what does that actually mean? So if we look. At how many people here have ever heard of somebody by the name of uh.

Paul. Ecman? Anybody? You if you've heard of.

Paul. Eman, go ahead and type that in the chat. Perfect. Right.

So. Paul. Ecman. Uh some of you may have heard of a guy by the name of.

Chase. Hughes. Yes. Yes, yes, as they say, right?

You may have heard of a guy named. Joe. Navaro or. Mark.

Bowden or. I mean, you can name a hundred different body language people out there, right? And they're all going to be what. I call active profilers.

What does that mean? Active profiling is the ability to monitor where a per what a person's regular baseline is and calibrate when they deviate from what they normally do. So, uh if you're looking at. Dr.

Ecman's work, he is going to talk about microexpressions. These are emotional processes you're running in the moment that that that manifest for a fraction of a. Second on the face. uh. Chase is going to talk to you about things like general hemispheric tendency or iHome or or things of that nature.

And. I'm. I'm a high ranking member in. Chase's organization.

So. I have tremendous respect for the. ABR community and everything else. But that is what we call active profiling.

Jonavaro, lie detection, that kind of stuff. What are they doing? They're creating a profile of that person of what they're normally like and. Then they're calibrating change.

It's a very dynamic active process and there's a place for that. But what they're what what they don't have is they don't know who this person is. They don't have an idea of their their gener uh without a lot of profiling. They don't have an ability to kind of get a snapshot of how this person lives their life if that makes any kind of sense.

So, what we're going to be talking about from the. Chinese face reading perspective are things they've been doing for years that have with their face and sometimes with their body. Uh, types of experiences that they've had, categories of experiences that they've had and how those markings, those patterns that they've gone through and either not not managed or failed to manage well have impacted and marked their face. So, if you can think of the difference between active profiling and passive profiling, active profiling, we're looking at microp expressions.

We're looking at um things they're doing in the moment. Chinese face reading is a combination of their their their constitution and lifestyle,. But the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions. So when a person when we start to unpack a person's face, we can start to gen to to create generalizations that are most likely true based on these patterns.

And everything that that we we learn in. Planet. David is all about pattern recognition. And when we talk about pattern recognition, that's everything.

Once you understand how to see uh a person's patterns and hear a person's patterns, not only do you be are you able to predict with a very high degree of accuracy, what the what that behavior is going to manifest as given the context and situation, you also now have the tools to interrupt and modify that pattern based on your understanding. So,. I know. I'm getting a little lectury here,.

But. I just want to kind of. I want to put that out there that they're not they're they're not the same,. But they're really useful together.

They're really really useful together. Does that does that make sense? Are you guys with me on this? Excellent.

Okay. Very good. So, uh how many of you by show of hands really quick were on the uh on the. Last webinar, the.

Last face reading webinar? Just type in me if you were here. If if it's your. First time, just type in.

First time. Okay. Okay. Willow's.

First time. Uh. Lacy. First time.

Melody. Excellent. Okay. So, a lot of first- timers.

All right. So, here's what we're going to do then. Um if it's okay. With you,.

I am going to do a brain dump on you as much as humanly possible. Um. I'm going to go really quick for the. First half of the facial the.

First facial map that. I'm going to show you. We aren't going to do decisions. Um and we're not going to do public side and private side. you can go back to the uh webinar we did on.

March 13th. I think or. March 11th and pick those up there and. I highly recommend that you do if if when you come to uh face reading uh at the end of.

April. Then of course you'll get a deep dive into this stuff right. Please please please re review this webinar. I'm going to give you a a crap ton of of of really powerful information okay.

Toar says. Joe. Navaro is a real expert although the books of him. But yeah, well, the thing you got to understand about anything that's coming from the uh the military uh and law enforcement context is going to be hyperacademic.

It's it'll be it'll be it'll be scientifically valid in most cases,. But it's not going to be the most exciting way to assimilate this information. The other thing that the other challenge with with that approach to learning is there's. So much data.

Most people don't need a body language dictionary that spans 400 pages. They just need to be able to have a few basic uh rules of thumb that you apply and be able to best guesstimate um what that behavior most likely means based on those those principles that are are fairly immutable. Okay. So, that being said, let's um you guys want to jump in?

You guys want to. All right. So, let me ask you a question. I'm going to give you guys a choice because.

I'm going to do both no. Matter what,. But. I want to know which one.

I'm going to. I'm going to teach as much content as humanly possible for about the. Next 30 some minutes. the end of 30 minutes, we're going to go into phase two of our webinar, which is where. I show you the paths of ascension, uh the ways to level up your skills.

We put some programs and some packages together because. I asked you if. I could show you the way to go next, you'd be willing to go. Is that true or not true?

You guys remember. I asked you that? Okay. So, we're going to we're going to go as much as we can in the.

Next 30 minutes. We're going to go through phase two of the webinar. Then, we're going to go right. Into phase three.

Phase three of our webinar is accelerated uh and uh customized learning phase. What does that mean? That means that we're going to drill down on even more information. We're not just going to leave, you know, make an offer, and.

Then disappear. We're going to actually make the offer, let you guys take advantage of it, and come back and continue to teach you. We're going to teach you more and more stuff, and we're going to try and customize the content that we're teaching to give you uh the biggest bang for your buck. All right?

So if if that's fair,. Then let's go ahead and look. At um this uh the emotions of the face. Let me share screen.

And if for some mysterious reason we should have all kinds of uh technical snafuss like we did. Last time, um just bear with me because. I've got like six different cameras running or not cameras um laptops. one of them will work. So.

Last class we talked about the. First half of this particular diagram, right? Uh. So we talked about skepticism, we talked about joy, we talked about sadness, sorrow, lost love lines, uh grief, right?

Uh humor, bitterness, and did we we did talk about fear? Now my my pen is working. So,. I'm actually going to talk about.

I'm going to. I'm going to revisit fear. Um, when you guys you guys know what an orange peel looks like, you know how they have the little dimples? When you see somebody who's got a lot of repressed fear, you won't usually see lines like this.

This is not and this is what. Lillian taught us in in the actual class. It's it's it's it's done by little um little lines here. But in actuality, what you see when you're dealing with someone who's got a lot of repressed fear are what look.

Like the little dimp let me do this a little little bigger. You've got little dimples like on an orange peel, right? And if you see these little dimples in and around the chin when they're not making a face, when the face is relaxed, um this is someone who's been holding on to a lot of repressed fear. Okay.

Um. Last class. I also talked a lot about um these three traits. Uh dis um this is bitterness.

I'm sorry. This is over nurturing. This is disappointment. And this is bitterness.

Now, each of these can appear on the face by themsel,. But when they show up together, that's when things can get a little a little dicey. And and here's what. I mean.

People who have these over nurturing lines, they tend to have been have grown up either intentionally or by default believing that if they just keep giving to the world that the world will give back in kind. Okay. And what happens is is they keep giving and they keep giving and they keep giving. Now, sometimes they're they're caregivers and their home health aids or they're they're they have a parent or a a spouse who has a lot of um health issues and they're just giving and giving and giving.

But a lot of times with these particular markings which are often related to the large intestine by the way um those those markings indicate somebody who has been giving of themsself over and over and over again waiting to get back and has not been receiving to the degree that they're giving from their perspective and from their body's perspective. And. So what happens is after a certain amount of time these people will start to experience a growing level of disappointment. Now, disappointment can be seen by a wrinkle traveling from the corner of the mouth down through um down through the uh to towards the lower lip.

Now,. I have to. I have to go back on this one a little bit and and clarify there's a difference in in in face reading. Let me put a smaller line here.

There is a difference between a downturned mouth and a disappointment wrinkle. Oh,. I'm sorry you guys aren't seeing. I'm sorry.

I'm my bad. All right, let me do this again. All right,. So once again, uh let me erase and do this again.

So in face reading we have two different traits that can manifest um at the corner of the mouth. You have disappointment. Let me let me me uh you have disappointment which can be seen by a wrinkle that travels from the edge of the mouth downward. But sometimes the person won't have a wrinkle.

They'll just have a mouth that's just kind of have a has a downturn to it. This is somebody who is a bit more on the pessimistic side. They're more on the um the half empty versus half full side of life. So they're not the same trait,.

But. But. I've seen face readers often confuse one for the other. So when you look.

At a person's um oh just just on a a little funny note, sometimes you'll see these disappointment lines uh for on people who have children who just continually don't do what the the parents want them to do. I have these um because my children are constantly finding ways to circumvent my rules and disappointing me. So. I have these all the time, right?

Um. But again, when you see that that line traveling down from the corner of the mouth, this is someone who's experienced a lot of disappointment in their life. And it's not disappointment that they're expressing. That's the thing we need to understand.

When we look. At these lines on the face, these are not things people are expressing. These are things people are uh stuffing, denying um regressing or or repressing down. So no, for you know 18 plus years of of working with um of working with repressed emotion, nobody nobody ever came to me because of something they were expressing ever.

No. Chronic illness. I've ever worked with was because somebody was uh getting rid of right? Uh.

So. Denise is asking there are sometimes are they different on the right. Or left? Yes, we covered that in the uh in the.

Last webinar. But. I'll just. I'll just put it out there really quick.

So you guys can take notes. The right. Side. So ri your right.

Hand touch the right. Side of your face and say public. Right. Side of your hand or right.

Hand right. Side of your face say public. Take the left side of your hand or your left hand touch it to the left side of your face. say private or personal or intimate. So public, private.

So when you look. At these lines, any of the lines. I'm showing you right. Now, the.

First thing you want to you want to start to gauge, are the lines symmetrical? What does that mean? Well, if. I look.

At the right. Side disappointment line versus the left side disappointment line, are are they the same depth? Are they the same length? Right?

The more symmetrical they are, the more pervasive that particular set of emotions is, the more depth and length a particular emotion has on one, it tells you where the majority of that is being experienced. So if. I have someone who has a very uh strong public face. But a very strong disappointment marking here, it's a pretty safe bet that something in their professional life or their external world uh where they relate to the public is not as satisfying as what's going on when they get home.

And you can flip the script on that. So remember, right. Is public, left is private. We're looking at depth and length.

Okay. Lacy's asking how to differentiate between lines from physical injury, scars, accidents, and natural facial characteristics. Scars are pretty easy to tell. Um they have a different kind of tissue to them,.

But most of the um the markings with the exception of moles to a certain degree, and you have to look. At moles a little bit differently, um most of those will be either extra jing or they will be some kind of energy blockage. So, if you've got um let's see, what's a good one? [Music] um like a a mole up here is is usually good luck,. But sometimes if you've got a mole like on the tip of your nose where you have the river of life flowing, that can actually work as an energy block.

So, it's interesting that, you know, this isn't a class on jing, which we'll talk a lot more in. Chinese 5 and face reading. Um,. But anything that deviates or cuts through or or blocks um a flow can have significant impacts on your your behaviors and manifestations.

Okay, that that was a very deep question,. Lacy, and. I want to go deeper into that,. But it's it's not the focus of where we're going tonight.

Melissa's asking, "What about health nuts? People take lots of supplements that heal the skin and use sunblock protection.". Okay. So, the environment will absolutely impact your face,.

But what you'll notice is that the obvious signs of aging are act most of the time, and this is something that my wife and. I came to clinically, and. Then. Lillian confirmed it from a.

Chinese face reading perspective. Most of the markings that people manifest or or believe are aging are actually signs of emotional toxicity. I've literally seen pictures of people uh who when they. First started training with.

Lillian looked like they were 40 or 50 years old. And when. I've met these people in their 60s or se all those lines are gone and they've had no. They've had no.

Plastic surgery of any kind. All they've done is the emotional clearing work that comes from uh learning to do this facial. It's amazing how. I've seen people again.

I. I can't talk about supplements and things of that nature. I'm talking to you strictly purely about what happens when you start to clear the emotional toxicity that's b that's that's imprinted on the face. I've.

I've literally had clients who started the session with no. Eyebrow bone like nothing. And. Then all of a sudden we we resolve all the limiters to why they've been holding themselves back, why they've been feeling repressed. and boom, instant.

Franken. Brow, 90 minutes done. Right? There's all kinds of other factors,.

But what. I've seen over and over again is that when you start to unpack the markings and the wrinkles in the face, when you find the emotional toxicity that these are indicators of, those markings fade. Okay? And.

I've seen scars fade, too. Okay? Um, yes, something like that. the scars can affect you. Yes, absolutely.

And we. I could spend. I could play what if questions all day long. That is not where we're need to go.

But. I'll tell you what, type those questions in the in the uh the comment section of the chat and. I'll point you to the relevant texts and things of that nature. Okay.

So, are we are we clear on these over nurturing lines? These are actually, by the way, don't be surprised many times when you see these markings a lot of times if they have some kind of intestinal issue going on. IBS,. Crohn's disease, ciliac, um, irritable.

Yeah,. I said irritable bone. Things of that nature. Okay.

Um, disappointment lines. The. Next line. I want to talk about are bitterness lines.

And these are really important. People were asking about smoking. Most people turn to smoking as a way to res resolve stress and feel comfortable. Why are they feeling com why why are they feeling uncomfortable?

Usually because they're tired, they're stressed out, and they're very, very upset. And. So what can happen is if you see um disappointment,. I'm sorry, um over nurturing, disappointment, and.

Then these lines start to show up. um we need to really in my opinion again you will avoid taking this as any form of diagnosis or or or prediction of any kind. But when. I see these three traits showing up together to me that's almost always a recipe for some kind of chronic terminal illness usually cancer. Um because what happens a lot of times is is is the the over nurturing continues and continues and it doesn't get better and you see and they see people just getting away with not giving back and it it it builds up inside of them.

The disappointment mounts and that turns into bitterness and. Then from bitterness they they actually tend to lapse into hopelessness. And. So they start the body starts looking for a way out.

And if the person can't find a way to resolve those feelings, which if they're if they're marking like this, they're not these are things they're not expressing. They're not being proactive to to deal with the lifestyle situations and circumstances that are causing this. Okay? At some point, they're going to the body's going to start looking for an exit strategy.

And usually that's when it'll manifest some kind of terminal or chronic illness. So when. I see these markings, uh, the over nurturing, the disappointment, and the bitterness,. I'm like, we got to get this guy.

We got to get this this man or woman. We got to get them clean. We got to get them venting and purging. And when we do that, right, those markings start to fade.

But the problem is as a therapist is, you know, we there's only. So much that we can do because if they're going back to the same exact environment that caused these problems in the. First place, you may be playing volleyball between the treatment room and the environment. So, you got to watch out for that.

Okay? you know, you have to you have to be careful of scope of practice,. But that's actually one of the reasons why being a face reader um can be helpful rather than being a doctor because you can give people, you know, sometimes people ask for advice and you can tell them, look, this is the environment you're in. You need to uh uh energy marionette line,. I think you mean marionette lines, energy healing aesthetician.

Marionette lines, uh as. I always taught them, uh there's actually two versions. There's the ones that come down from the nose and there's ones that come down to the chin. I'll talk about both of those.

Um, these are called we we'll get to those in a minute. Um, you have to recommend that they find a way to change that environment or give them the tools and the resources. If you're a hypnotist, this is really important. Give them the tools and resources they need to be able to express what they want and need safely, right?

Um, you know, remember your job as a therapist is to is to build the client up and give them the tools,. But they have to use them. And that's kind of the the sad part sometimes is you get somebody who they're just coming to get a house cleaning,. But they're not willing to actually behaviorally change the things that are causing this.

And. So you're you're sometimes it's stalemating it at best,. But the universe usually finds a way to to shake things up. Um,.

So has this been helpful? Has this been useful? This means yes. This means no.

Cool. Okay. All right. Let's go back to our facial map because again,.

I want to. I want to get through this as much as. I can. So.

I can start on the elemental work um as soon as we get back from part two. All right. So, let me go to my draw, clear these out. And for those of you who who who want this map, um.

I do not own the rights to this map. This is actually, if. I'm not mistaken, from. Lillian's book,.

Face. Reading in. Chinese. Medicine.

So,. I highly recommend that you uh you grab a copy of that book. If you want to continue at least studying face reading with me because that is a required text on top of all of our manuals. Okay.

Okay. So, we've got fear, we've got disappointment, we've got bitterness. Next one. I want to talk about is purpose.

And this was the one uh. I one of our our our uh. YouTubers. I think.

I think they meant to say marionette lines um. But the act the. But what she meant was marionette lines. Now there are two two lines or two sets of lines that we learn about.

One is on the map here, the other is not. So this one when you see lines that extend from the the the side of the nose, the na the the uh the alani as they call it and extend down, these are called purpose lines. And of the face lines that we want, this is one of the ones that's the most desirable. Right?

This this this line shows somebody who is living their dream. They're living their mission. They're they're moving their life is moving in a direction that is in harmony with what we call your your golden path. Okay.

So, these are lines that that are are actually very very uh auspicious. And the. Chinese will often say that if if you hit your 50s and you don't have these lines, uh you're missing the boat. Something's up.

You're you're off track. You're off course. You need to change that. Now what will of what will happen sometimes is these lines will get super long almost like a fu manchu kind of a mustache right.

But sometimes a different kind of line will manifest and that line looks like this it'll be here and it'll kind of circle the chin. And believe it or not, these lines are related to fear. And the teachings. I had from.

Lillian were that they relate most strongly to fear of death. So if you see someone with these lines that kind of circle the chin, this is someone who's probably when nobody's looking or nobody's paying attention is thinking about the future in a not. So pleasant way or they may have a lot of health concerns or maybe dealing with they may have uh parents or siblings or people close to them going through health stuff and it's caused them to really kind of contemplate their own mortality. So yeah,.

So let's be very, you know, let's make a very clear distinction. This means you're on track. This means you're afraid you're running out of time for whatever reason. Okay, we good with that?

As we would say down,. Seth, are we good with it? Okay. Excellent.

Okay. The. Next line. I want to talk about is an interesting line.

I'm going to change. I'm actually going to change um pictures for this really quickly. We're going to talk about um auditory intuition, blood pressure regularities, uh pain lines. Uh.

But the. First two are going to be important. So, one of the things that if you looked at that picture, and. I actually have these,.

So. I'm. I'm pretty. I'm pretty well verssed in this.

If you have lines, like little wrinkles, almost like gills that appear in front of the ear, kind of like this. Sometimes they're a little bit higher,. But usually they're just they're just right. In this zone right.

Here. This is what we call um auditory intuition lines. And what's interesting about auditory intuition is this this particular marking starts out as a sign of trauma. Okay.

Uh people who have this marking when they were growing up, they grew they were growing up in a household that wasn't always safe and they had to ba pay particular attention to what people were saying,. But not just what they were saying, how they were saying it. It was an a verbally, linguistically dangerous environment. And.

So people began to be able to to uh they started to listen to the tone, the timber, um things like that. And they could tell just by how this person said hello, good mood, bad mood, um super anal retentive, not anal retentive, easy going, you name it, right? And and one of the reasons that they developed this was because they had to know how to be able to communicate based on what they interpreted from people's uh voice tones. And.

So they de and. Lillian would talk about. Lillian was married many times which is kind of interesting. Um.

But she could she said she could tell just what kind of day she was going to have by the way her husband's closed the car door when he got home from work every day. Right? Uh. I know in a nancond what my day is going to be like the moment my wife says good morning or calls me on the phone because.

I have these lines. I spent, if you read my bio and. I talk about early times when. I grew up,.

I spent a lot of time being manipulated, lied to, bullied. I. I never felt safe growing up. Ever.

Ever. Um, and. I developed these lines in spades. Now, what's cool about that is that what often starts as a protection device early in life becomes a superpower.

Later on. These people have amazing detectors. they can tell very very um consistently who's full of and who isn't. So these people make good lawyers, good therapists, uh mediators, uh they might even make good spies if you think about it like that, right? So this is a a really interesting line.

Now remember that everything that we we're talking about in. Chinese medicine has an energetic aspect to it. It has an emotional aspect to it, a behavioral aspect,. But it also has a physiological aspect to it.

And that's where this gets really, really interesting. Okay, for me, it was important for me anyway. This may be important for some of you. When you have someone with these markings, these markings rest on an acupuncture meridian known as the triple warmer meridian.

Now, the triple warmer meridian, part of its job is water metabolism. Okay? And. So many times people who develop these lines have a tendency towards dehydration. they're if they're if they're aware of that, they're always drinking.

Right? Now, that's generally not the problem. The problem is if you drink a lot, you pee a lot. You follow me?

You drink a lot, you pee a lot. It's kind of how it works, right? And so, what happens is because they keep drinking and drinking and drinking, they almost always forget to replenish their minerals, their electrolytes. And when you start to run low on electrolytes,.

Then you get all kinds of weird things like, oh, rapid heartbeat, tacic cardia. And people often confuse that rapid heartbeat with anxiety or panic attacks. So, if you have these markings and you you've noticed from time to time you suddenly get this rapid heartbeat out of nowhere. First of all, always see a doctor and.

I'm not diagnosing you in anything,. But take some electrolytes and see specifically magnesium and and potassium and things of that nature uh for a few weeks and notice if the frequency of those rapid heartbeats diminishes and and goes away because. I've noticed when. I'm low on electrolytes for any long period of time,.

I'll start it starts to come back and it reminds me to to hydrate properly, right? So remember that this is a a really good skill set that you develop. It's a faculty that turns on,. But because of how it turns on and where it turns on, it has physiological ramifications.

So if you are one of those people who has rapid heartbeat and you have these markings,. First thing make it simple. Just start supplementing with good healthy electrolytes under your doctor's supervision and see what happens. Okay.

Uh the. Next one. I want to talk about is also on the ears. And this one you'll see a lot of times as little wrinkle.

And. I have these too, by the way. So, uh,. I'm kind of throwing myself under the bus.

So, you'll see sometimes little tiny wrinkles right. In the lobe of the ear. And by the way, this particular cue is also found in. Western medicine.

I think they call it the cardiac notch or something like that. But this when you see these little wrinkles in the tips of the ear, you're looking at somebody who is prone to blood pressure issues, blood pressure and specifically blood pressure irregularities. So sometimes and sometimes it's too high, sometimes it's too low, lots of variability. So you think of it more like instead of c this of having high blood pressure just very erratic blood pressure.

Now what's interesting behaviorally about this particular trait when you see it is these people have an exaggerated response to shock. An exaggerated response to shock. So what do. I mean by that?

All right. So, how many people here have ever been like walking out of a door, walking down a hallway, and somebody just comes out of nowhere and scares the living snot out of you? Anybody ever had that experience? Okay,.

So let's say you're walking down the the hallway, someone comes out and you're the normal average human shock response is about a six or seven, right? someone with these kind of markings, it might jump to a nine or 10. They might be on the verge of passing out for a split. Second because of the the exaggeration of it. Okay?

So, these people have a if somebody insults them or cuts them off in traffic, they're going to tend to take it a little harder than somebody who doesn't have these markings. Okay? Okay. So, if you if you're like me and you have these markings, spend a lot more time meditating and and cleaning up your crap.

So you be and learn how to train yourself through state control to become less and less reactant to external stimuli. Okay. Um, useful, yes. Or yes.

All right. Let's go back to emotions. All right. So,.

Next piece. So, we've talked about um auditory intuition. We've talked about blood pressure regularities. One of the ones.

I want you to be on the lookout for, looks like we're uh starting to get a little funky with the uh starting to get a little funky with the uh. Okay, there we go. When you see lines that start from the outer canthus, the corner of the the eye is known as the canthy. So you have an inner canthy or canthus and you have an outer canthus.

When you have a line that runs diagonally from the outer canthus of the eye moving towards the bridge of the nose, this is a pain line. Now, this is especially important if the person isn't in any obvious physical pain. If they're not in any obvious physical pain and they're manifesting these lines,. Then chances are they've got they've have a lot of internal sometimes emot usually emotional pain that they're actively suppressing.

They they've suppressed it. They've locked it down um in some way and it's got to come out. What you'll see sometimes, and this goes back to some of the things. I taught.

Last class, um remember that we talked about uh lost love lines, right? Lost love lines start at the inner canthus here and they track down through the through the lung area of the face. Sometimes they'll come across and. Then come down.

If these lines are are meeting,. Then this is somebody who's this is probably a good indication of something that was an activity or a relationship that they lost and they're still feeling the pain of it. They're feeling the agony of it. So, let me let's let's make a clarification.

When you see a line, again, this is. David extrapolating. You probably won't find this uh in any of. Lillian's books,.

But uh this is somebody who's grieving. You understand the difference? This person is mourning. This person's suffering.

This person is still feeling the loss. They're still feeling the actual pain that went with that. Might have been rejection, might have been shame, might have been embarrassment, might have been uh the the memory of a physical assault, right? Um.

I don't see these as often outside of people suffering with current physical pain. So when you see these lines,. I always ask, are you you have any kind of uh injury that you're you're working with or working through right. Now?

Right? And a lot of times they'll say no. Or or say yes. The.

Next line. I want to look. At is, you know,. I talked.

I just talked about lost love lines here and. I just talked about there's sadness lines here. The corner of the eye, you have lines that go up and these are joy lines and they only stay they're only designated as joy lines until they reach the eyebrow. When they go past the eyebrow, you are now going into what we call pathological joy.

Pathological joy is often referred to in western terms as mania or hyperactivity. Okay? In fact, we're going to probably talk and this is related to an imbalance in the fire element. So, either uh they got too much fire or not enough um coolant.

In other words, they that uh it's an imbalance between fire and water in the body where there's not enough water to keep the fire under control and they go manic or hyper or depressive versus somebody who's got just way too much fire for the system and they're just going to be super super creative, erratic. A lot of times they're very megalomaniacal. Um,. But this anytime you see a line that's traveling up past up past that um that eyebrow, you're not just dealing with someone who's going to be the life of the party.

They're going to probably be extremely uh sensation seeking. They're going to be in many cases confrontational. They'll uh they're basically uh dopamine junkies. And.

So they're looking for anything that's going to give them a rush, right? These people will stay up for days and weeks at a time, be up at three in the morning on. Twitter, you know, giving comments about people and stuff like that. So, um, there are some very good examples out there of people who exhibit this kind of behavior.

The. Next line we're going to talk about is a transformation line. And this is again is one of the really interesting lines. I see this on a fairly regular basis from time to time.

And this is a line that travels from the uh well it could be anywhere on the forehead. But a lot most of the time it's in this area right. Around the. Third eye level.

And these often manifest as diagonal lines that come up and out. And you see this line in a lot of people who are highle meditators who lead a very deeply spiritual life or have had some kind of spiritual revelation in their life. These are people who've gone through some kind of long deep dark night of the soul and as a byproduct of that when they came out on the other side they had some kind of a revelation or an epiphany that changed them on a spiritual level permanently. And when those mar and when and when those revelations manifest, they will often manifest as he's almost diagonal like almost like the rays of the sun when it's rising.

Right? Now on super high level meditators, super high uh spiritual people, you'll see a slightly different [Music] marking and this one is called. Buddha wings. Um and.

Lillian in fact uh when she was alive would talk about when she met and watched the. Daly. Lama preach or uh. Llama.

Mingmar was one of her one of her teachers. Um and. So a. Buddha wing looks like a wing.

If you can see the. Third eye and it comes up and it kind of flows out like this, right? And it looks like a wing. She said she once saw the the.

Daly. Lama um before he went on stage, watched him while he was on stage, and. Then watched him after. And he said when before the.

Daly. Lama went on, he had he had transformation lines,. But he didn't have very pronounced. Buddha wings.

But when he started to preach and he started to teach and he started to channel his. Buddha nature into the into the room, these lines just started to show up on his. Third eye, right? And.

Then when he stopped teaching and he went back to just being the the head of the. Tibetan system or whatever it was, these kind of faded a bit. So. I have seen these from time to time.

I have seen all kinds of very weird markings on people's faces. Some. I could explain, others not. So much.

So,. I'm always searching. I'm always learning. Uh,.

Denise says, "Those lines show a flirty person, too.". I've never seen those lines on a flirty person. What. I have seen a lot on flirty people are raised eyebrows.

They're not the same. Okay? So, for example,. I don't know if you guys can see me here.

One of the things you'll learn um uh in profiling class, defense against the dark arts, killer influence, is something called the um positive eye contact body language cluster. And it and it's uh positive eye contact uh measurable eyebrow flash and. Duchain wrinkles by the temples. That's how you know someone generally wants to see you and is projecting uh safety.

So a lot of flirtatious people will will do a lot of this. they'll have a lot of eyebrow movement, right? But that's not a. Buddha wing. A.

Buddha wing is actually a wrinkle that manifests. So, uh. I haven't seen. I haven't seen the.

Buddha wing marking show up in a lot of flirty people unless they're very flirty spiritual people. You know, if they're flirting with. God or something,. I don't know.

But, uh. So. I would have to say. I'm.

I'm not sure. I'm. I'm uh. I can support that particular statement,.

Denise. But, you know, send me pictures and. I'll take a look. Um, see.

So, are we good. So far? Is this useful? No.

Will is good. Barbara's good. Ed's good. Okay.

Okay. Useful. AF. Love that.

I love people who drop the bombs, baby. Yeah. All right. Let's finish this up.

So we can get to part two. So, we can go get go through that and get to part three. Alrighty. All right.

So, the. Next set of lines that. I want to share with you, these are not symmetrical. Everything.

I've shown you, uh, let me move some of these windows over. Everything. I've shown you. So far can happen on any side of the face.

I can have joy lines here. I can also have joy lines here. I can have transform. I can have uh mania lines here.

I can have mania lines here. So, everything. I've shown you on the outside of the clock face is symmetrical. It can it can show up on either side.

The. Next ones that we're going to look. At primarily well they only manifest down what we call the river of life. The river of life is this central this central channel that passes pretty much straight down the face.

And you could you could say it goes as wide as the the bridge of the nose. We call this your river of life. You'll learn more about this u in chi class coming up in. April.

So, the. First markings we want to look. At, and these are really important because. I see them a lot.

When you see somebody who has a double line, a double set of wrinkles in here, okay, this is someone currently experiencing or habitually experiencing irritation, annoyance, or impatience. Okay? Or simply. D.

All of the above. These people just want you to get to the freaking point most of the time. They're always in a rush. um they're not on. First glance at least, they're not going to be someone who's going to seem to want to sit still and let you tell a long story,.

But if you tell a good story, you can suck them in anyway. So, for those of you who are influenced trainees, um don't let that that stop you as long as it's the things are relevant to them, they will absolutely pay attention. But these people do want to get want you to get to the point relatively quick. They tend to be stepping on the gas when the light's turning uh uh yellow.

Those kinds of things. Okay. Now, what you'll see sometimes in some people is you'll see three lines. And these are people who've actually learned to manage their impatience.

These people actually figured out how to actually not let it run their lives. Okay. Now, one of the big ones you got to watch out for, one of the big ones you got to watch out for, we got to make this a little bit bigger, is a single line. Now, this noodle this this line, this single line can be very thin or it can be very thick.

I've seen them all. But when you see this line,. I promise you this is somebody who's got some serious anger issues uh towards a sibling, well, actually towards a towards a father or a father towards a son. And this particular um this particular trait often manifests as self-sabotage.

Um, need to need for approval can often be uh passive aggressive and they tend to they tend to have a failure to launch. So, let me let me explain this um from an experiential perspective. When people have this marking, and we're going to learn this actually in part three, this part of your face is related to the wood element of the body. The wood element relates to uh hold on, let me get this out.

The wood element relates to the liver and the gallbladder. So anger is one of the pathological traits of the liver. Resentment is one of the pathological traits of the gallbladder. In fact, the gallbladder is kind of like the scorekeeper of the body.

Now the other thing you need to understand is that there's there's also beneficial energies connect connected to these organs and these these elements as well. So the uh passion and compassion are also connected to the liver. Any form of of energy of achievement, achievement and boundaries is affiliated with the wood element. When you see a line on somebody, and.

I don't care if it's a big thick line like you see here, or if it's a super tiny needle line like that, when you see these lines, what you're seeing is somebody who at some point early in their life, they expressed their anger and just let it let it out. And when they did that, they were. So badly punished for letting it out that they made it an unconscious decision. It's probably conscious at first,.

Then became a very deep level unconscious decision to never get that angry or let that level of power be expressed again. And notice what. I said. Let that level of power be expressed again.

Now this partic this particular part of the face relates to what we call the father's blessing area. In other words, the relationship that you had with the primary young or masculine figure in your life. So when you when it appears here, that is almost always anger directed at the m the dominant masculine archetype in the family. Now we live in a very very different level of cultural awareness.

A lot of woke stuff going on, all those other things. So it. So to just be very clear, if you were raised in a two female family, you could still have this line. Okay?

So whoever was the dominant young masculine energy, the the authority figure that it could be a woman, right? So let's be very clear and. I know this for a fact because. I my my mom my wife and her mom have um some issues that we're working through many times, right?

So. I've seen this. But what happens is is that we there's this big blow up. The person makes a decision.

I'm never going to let that happen again. I'm never going to lose control like that ever again. And they put a governor. They put a block right.

On their power to achieve. Now, at first, that's not a big problem,. But what happens is as you move forward in life, you tend to become more well-known, more more accomplished, things of that nature. People who put a block on their energy will reach a point in their evolution.

They'll reach a point in their journey where that energy block manifests and they can't go beyond it. And when they hit that block, and it can manifest a bunch of different ways. They'll either get angry and have a fight with the person or the the the organization they're a part of, and they'll leave. They'll get super passive aggressive and get themselves fired. uh they'll just lose interest and start something completely new.

So many times these people are very very smart, very very talented and they're a jack of all trades,. But they never seem to get beyond a certain level and they're always trying to prove themselves. Um, and they're always in my in my opinion as a therapist, they're still fighting a battle that happened years ago and because you happen to be the person standing in front of them that represents that figure, you can get targeted with that. Um,.

So when when. I see this line, understand that it may not happen right. Away. It may not manifest immediately,.

But the more energy and the more power and the more accomplished that person becomes, the closer they're going to get to finding some way to remove themselves from the equation, either peaceibly or not. These people have a tendency to be very passive aggressive. So, don't be surprised if they say and do things that cause you to lose your temper. And when you lose your temper,.

Then they get all offended and find a reason to leave. Okay. Is it at the same point as the. Third eye or the pineal gland?

Well, the pineal gland's all the way back here, guys. It's actually in it's actually just below the if. I. I don't have a picture,.

But the. Third eye is up here for sure, right? It's in that. Third eye.

We call this the seat of the stamp. Again, you'll learn this in. April uh when you come to the face reading. Uh this area is a really really important place uh in terms of behavior uh personality uh how a person functions in within an organization organizational dynamic can be seen very very clearly here right.

So a lot of cool stuff. But when you see that line you know if it's a. First date if it's a job interview you might want to start asking about their their history and see if you can notice a pattern in what they're in what they're ch sharing with. Uh.

Brad is asking, "I missed, does the space between a pair of those lines mean something special?". Uh my teacher never really talked about the spacing between the two lines. Uh and. I've seen them take all all configurations. all configured.

I will tell you one thing though, this is not necessarily about patient impatience. Um,. But this is actually something that for you therapists out there, you life coaches, this is something that you may want to pay attention to. Sometimes you'll see a line that looks like it's one of these lines,.

But instead of just stopping here or here, it'll creep down into and and contour the orbital bone. Make this a little bit bigger. And when you see that kind of a wrinkle, this is somebody who's prone to worry, anxiety, and overthinking. Okay,.

So this is this person always has a ton of stuff on their minds and uh and. So their spleen gets a really strong workout. Okay,. Last.

But probably not least for today on the on the emotions. Anyway is disempowerment lines. These are lines that start at around the the. First.

Third of the lower eyelid and they migrate diagonally kind of like pain lines towards the bridge of the nose. Now, my teacher. Lillian called these disempowerment lines, and. I don't.

I understand where she was coming from with that term,. But. I don't think it really encompasses or captures the spirit of what this particular trait means. And it's really important if you see people that are dealing with any form of abuse, especially long-term domestic abuse, sexual abuse, whether it's as a child, a spouse, whatever.

And you see these lines. Let me explain what this means. Um, this is somebody who somebody came along and violated their boundary. Like this person came in, violated their boundary.

And when the person's boundaries got violated, they they tried to fight back. They tried to stand up. They tried to push back. And when they tried to push back, the person who was the transgressor, the violator pushed back even harder and instead of continuing to fight, this person collapsed.

They they they crumbled. They went into appeasement mode. Right? It's okay.

Okay. Whatever you want, just stop hitting me. Please don't hurt me. I'll do whatever you say.

Right? I. I'll make it okay. I'll make.

I'll make it right. Right? And. So these people became become appeasers.

They um again at the risk of of throwing a really good classic television show under the bus. How many people here are familiar with a an old television sitcom called. All in the. Family?

Type it in the chat if you're familiar with. Okay. if you haven't. It's it's it's it was a you know, you got to remember it was done in the 70s and it was all about bigoted white people, right? Or bigoted anyone, right?

But there was one particular character in that show, her name was. Edith. Bunker. She was the wife of.

Archie. Bunker, the prime the main character in the show. And every time. Archie was pissed, you would hear.

Edith from across the house. It's okay,. Auntie. I'll make it better.

It's going to be fine. Just calm down. I'll help. I'll make it better.

Right? That's appeasement. That's that's appeasement in a caricature. Okay.

Now, one of the things you as a therapist, a self-defense instructor have to un say that. We'll talk we talk more about this this particular aspect in defense against the dark arts. But if you see someone with these markings, what can we extrapolate about them? What what what do we know about them?

Just type it in the chat. Fear associated. Okay. Abused.

Okay. They've been emotionally abused. There's a good chance. Now, can you have these lines without being textbook.

Emotionally abused? There it is,. Brad. Right.

There. They'll fold if pressured. So, if you're hiring for a bill, uh, you know, a revenue collector or somebody who has to do a lot of firing, is this going to be a good fit? Right?

From a self-defense perspective, let's assume that some body language cues are unconsciously understood. Do you think if somebody saw these lines, they would know what kind of a fight a person would put up? Right. Edy says they're going to avoid confrontation, avoid conflict at all costs.

These are the people that can sometimes get roofied and never report it. Right? I'm not saying that if you have these lines that that's true for you. I'm saying these are possibilities because what's going to happen is when your boundaries are violated and you put up that resistance and somebody gives you a gives you a bigger one, you're just going to you just want it to stop. you just want to make it go away, right?

But as people, as human beings, we sometimes have to stand up for ourselves no. Matter how much force is being applied. And that's that's something that we as therapists and healers, we can help people find those resources in themselves or at least move them in that direction, right? We can't want the change more than the other person does.

But if we're if we're dealing with someone with some kind of chronic illness and we see these markings,. I promise you at some point you're probably going to be clearing some kind of abuse issue. Okay. So,.

So. I my teacher called these disempowerment lines,. But. I think a better word is appeasement lines.

These are lines that when somebody crosses your boundary and you push back hard enough, they're just going to give you whatever you want. Right. So, uh questions about this before we go into um phase two of our webinar. Okay.

What do spots and zits on the hairline behind the ears on the ears and behind the ears indicate? Usually that's what we call u um internal dampness. Depending on the color, it can be damp heat or cold dampness, stuff like that. We'll talk a little bit about colors in far in part three.

Uh is it both appeasement and hopelessness? No. Um,. I would say it's mostly appeasement.

I would say it's mostly appeasement. Uh, hopelessness. Hopelessness is more related to the heart and to the lungs, despair specifically. So, you would see those in here in in this part of the face usually is grief or sorrow or some manifestation thereof.

No. Problem. All right. So,.

I want you to stop for a moment. We're going to go into phase two of the webinar,. But before we do,. I want you to think of stop for a moment and think about what it what do you want to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's training.

Right? What is it you want to be able to do? I'm moving you. I wanted for the sake of being comprehensive and complete,.

I wanted to finish the emotional map on phase three. We're going to come back and start looking at the elemental side of things, right? and. Then uh. I'll customize it and we'll go from there.

But go ahead and type in the chat the things you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training. And let's go ahead and jump into phase two. Entertain. Oh, you're going to be super entertaining,.

Richard. Um, and with your permission,. I'd like to go ahead and share some stuff with you. First and foremost,.

I'd like you to introduce you to our face reading for fun and profit uh home study course. This is how to read anyone instantly. Uh, and this is primarily a reorganization of the original face reading system that. I was taught.

It's organized. So that you don't need to know anything about. Chinese energetics, five elements or oriental medicine in any way, shape, or form to use it. And if you follow the training, you'll be able to profile person's complete face from the top of the hairline to the chin line in as little as 90 seconds.

And it just gets deeper from there. So this particular course is really not is really all about helping you take your life to the. Next level either through understanding yourself uh helping the ability to read people instantly to learn how to predict their behaviors uh and help more people help themselves right. This to me.

I think uh the face reading system more people need to know it more people need to be doing it because it's such a force multiplier to every form of therapy coaching negotiation mentoring, matchmaking, any place where people need to be compatible, any place where the prediction of behaviors and attitudes that people are most likely to engage in, this is like it's like having cheat codes in in an ethical and honest way. If you want to be the most popular person and sometimes the most feared person in your social circle, this is probably a really good skill set for you to to embody. So you'll wind up helping more people, feeling more confident, powerful, and you ultimately find that the game of life gets a lot easier for you because you know what's coming. You can see how people are going to behave.

It's literally written on their face. And as a byproduct of this, you're going to become more charming, charismatic, and irresistible than you ever thought possible. If you're a hypnotist and you know how to do this, this level of suggestability that you will enjoy with clients is off the charts. If you're a neural linguistic programmer or some kind of counselor and you want higher levels of compliance, higher levels of openness, connection, trust, expectation, this is the program that this will lever all those slides.

Now, this offers that. I'm going to talk to you about is good until. March 25th, 2024 at 11:59 p.m. But don't worry, it's perfectly worth it.

It's at the regular price, right? Um,. So we're going to start with, uh, let me go ahead and move this over here. So.

I can actually read it better. Just going to start with the secrets of face reading home study course. This is a powerful proven real world face reading skills system and psychological uh, interventions process that allows you to read personality, temperament, trauma, and it's a awesome. It's going to teach you to assess temperaments and personalities, thinking and decisions making styles, unlock emotional traumas, their management styles.

We're going to talk a little bit about some of that stuff in part three of the webinar. We'll talk about sexual and romantic compatibility, how people manage money and resources or how they should be managing their money and resources versus what their natural predispositions kind of led them to do. Um, it's easy. You can actually look.

At somebody's nose and figure out their spending habits pretty well. Uh, if you really want to understand yourself better,. I haven't found a better on-ramp into personal transformation and self-directed transformation in the face reading system because the face doesn't lie. The face points you in the direction of what you need to explore, what you need to unpack, what you need to release.

And if you have the skills, which we're going to make sure that you have,. Then you'll be able to do that consistently any time, anywhere, under any circumstance for pretty much any reason. So, that being said, um if you want to be able to predict human behavior to a high degree, and. Then influence it, um this is what you want to learn about.

Uh if you want to be the most fascinating person in the room and never be fooled again,. Oo, that's big. Okay, there actually is some very valid, very powerful ways of using face reading as a form of lie detection. I wouldn't uh.

I would combine it with other. Oops. I would combine it with other methods,. But um still very very powerful.

So, this is a $1,997 value,. But we're not going to stop there. Obviously, this is the beginning, the the belt buckle, if you will, the nexus of a much more comprehensive and robust set of skills. So, we're going to include for you these special bonuses.

And these bonuses include our our number one. NLP course worldwide, defense against the dark art, speed profiling, influence, and counter manipulations home study course. Um, this is a really really uh this is usually a main offer in some of our other webinars,. But we thought this was such an important uh framework for applying face reading to protect yourself and and and the people you care about that we had to include this as part of your face reading package.

So, you'll learn how to think like a master influencer and how to avoid being the target of a master influencer. We'll talk about victimology. We'll talk about how what do these evil influencers look. For?

What kind of pain points? What kind of facial cues and characteristics? What kind of lifestyle signals do they do? They target you or they target.

So that they can influence you at your weakest. We're going to teach you how to control your own emotional state. So no. One else can do it for you.

This is a really really in fact if there was a. Jedi skill in. Planet. David, it would be this combined with the power rapport skills that.

I'm about to talk about. When you ha when you have a full grasp of the of the emotional state control training, no. One will ever be able to push your buttons for any length of time ever again. You'll be able to enter or exit or chain any set of emotional states you want at will automatically.

You'll be able to take that skill, that skill set, combine it with power rapport, and be able to actually link to somebody else's nervous system. Kind of like syncing up a. Bluetooth and actually prime them to think, feel, and behave a certain way based on your own body feelings. We talked we we we have the saying that the fastest way to change somebody's behaviors or decisions is to change their body feelings.

The fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours first. And that's what level two and three of of this bullet this bulleted list is all about. How to think like a master of influence. How to control your own emotional state.

How to link those emotional states to the states of other people and influence those before you even open your mouth for the benefit of everyone. Now, what if you had magical powers? What if you had an ability to simply speak a few words and in the minds of your subject cause anything you want or make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener. That's what the.

First pattern we're going to teach you is all about. What if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener? Even if those things had absolutely zero in common, right? Right?

What if we could take some of those markings on the face and change how people thought about them. So that they could release them faster and get healthier quicker? What if we could say that you change the cause of of a particular marking and say, "Well, it's not really this that caused this, it's this.". And with that change, give them abilities and access to resources that would let them kill uh clear those emotions faster.

Right? This is what. I'm talking about. Um, language pattern three.

What if you had the ability to change a person's focus of attention in such a way that they would only pay attention to the things you described or name and ignored everything else? On top of that, what if you had the ability to make their unconscious mind just run a program or a process whether their conscious mind wanted to or not? Right? That's just part four and five of what you're going to be able to do with these powerful hypnotic language patterns.

What if you had the ability to make any internal movie that a person's running in their head or their heart be exactly what you describe with a 0% chance of making a mistake? What if that were possible? That's what the. First six superpowers in the the hypnotic language pattern module will teach you.

Okay. Uh what if you had the ability to literally extract a person's internal behavior code? Remember we said everything that human beings do has a process, a pattern. What if we could extract that pattern, put a decision or an action or behavior that we want or need them to make into that structure, feed it back to them, and have them actually just take it in and and do it like you would enter a command into your.

GPS or a program. That's what level six of this process or seven process is. What if we could take a person's own emotional needs and wants and the rules by which they define that they're getting those things and bond it to whatever behavior, product or service you want to do that with and do it in a completely ethical and honest way. That's the influencing part of defense against the dark arts.

This is our core uh killer influence. NLP ultra protocol. But we're not going to stop there because. Defense.

Against the. Dark. Arts is all about protecting yourself and your loved ones from unethical influence. So, of course, there's more to this.

What if we had the master keys for how to read anyone instantly? What if we could look. At somebody and instantly have a a long not a laundry list,. But a checklist, if you would, in our head of the most common indicators of deception.

We have actually have we actually have two of those in the class. One is called the use deception indicator scale. The other is called the. Hansen 15.

So we'll teach you the fundamentals of kinesisic interview and interrogation and how to look. At body language and interpret it towards and away from positive or negative uh comfortable or uncomfortable and. Then the the top 15 to 30 techniques that are cues that let you know somebody has a high probability of being deceptive. Okay, that's where we're going to teach that's one of the things you're going to learn.

We're going to teach you how to spot sociopaths, narcissists, and other evil predatory a-holes. These are people who find ways in to infiltrate your life and do horrible things to the people you love and care about. We're going to show you how to look. For them, the flags to to spot, and what to do about them when they actually show up.

We're going to talk about speed profiling secrets for preventing predators from getting their hooks into you in the. First place. We're going to talk about predatory psychology and how these people actually sort for their victims. What are the c tactics and the traits that they look.

For? What are the most common methods that they use? Right? We'll talk about and we talk this is also teached this in soulmate secrets.

We'll talk about why sometimes the worst characteristics in a person look. Like their best that that blows people's minds, right? But a lot of times possessive looks a lot like uh caring and conf and um condescending looks a lot like confident or know or knowing what you want. We'll show you how how to how to sort those things out once and for all.

You're going to get the 21 conversational red flags narcissists and sociopaths use to avoid taking responsibility for the events they cause and how to instantly turn the tables on them. You'll also be uh introduced to how to instantly spot microexpression changes and subtle cues and many more bonus chapters on psychological tactics and influence. Total price on this is is uh or value on this is $1,997. We're going to the total combined value between face reading for fun and profit level one and uh defense against the dark arts is $3,994.

But as you can probably guess, we're not done yet. We have uh for those of you coming up, for those of you who are more therapeutically oriented, we're going to include one of our most powerful alchemical process programs ever. This is our identity by design hypnotherapy home study course. This was recorded live.

It comes with the manual and it's going to teach you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind. You'll literally gain the ability to hypnotize anyone, anytime, anywhere, under any circumstance, for any reason. We're going to teach you how to systematically remove the blocks and limiting beliefs that your clients and you did not even know you had. So you can replace it with something better.

We're going to teach you how to find and remove the hidden negativity and retention rules. In other words, when people create a uh an a traumatic memory or a a limiting belief, they often have certain reasons for holding on to that trauma or limiting belief. And if you don't deal with that that reason for holding on to it, the body will fight you and will not let go of the trauma. So we teach you how to neutralize that.

So the the body's happy to let that trauma go once and for all. We call that specialized negativity clearing. We're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away. This goes back once again to the safety lessons that people often attach to their traumatic memories.

If you've ever had a problem that you've went to somebody for, they've done an intervention and it went away and came back later, you've got safety lessons. If you've ever had a an issue that you've went to somebody for and maybe it was at a seven, eight, nine, 10 and you went through the process of clearing and clearing and clearing and. Then it hit like a one or two and. Then it just stopped moving.

You've got safety lessons from our perspective. We'll show you how to systematically remove that stuff in yourself,. But most and even more importantly, we'll show you how to remove it for your clients and the people you care about, too. If you've ever had to deal with a crappy voice inside your head that just tells you all the reasons why you don't deserve success, why you shouldn't invest in yourself, why you can't be successful, a voice that tears you down instead of build you up.

If you're tired of that voice and you want to know how to change it in yourself and change it in your clients, your your your mentees, your and. So forth, that's phase four of the identity by design process. It's going to go in. It's going to clear out that voice and it's going to replace it with a voice that tells you all the reasons why you deserve to have it.

That reminds you that you're always loved. You're always good enough. You're always accepted, protected, forgiven for all wrongs, real or imagined, and you're never ever alone. When we did this on our.

Last. Identity by. Design class. Last week, the transformations were off the charts.

This is one of the most powerful transformational methodologies we've come up with. and you're going to learn how to do it. You're going to experience it and your clients are going to be blown away by the changes that that are going to roll out as a byproduct of this particular process. Right? We're going to teach you how to systematically dissolve and drain all the negativity from your past memories.

So that when you look. Back on the past, which is something all of us do before we do something in the future, we look. At our past to see what we've done. But now when you look.

Back on the past, you'll only remember the your life in the ways that make your life better. You'll only remember it in ways that ex excite you and inspire you and energize you to go go for the things, right? Uh and. Then finally, we're going to teach you how to do this for yourself and.

Then for your clients. How to install in your own mind and body the same qualities, characteristics, and attributes of people who you truly admire, of people who you want to be more like, right? Uh the technical term for this is called deep trance identification. You may have also heard of it called the.

Reichov effect. Or for those of you who are more into current self-help books, you may have heard of something called the alter ego effect. We'll show you how to build these things, install them into your own mind and body. So that you can activate them and have them active whenever you want to in your own life.

Okay? It's a $1,497 value. We're going to give this to you free because we don't want you to just be the person who can diagnose what's going on through a person's face. We want you to have the ability to confirm what the face is telling you and to clean it out and resolve it once and for all.

And that's why we included this course as part of your your get it all done package, right? It's one thing to talk about that people need to fix or point things out to them. It's another thing to actually have the tools and the skills and the abilities to do that yourself without having to refer them out. Now, if you want to refer people out, that's fine.

But if you want a one-stop shop, want to be able to from soup to nuts, fix what's broken or fix what needs fixing, this is going to let you do that. And it's going to add massive, massive bumps to your revenue stream. It's a $5,491 value. These same techniques, by the way, are used by the uh olymp the.

US. Olympic swim team. They've been using them for like at least eight years that. I know of.

Uh they learned them from one of my students,. Joanie. Nati. um and uh and they've been super super powerful. Okay,.

But we're not done. For those of you who are really into body language and for the ability to read people, we've talked about the face, right? We've talked about um the language of deception,. But what about the rest of the body?

What about how people stand? What about how people are dressing? What about how uh how they're sitting? What kind of body language can we learn from that?

What can we extrapolate from that? So,. I'm including this special two-day intensive that. I try.

I talk called people reading for fun and profit body language secrets. During this program, we're going to teach you what's going on from the neck down. In fact, some of the five element stuff we'll be talking about um in part three of the webinar is actually really useful with this stuff as well. So, we'll teach you how to read people's body languages and expressions to understand the body language of attraction.

You know, most people go through a five-stage attraction process. And if you can read those five stages, you can pretty much write your own ticket with the people of your choice. We're going to teach you how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors based on how their people move their bodies towards and away from, open or closed. Right?

We're going to teach you how to influence people without words. One of the coolest things we taught at. Identity by. Design was what we call the internal rocking sensation versus the external rocking sensation. and that you can actually uh cause people to go into a deep deep trance just by rocking yourself in a certain way.

It's really kind of fun. If you want to understand men better, ladies, we'll show you how to do that. Men, if you want to understand women better, we're going to show you how to do that because it's actually really important to understand that there's a translation issue uh from one gender to the next. I don't care what your gender orientation is, what your gender preference is.

There are certain behaviors, certain uh fundamental aspects to the way you guys process,. I'm using the editorial guys, by the way, the way you people process data from the other genders that can cause you to mistransate what's being attempted at being communicated. And if we don't understand how to fix that translation, we're going to be uh at the on the wrong end of somebody's bad impression more often than not. So, it's really important to understand how the other gender interprets certain types of body language, certain types of speech,.

So you can engineer your communications to be more fulfilling and effective. We're going to teach you how to eliminate uh the behaviors that weaken your influence. Uh things like when you're sitting at a table and you're constantly touching your face. Uh touching your face in a conversation tends to weaken your credibility and influence, right?

Uh we're going to show you how to dress for success. One of the early mentors was a woman named. Taylor. Sinclair.

And uh one of the things that she taught us was that uh there's a certain hierarchy of dress that are is fairly universal in in at least. Western culture. And we're going to teach you what that looks like. So you can decide you can engineer what level of social status you want to exude in any particular uh venue or any particular context or environment.

Sometimes coming in with too much status or dressed at such a too high a status level will actually weaken and undermine your ability to influence and persuade because it just doesn't fit right. And vice versa. So these things are important and these are things a lot of people don't think about too much beyond should. I wear a red power tie or a blue power tie or a yellow power tie, right?

That that's it. There's a little bit more going on. So we're going to give you a little bit of a deep dive into that. Total value is $1,497.

We're going to give this to you free. Total combined value. So far is $6,988. So, let's just review what we've got here.

You're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at $1,997. You're going to get the speed profiling defense against the dark arts absolutely free value of $1,997. You're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at $1,497. We're going to give that to you absolutely free.

You're going to get the people reading for fun and profit two-day intensives a $1,497 value. We're going to give this to you absolutely free and. So total value is $6,988. Now,.

I want you guys to have the best deal humanly possible. Okay? I want you guys to do this. We need more people like you out here using these skills, learning these skills, and helping people rescue themselves and get themselves out of the that they put themselves in, either from bad programming, too much time uh being locked in their house, whatever.

We want you to be on the forefront of the people to have this. So, you're not going to have to pay $6,988. Okay? We're not even going to even if we knocked it down by half, it would still be a great deal.

But we're not even going to charge you that. We're not even going to charge you $1,497, although it would be a freaking good deal at that. For those of you who want to get started, those of you who want to really uh get the fast track to taking your practice, whatever that is, to a higher level, to being more socially under uh socially able, more charismatic, more attractive, able to make better hiring decisions, better team decisions, um to find and match people up better sexually and romantically. You don't have to pay $1,497.

You can get it all today for one low installment of $9.97. Or if you want, you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each. And all you got to do to get yours is go to uh click this link right. Here, www.nlopower.comface.

That's www.nlopower.comfacce. Click the link right. Now. So you can reserve your spot because as you can probably figure out,.

I'm not done yet. So, there might be some other goodies coming your way that if you click that link right. Now, you'll get them before they're all gone. Okay.

Now, for those of you who are wondering, "Oh,. I don't know,. David. I'm a little iffy.

I don't know.". Well, here's the thing. You don't have to believe me. Click your link now.

Test this material. Go out, start reading faces for a full 60 days. Start reading your own face for a full 60 days. If at the end of 60 days you're not convinced that you're on the fast track, you've got the the for lack of a better word the cheat codes to understanding people better to reading their personality instantly.

If you're not using those skills or being able find yourself able to attract use those skills to attract more success and manifest the life of your dreams,. I'll refund all your money. Right? If you're not, if these skills are not helping you read people faster and better.

So you can feel more confident, more secure, confident, and powerful, and you're not winning more socially,. I'll refund every dime you invested in this program. But. I know for a fact that if you apply this training and you go out and you start using this,.

I don't care if you're at. Starbucks,. I don't care if you're you're at uh. Barnes &.

Noble, any place where people congregate, uh you are going to be the bell of the ball. You're going to be the life of the party. People are going to line up out the door to hear what you have to say. And the best part is you may need to tell people what you know.

You can just move through the world reading everybody like a book. And avoiding all kinds of crap because you know what to look. For. Right?

Every decision in your life can be better as a face reader. Okay? So, if after 60 days, let's say 59 days, you're not convinced it's not working for you for whatever reason, just pick up the phone, give. Moss or me a call, we'll refund every dime you invested.

You have absolutely nothing nothing to lose here. Just click that link right. Now. Click it now. www.nlpower.comface.

Click your links before all the special bonuses. I haven't told you about yet are all gone. Okay. What what special bonuses,.

David? Well,. I'm glad you asked, right? As if this wasn't enough, uh we're if you grab your course before.

March 25th, 2024, we're going to also include these special fast action bonuses. First and foremost, we're going to give you the one thing that turns you from zero to hero once you have the course, and that's the ability to practice, the opportunity to work with other people just like you who want to learn how to get better at this stuff. Right? Uh since.

October of 2010, we have run the. NLP. Power. Mastermind mentoring practice group and the archive that goes with it.

We get together on the. Third. Saturday of every month and. I literally go around the room and.

I say, "Jake, what do you want to learn? Rob, what do you want to learn? Matt, what do you want to learn? Moss, what do you want to learn?

Teresa, what do you want to learn? Holly, what do you want to learn? Jax, what do you want to learn? Seth, what do you want to learn?".

And. I just go right. Through like like. Last class, we had like 40 people, almost 30 40 people in the class.

And. I ask them what they want to learn for that day. And. I look.

At what they've written. I find the connecting threads. And. Then for the.

Next four to six hour, six to eight hours depending on the day. I drill you on those skills until you can use them in your sleep and. Then you go out into the world and you apply those skills. Now you will not get a uh you will not get a certificate from participating in the.

NLP power mastermind. What you will get is the one thing that makes all the certifications worth having the ability to actually do this. Right? My job in the in the mentoring program is to help you troubleshoot the stuff that you need help with, to give you an opportunity to practice.

Now, if you're local to the. San. Diego area, you actually have the opportunity to come to my office and train in person while everybody else is virtual or streaming, right? So, if you're in the.

San. Diego,. Los. Angeles,.

Arizona area, and you you don't mind driving, you can come over and you can train with us in person for no. Extra price. In fact, this is a free bonus. We're going to give you three months of this.

Now, we've also videotaped. I should say. I say videotaped because when. I started this, we were still using videotape, right?

But we've video recorded every single practice session that we have done since. October of 2010. And we've archived that those videos uh 13 years worth on the. NLP power website.

We've archived them on our private. Facebook. Group. and we've archived them, parts of it in our uh platinum and uh above members area in the uh in the. YouTube uh channel.

You're going to get the ent as part of your 90-day membership, you're going to get unlimited access to the entire 13-year video archive. 99% of this stuff has never been put out in a. YouTube video to the public. It's never appeared in any form of product. It is completely virgin.

The only people who can access that archive are the mastermind mentoring members in group in in good standing. So if you want to binge watch stuff that's 13 years worth of stuff on everything from dating and attraction to face reading to manifestation to accelerated learning to trauma resolution to hidden laws of attraction um uh handwriting analysis uh psychic skills, energy work, you name it. remote influencing, remote viewing, it's all in there, right? Uh the only problem that that you'll have is a knowing where to start. Um and because the the curriculum on a month-to-month basis is member driven, there's there will be quite a bit of repetition because a lot of people have the same uh questions,.

But every now and. Then somebody will ask a question that's some that pulls out some solid gold. So, there's a lot of lot of good stuff in there. You can binge watch it for an entire 90 days absolutely free.

It's a $1,997 value. If the end at the end of the 90-day membership, if you decide you want to stay because you love the people, and. I do, uh,. Then we'll show you how to extend your membership, right?

Total combined value is $8,985. I see the questions and hopefully. Moss and. Mia can ask those or or uh answer those questions while.

I continue to talk. But we're not done yet. If you click that link right. Now, we're also going to show give you face reading level two, face reading for fun and profit home study course.

This will take teach you everything that uh you learned in face reading one and a whole lot more. The difference though is face reading one we actually released that during. COVID face reading. So everything we did was above the mask.

So it was designed to be able to be used while people were wearing a facial mask. Face reading two was everything below the mask. Everything that was covered by the mask, the profiles, the the ear shapes, all of those things. So, we'll we go even more in depth into the.

Chinese and into the energetics of it, into the different facial characteristics, what they mean, how you combine them, how to profile. We'll talk about sec, you know, different how how lips can how different configurations of people's lips can actually um project how they handle sexual and romantic boundaries, how generous they are, uh how how willful they are, how stubborn they are, how fast they make decisions, how how slowly they or quickly they take action. These are all things that you will learn in face reading level two based on your ability to look. At people from a profile, right?

Their their risk tolerance, their financial risk tolerance versus their physical risk tolerances, how bossy they are, how um prone to accumulating wealth they might be. These are all parts of face reading level two. It's a $1,997 value. Comes with actually two manuals uh because there's a lot of stuff in there. uh combined is total of $10,982.

We're going to give this to you free when you click your link right. Now and just go ahead and grab your course. And up until recently, this was never released um on our website. So now, for the.

Next 21 people to register today,. I got something else. I want to share with you. Right, our.

Next five element face reading for fun and profit mega training. This is a combination of my uh regular five element face reading, my modern five element face reading training combined with the five element system. I was originally taught and energetic building, managing and regulating practices. We're actually going to start teaching you about things like jing and chi and shen and how you can begin to not only balance your elements, you can you can clear stuff out, you can build your own energy, you can start to really become powerful on a chi level or a shen level or even on a on a jing level.

You know,. I. I can show you what to do. I can show you how to do it,.

But. I can't do it for you. So, this is going to be uh. David's just going to pull out all the stops and for three days, you and me are going to dive head.

First into the wonderful world of five element energetics, face reading, uh personality, temperament, and behavior. All right, it's. April 26 to the 28th, uh 2024. Um and.

I believe an hybrid option is available. Um this particular this is what we call a. VIP super ticket, and. I want to talk about that.

Um the discounted price is for first-time buyers only. And the way the. VIP super ticket works is uh you get to come to any training that you have a that that has a designated uh. VIP ticket.

That ticket does not expire. So if you can't make the. April 26 training,. But you do have uh this.

VIP ticket in our database,. Then you can use it for the. Next face reading training because. Last uh.

Last webinar. I also offered uh the uh a choice. You could do five element face reading or you could do the five-day defense against the dark arts training. Uh if you have a.

VIP ticket and you think that you would rather learn defense against the dark arts instead,. Then we'll let you use that. VIP ticket towards one or the other. But this is the the.

VIP tickets at the current price of 997 are for first-time buyers only. If you if you've used one of our webinar packages before, there are other ways that you can get a a nice big discount on these. VIP tickets,. But you'll have to talk to.

Moss directly. or speak to. Mia and they can put that number in the chat. So, um this is again this is a live face reading certification and. I will be bringing random people in and.

I'll be encouraging you to read people's faces all throughout the hotel, right? Um and we'll go from there. It's a $3,150 value. And uh you again went this is actually the write up for uh.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts.

But um yeah, total value is $14,132. But wait, there's more. Some people just want my help to fix their stuff. So, for the.

Next 15 people who click this link, we are going to bundle with everything else that. I've shown you a free. VIP ticket. This is this can only be used for this this intensive.

By the way, uh a. VIP ticket to our. Next online virtual healing intensive with yours truly,. Dr.

David. This is three days of unstoppable transformation and healing practices that. I will personally be guiding you through. I promise you that you will you will come into this training one way and you will leave in a very very different way uh going forward and it's going to be an amazing experience for most people.

We tested this for the. First time a couple months ago and people absolutely loved it. Now. I will tell you right.

Up front that if you're looking for certification, if you're looking for things that you can do with clients, that is not the focus of this workshop. This workshop is strictly and completely for you. It's designed to help you to target, isolate, and remove the stuff that's holding you back in any aspect of your life and to help you install and put in the things you want and need to become the best version of yourself humanly possible. It's me and my skill set and you and a and a small group of people going through three days of just one transformation after another.

Okay, there is u these these intensives will never be a product uh because of the personal nature of the the information that we're we're we're going to be helping you guys clear. We will have a a very highly trained staff. If there's people who need individualized attention from time to time, they will be available. People.

I would trust with any client that came to me for help. you know,. Holly and. Heather and and. Moss.

Uh. I don't know who else we might have on the in the lineup,. But uh. Seth will probably be there as well.

So, these are people who are highly highly trained and. I have repeatedly thrown to the wolves and they have completely consistently tamed those wolves and turned them into loving puppies,. So to speak. U.

So they are highly highly competent and highly highly trained. But if you're looking for something uh the fast track to change and transformation, if you want to if you want to get unstuck. But good,. Then grab click that link right.

Now and uh jump in for the uh the. Next 3-day uh virtual healing intent. And this is virtual. There is no.

Live training for this. It will all be done through. Zoom. So you don't have to leave your house.

You don't have to travel. You don't have to pay for any expensive hotels or anything like that. April 12th to the 14th, completely online. It's a $1,497 value and it's three full days of personal healing practices, dissolving negativity you didn't even know you had, getting rid of physical and emotional pain and resolving traumas, phobias, and self-sabotage, putting a dead stop halt to procrastination, and destroying limiting beliefs once and for all, and a whole lot more.

All right, all you got to do, get yours, total value for that is $15,629. Do the math, folks. Balance that out, right? And let's look.

At what we got just to kind of sum it all up for you. Got secrets of face reading home study course guide at $1,997. You have defense against the dark arts home study course $1,970 value. We're going to give that to you free.

You got the real world hypnosis identity by design home study course at $1,497. We're going to give that to you free. You got the people reading for fun and profit home study course. Everything below the mask.

Um. I'm sorry, that's uh for the the body. everything below the neck around $1,497 value. We're going to give that to you free. You're going to get the three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power mastermind mentoring program, plus the 13-year archive, $1,997 value, completely free. You're going to get the face reading for fun and profit level two home study course below the mass training, $1,997 value. And you're going to get that. VIP super ticket, five element face reading for fun and profit.

Or if you prefer, you can swap it out for the. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Art. I'm sorry, the. NLP. Ultra 5day training coming up in uh.

May 2026. When you call. Moss, you just got to let him know which training you're coming to. You can't have both.

It's one or the other. You coming to face reading or you're coming to. NLP. Ultra.

I know. I said defense against the dark arts earlier, uh. But it's actually. NLP.

Ultra. Uh. So and you'll and regardless of which of those trainings you choose, you'll all qualify for the uh 3-day virtual healing intensive. April 12th through this the 12th, 13th, 14th,.

I think it was. I think. I got my my dates wrong here. Um yeah.

Um yeah,. April 12th, 13th, and 14th. Um here online. Okay,.

So total value $15,629. your investment one time only9.97. All you got to do to get yours is go to is click this link right. Here. NLPower.comface or if you need uh a little extra help, you want three you want to do it in three installments, just click that link now. nlpower.comfacce.

Click the link. Click the link. Click the link. And uh we're going to go ahead and let you guys um we're going to give you guys like a seven minute break to finalize that stuff.

When we come back, we're going to jump into five element energetics, and we're going to continue to talk about these elements, how what they look. Like at work, and how you can begin to um apply these things in your daily life. So,. I hope uh.

I hope you stick with us. It's going to be fun. Uh these are things that. I'.

I've almost never taught uh to the general public. So, stay with us and we'll be back shortly. Take care. All right, folks.

We're back. Hopefully, you guys had a chance to talk to the. Moss or the. Mia.

Click those links and get your guys uh reservations in. But it's we're now back to part three of tonight's webinar. And tonight's part three of tonight's webinar. I lovingly call the customization phase.

This is where we get to take our intentions, you know, the the content that we had laid out cuz. I. I'll be upfront with you. Whenever.

I do a webinar,. I always have probably enough content for 10 webinars, like easily, right? Because. I usually bring all my my training notes when.

I do this. And the reason. I do that is because everyone who shows up on a webinar has a different vibe to them. And here's what.

I mean. I had a training once where everybody in the training had the same problems. Like they were from completely different socioeconomic formats. They were there for from different parts of the world.

And everybody who had similar problems wound up sitting right. Next to somebody else who had the same problem. Like marketing people would wind up. Next to marketing people.

Health care people would wind up. Next to healthare people. It was really fascinating. And one of the things.

I learned early on is that when people come to a training, they have a specific outcome that they want, a specific thing they want to learn. And that if you can take the time to find out what those are and give them that, they will come away with the best experience you possible in spite of all the other stuff you could have taught them because they got what they came for. If that makes any kind of sense. Some people will say, "What are you crazy?

That's going to make people like not buy your stuff or whatever.". I said, "Look, here's the thing. You don't buy a car without test driving, right? If there's a problem that you need and you can somebody can show you that they have the solution, there's always going to be another problem that needs to be solved.

So,. I'm going to give you good stuff up front that you came for if. I can and. Then show you where to go for more.

And that's that's been my that's been my motus operandi from the beginning. And have. I just as a quick aside, have. I have.

I have. I kept that promise? Have. I kind of showed you guys uh the stuff you wanted to learn and and has it been useful for you?

Yes. Or yes? Okay,. Edie says yes.

Thank you. All right. All right. So, here's the thing.

We're going to talk about five element energetics now. But now, once again, this is the scope of everything in in face reading. What. I gave you at the beginning of this webinar and the beginning of uh.

Last uh two the webinar on the 11th were the were the charts from the face reading system. I was learning that. I thought were immediately useful like the moment. I could just take these put them in a binder and.

I'm ready to go right. Some of the other things especially when we start working with the energetics and things like that they they can be as useful. But you have there's a little bit more foundation that needs to go with that. So, here's what.

I'd like you guys to do right. Now in for the spirit of part three is what is it you guys most want to know about right. Now? Just type it in the chat what you most want to know about and.

Then we'll we'll kind of do this like my mastermind where. I say, "What do you want to learn? What do you want to learn?". And.

I'll put. I'll go to the information that. I have prepared and. I'll pull out the information that that satisfies that.

Does that sound like a plan? Yes. Or yes? Cool.

All right, type away, guys. YouTubers, you heard me. Type away. Show me what you're working with.

Good negotiation skills. Okay. How to get rid of my resistance lines. Edie, what's a resistance line, sweetie?

I don't understand. When you say resistance line, what does that mean? Uh, what time in the. USA times are the healing intensive sessions?

They'll start at 10 a.m. Pacific. 10 a.m. Pacific. The ones.

Oh, are you talking about the appeasement lines? These lines here. Okay. All right.

So, it sounds like you guys are more interested in clearing stuff. Is there a reason why. I do not find out why. I do not experience orgasm based on my face?

Actually, there could there's a that's a definite maybe. Frances, is it. Franchesca or or. Jacqueline?

Can't remember. I. I missed the the name went by. So quick.

How to work as effectively. But mitigating possible conflicts that may arise from someone with aphantasia. Okay. Okay.

When we start working with people, okay, this is starting to become a hypnotherapy class, not a face reading class. But. I. I see where this is going.

Build more self-awareness, what people are really feeling that can be more easily related to. Okay. All right. So, let's start with let's start by painting some very broad strokes.

Ra. Mich. Relle is asking how to heal from narcissistic partner for over 26 years. Relle, that's you're going to get hear this a few seconds after.

I actually said it. you're going to have to that's going to be uh transformational triad and regress to cause work, right? The markings that you need to heal uh they'll be obvious on the face,. But the emotions and the stories connected to those emotions, those are the things that need to be unpacked and attacked. Uh.

Rob. H is asking how to use these skills during interviews. Oh, great question,. Rob.

All right,. So let's start. So, how many of you actually know the five elements? When.

I say five owns, do you actually know what. I mean? So. Lacy says yes.

Willow says yes. Okay. Edy says and that's fine. I'm going to assume you don't,.

But. I don't want to. But. I.

I'm want to preface that in case. I. I'm like insulting the intelligence of people who are coming from an oriental medical background or something like that. So let's talk now.

You can think of the energ the five elements. I'm going to go ahead and maybe park park myself a little bit if that's okay. Because. I feel like.

I'm going into professor mode. So. I want to sit a little bit. Um, one of the things that uh has has messed people up a lot with five elements and there's different ways you can think about it.

Now, five elements is actually not the the literal transformation translation of what they call wooing. Wooing literally means and it's x yng by the way uh literally means five transformations. So what it is is one energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy and. Then the interreationships between those energies.

So. I want when we start talking about five elements uh yes. There are energetic frequencies and correspondences that we can tap into. But.

I on one level you can think of them as as literal energies. But it's usually helpful. I found to for for people to understand that what we're talking about is the relationship of of of one part of the body or one part of the the organ system or meridian system to another. Some of the some of these systems will have a beneficial relationship.

In other words, for example, we know that fire is used to feed wood. I'm sorry, foot wood is used to feed fire, right? And. So those have a mother son relationship where wood is the mother of fire.

But fire will produce ash, which is earth. So fire, which is the son of mother, is also, did. I get that right? fire is the mother of wood will will become the mother of uh earth and and. So forth.

So there's a cycle of energetics that one cycle creates the the. Next piece in the base. But there's also uh counteracting and interacting or controlling cycles. So for example, fire will burn the wood, right?

And it will melt metal, right? So we can think of too much too much fire can drain our wood energy um and it can melt metal which will give us lung problems. Now that's all real kind of um complicated mother son cycles controlling. We don't need to worry about that.

But. I want you to understand that conceptually because in advanced face reading, when you start looking at the different facial characteristics, if you have someone who has a super strong water feature up here and almost no. Fire, right? Or or they have a u almost no.

A lot of woody features. those two elements are going to interact in a certain way and you'll be able to create more complicated or more comprehensive st trait stacking. We're not going there this this time around. We're going to talk about the basic fire um water, fire, earth, metal, wood. These are the five basic elements that we're going to talk about.

Each of those has an archetype, if you will. An archetype in terms of facial locations,. But also an archetype in terms of the facial the body structure that goes with that. Okay.

So, that's where we're going to start. First, we're going to start as there's five basic elements and it goes water, uh, wood, the way. Lillian taught me, water, wood, fire, earth, metal, and depending on which system of uh, like. Tibetan five elements is a is a little bit different than.

Japanese five elements. U,. But that's it's not important for now. Um,.

So. I want to download all this stuff to you and still keep it simple,. But it's it's it's again this is one of the reasons why. I didn't do that.

All right,. So let's look. At the five basic elements and what we can do with that. All right.

So,. I'm going to. I'm going to switch over to my. OneNote.

And these particular pictures are actually from. Lillian's book. Uh. I figure if.

I'm going to teach you what. I learned,. Then. I'm going to teach you from the person.

I learned it from. Right. So, this is a water element face. And you can see that it has a lot of roundness to it.

It's it's it's got a very round. People with water faces tend to be very have um roundness to their forehead. You'll notice the eyes. Have a little bit more shadow around them and they they're actually quite deep set.

People with a water physio or a strong set of water characteristics uh tend to be very introspective. They tend to have a kind of a mysterious energy about them. They uh they they're more contemplative. They're more introspective.

Um and the deeper set the eyes, the darker the the set the eyes, the more the more of a mystery they tend to come across as. Now, people with uh who who have a water physio, people whose whose bones are very large and very heavy, uh these people tend to have wider hips. Um we mentioned the mysteriousness of the eyes, and there's there's a dark undertone to their skin. The color that goes to the water element is a dark blue, sometimes black or purple.

And. So these people will tend to have a little bit more um darkness or shade around the eyes. Okay. Now that can that can be a healthy darkness or it can be a not.

So healthy darkness. Um for example, if somebody has going through a lot of adrenal fatigue, they're not sleeping well. Both of which by the way are related to the kidney which is an aspect which is an organ uh related to the water element. Then this can have a almost bruised look.

To it. But usually the the deeper the eye, the more of a pool they have here. And. So you want to think waterways.

Now. I. I don't know if you can see it very well on this forehead,. But this person has a really interesting trait.

And it could be a it could be a trick of the light or not,. But if you notice, there's almost like a a bony sphere here and a bony sphere here. And this has a little bit of a pool to it. So when you see some of these traits um the kidneys the water element all relate to the bone and the bone marrow as well as the bladder as and and.

So forth. So anytime you see extra bone in and around the forehead we call we say this person has extra jing. And if you notice that there the there's almost a little um a little crevice or a little space between these two bony parts of the forehead. We say that this person has inherited talents and traits from their mother and their father that are uh sort of antagonistic to each other.

In other words, maybe one person has real strong math ability and the other person is really good at um macra like something like that's a different aspect of it. But when you see these big watery foreheads, this person has a lot of extra jing. Um the space here tends to lead to uh water people tend to be quite psychic often and. So their.

Third eye can be can be um a little bit more open. Um. But let's look. At the personality traits of this here.

Okay, these people tend to be a little bit more reserved. They don't they don't get angry uh really fast. That's what's interesting. So if you have someone who has a lot of water features, they tend, you know, they say still waters run deep, these people tend to take a slower a slower time to anger or to get pissed off.

Now, when they. Finally do get angry, they're like they're like a boiling kettle,. But it takes a while to get there, right? Um because of the influence of water element, these people like to just kind of sit.

Although they're they're often very very good at business, uh they kind of like to be more introspective, contemplative, they they don't like to move a whole lot. Uh. So they like to be at rest. Um their favorite foods tend to be soupy.

Uh they love to sleep. Uh and they they really cherish their time alone and in the quiet. So if you're someone who has a water deficiency from a lifestyle perspective, if you were to take on some of these activities, just learning how to be at rest, be in more meditation, spend more time sleeping and not moving, uh these things are very nurturing and nourishing to the kidneys. Okay, these people tend to be more easy go lifestyle-wise.

They tend to be more easygoing as as an employee. They tend to be more easygoing, calm, processoriented. they can be a bit persistent and stubborn. Okay,. So if you're going to hire somebody, this would be uh water person as an employee.

Okay,. But what are they like as a boss? Well, here's the thing to understand. When you got someone who's got a lot of water, they're not necessarily going to be a super rulemonger,.

But they want done right. And they want the rules followed um as best as possible. They like that people can get along without causing waves,. So to speak.

They tend to be easygoing uh and don't usually have strict deadlines,. But they do value research, um thorough research. And you know in. Chinese five element theory we would say that water is the uh the mother of of water is metal.

So, in metal people, you will see a strong, and you'll see this when we get to the end, a strong um regard for boundaries, rules, deadlines, um and and and really just making sure protocols are followed. And when we talk about making sure the and what does this really mean? It means process. If there's an established process or guideline, these people are going to be super um super about that.

And because metal is the mother of water, you can see that that that importance of process is still there. But these guys are or gals are much more easygoing about it. Um, if you can actually if if you if you don't follow a process and you have a really good rationale for why that process wasn't followed or why you did what you did, these people will probably let you get away with it, right? But you better you better have your ducks in a row because they're going to ask, "How did you come to that conclusion?

Where's your research? Can you prove it to me?". That kind of thing. Okay,.

So that's the water element. Any questions about the water element? Really, really quickly. Well, we have you here.

Anybody? All right. Oh, nobody's answering. So, you're either hardly jotting down notes or uh or.

I've completely put you in trance. One of the two. So um how to heal from how to use these skills during interviews. Okay.

So from a from a from a hiring perspective, if. I have somebody who is working in a very busy, fastpaced, chaotic, fluid environment, is a water person going to be my my person of choice? And and. I'm.

Jack says trans. And. I'm open to hearing your ration again because. I want you to think about finding the right.

Person, the right. The right. Temperament for the job if you tell us how we can take notes in the replay. Well,.

I'll tell you what. I'll do. If you want, again,. I recommend that you pick up.

Lillian's book. Because these are literally from from her work. So, one second. Let me just uh lower this a little bit.

Okay. All right. [Music]. So,. So.

Willow says, "What?". Willow, did you have a question? Can water elements be dishonest? Anyone can be dishonest.

This this is not about character. And. I think it's it's important to to to talk about that when we talk about personality and temperament. we talk about the five elements whether you're using the modern approach to face reading or you're uh going with the classics. Um we can look.

At trauma history, we can look. At lifestyle, we can look. At constitution, um we can look. At potential athletic ability, sexual and romantic compatibility, uh we can look.

At the most likely personality and temperament a person is going to exhibit. But here's the thing, and. Lillian could do this. I'm still working on it,.

But even. I. I haven't seen enough. I haven't seen enough samples to know if there are any traits that really determine character.

Because you can have someone who is very dominant, very assertive, who is a social justice warrior, or someone who is a mafia hitman. It's the same traits,. But the character of the person is extremely different. And that's that's the thing.

I that. I've. I'm still looking for anything any indicators of that,. But.

I haven't seen any yet. So personality, temperament, um behavioral patterns, those we can see, those we can see. But a person, how trustworthy a person is, how um you know what direction their their values lie, we can't we can't really see that if that makes any kind of sense. Alien's asking water versus metal forehead.

So, uh, let's go through the five elements and. I'll put them side by side. So you can see them because. I don't want to mess up my presentation.

But the watery the water forehead is actually. I see a lot more um in water people just going from from from seminar to seminar. I see a much rounder head in most water people than the one that's shown here. Uh, this one has a lot more a little bit more metal in it.

Um, and you'll see that when we get to the metal p picture than. I'm used to seeing in many water faces,. But very strong water features. Good good ears, good eyes, uh, round nice rounding foreheads, right?

Uh, these are the these are what we call water features, right? And. So what. I'm doing is.

I'm giving you the big picture. I'm giving you the five elements. I'm giving you um what these physioamies are. and. Then.

I'll go back and. I'll show you like the the wood areas on the face, the the water areas on the face, things of that nature. Okay, like. I said, we'll cover these much more in depth and much more linearly uh in the uh in the.

April training. So, let me go back to. All right, hold on. Okay, my zoom is acting up in weird ways, which we kind of knew that would happen,.

But hey. Oh, there it is. Uh, no, that's not it either. Okay, this is.

Bear with me here, folks. There we go. Share screen. All right.

So, this is our this is our our our water face. And once again, let's just go through this. Okay, we covered that. All right.

So, let's go to fire our our wood. Let's look. At wood. Now, the wood face is a little different.

Now, what's interesting about wood features is that uh it comes it actually comes in two varieties. Wood people can be very very tall or they can be very short. So, think of tall like a redwood tree or a pine tree or short like a bush. So.

Terry is saying, "So faces are not one of five types,. But can be a combination of traits in unequal proportions." 100%. Terry. In fact, that is in fact the the norm rather than than the exception. the pro when you start looking at somebody and you're trying to call them a water face or a wood face or a metal face, what you're looking at is the predominance of the traits and how prominent those traits are.

So, if somebody has a super round head, round forehead, deep set eyes, uh strong chin, those are all a very long ears. Those are all water features. And you can see that this person has deep set eyes, the roundness of the head, the length of the ears, and the strength of the chin. Right?

These are all very strong, very prominent water features. And because those predominate, we would say that they're a water face. Now, does that mean they have no. Metal on their face?

Of course it doesn't. Does it mean they have no. Fire on their face? Of course it doesn't.

These are just the things that do. They have no. Earth on their face. This person has amazingly earthy lips.

They have very earthy cheekbone or cheeks, right? But that's not what you notice first, right? And. So we would say this person has a strong water element affinity, right?

But it doesn't mean that they're that's all they are. Okay. The wood element. What's interesting about wood element people, uh, is that they almost always have an.

M-shaped hairline. Now,. Lilian never taught me that,. But every time.

I look. At real strong wood people,. I see an an almost. Mshape even when they're losing their hair, they have an almost.

Mshape or or widow's peak in their hairline, right? So, don't don't quote me on that. That's just something. I'm starting to observe more and more.

Maybe. I'm because. I'm sensitized to it. But woody people, woody people are like the the natural warriors of uh of the five elements.

They're the they're the achievementoriented uh go-getters. These people love to compete. They love to go for things. Um these people don't like to sit still.

And like. I said before, they come in two very interesting physioo. Um some are very long and tall limb. They tend to be very tendy, very ropey tendons.

Uh they tend to have a greenish undertone to their skin. So even people who are more olive skinned will be a little bit more on the woody side. Um or they can be very very bushy like you know a short stocky uh person with really really curly or wavy nappy hair. U these are all strong wood features right?

Liver people are doers. They they love to be in nature. They love moving. uh they tend to like meditation,. But they like moving meditation more than sitting meditation.

They're all about right. Action, taking taking things on headon and just getting things done. They're extremely focused people. Okay.

As an employee, a wood element person can be very driven. They can be focused like they like action, intense, they're determined. Um as executives, u they expect people to work like they do and to get things done on time. They do not mind having employees doing things over.

In fact, they will make you do that over. So, let me talk a little bit about the wood features of the face and. Then we'll talk a little bit about uh a little bit more the dynamics of a wood personality. So, wood features can be seen in the brow bone, in the eyebrow, in the jaw.

Okay. sometimes in in the eyes. But not not a lot. Okay. So, when we look.

At somebody's primary wood features, we're looking at the strength of the brow bone, the eyebrow hairs themselves, the seat of the stamp, which is right. Here, the center of the eye, um the jaw. I think that's that's the majority of the wood areas. Now, somebody who has a really strong almost like a.

Franken brow. You got, you know, you've ever seen. Freda. Kella or uh you know uh.

Frankenstein, you have this really super strong brow. These are people who have extra bone in and around this area, which means they have more physical energy. They tend to be natural, very gifted athletes. Um they don't do well uh as part of a team many times unless they're the ones in charge of it.

Wood people like to be in charge. Uh, and they have a ve they tend to have a very strong work work ethic. Um, the interesting thing about wood people is dep and especially if they have this very big eyebrow area. Wood people many times will work harder for free than they will when they're getting paid.

Now, let me explain that. Um, people with a real strong forehead, they love to be the hero. They like to be the night and shining armor who rides in and saves the day. And.

So if if you uh if you ever need someone to carry your bags up to your room, just pull the damsel or dude in distress look. And these people will generally just be happy to bail you out. Right? So one of the things about the wood element is it's all achievementoriented.

These people are the go-getters. They they they they don't like to sit still. They don't like to be slowed down. Um and they are often better suited for either being in charge of the team or working in a self-directed capacity with minimal supervision. uh depending on the spacing between their eyebrows that that that drive to thrive and succeed and go forward can work very very well in in an organizational environment or it can actually uh short circuit and and cause chaos in it.

But wood people are are the doers. They will come in at you know if if your your regular business hours are 900 p.m. to 6:00 p p.m. Right? These people will be in at 5.

They'll leave at 12 and they'll want you to know that they were there from 5 p from 5 am to 12 pm and wonder why you weren't there from 5 am to 12:00 p.m. that they the thing about they have some similarities to wood to to metal people. We'll talk about them in just a moment. But like wood people want everyone around them to work like they do,. But they want everybody to know how hard they're working.

So they have the ego walls. They have all their their trophies, all their certificates, uh where they can be sh where they can be seen, right? They're proud of their gold medals and all that stuff, right? Um.

But usually very very achievement oriented. The metal person, we'll talk more about this when we get to um the metal tier. The metal person will work just as hard, just as long as the wood person,. But no.

One will ever know they were there. because they'll come in, they'll go to wherever their office or wherever their workspace is, and they'll work until they leave. And that no. One will ever know because they want to get things finished. They want things done exactly the right.

Way. Uh, and one of the big contrasts. I make um between wood people and metal people is that wood people get things done. Both both elements are very focused,.

But they're they're different in how they go about it. Um, wood element people are like, um,. I don't know if you can. I'm gonna change my angle.

I don't know if you can see the table. I'm working on. Hold on a second. Let me make this bigger.

Okay. So, you can you can see all the stuff on my table, right? So, a a wood if you tell a wood person to uh clean up the t organize the table, they'll go, "Okay.". Right.

And they'll they'll put this off to the side and they'll they'll look. And they'll say, "Okay, organized a metal person. A metal person. You tell them to organize the table and it'll be.

And if you're getting impatient, you know what it's like to be working with a metal. Oops. I got to do it all over again. Right.

You get the idea? Metal people don't get things done. Metal people get things finished. One second.

Uh, make sure. I'm sitting. Does that make sense? So, a lot of metal people are all about orderliness.

They're all about aesthetic. This is the other thing about about metal people versus wood people. Um, metal people are very very sensitive, extremely sensitive to their environment. And this is actually where.

I think maybe. I. I hate to hesitate. I hesitate to say this where.

I think. Lillian might have got some things a little maybe. I got them wrong. But um.

But metal people tend to be extremely sensitive to energetics to spirituality and they're in tune with with beauty and. So uh metal people need a beautiful pretty orderly environment right. And they feel physic they tend to sometimes feel physical discomfort when the environment is not well organized and orderly. Whereas wood people, good enough is good enough, right?

And if there's something wrong, they're going to yell and scream and piss and moan about it and. Then they're going to fix it and it'll be good enough and they'll move on. Okay? Um.

So you understand the distinction. Both are very very driven. They're very very achievementoriented. But the the metal person takes it one step further from finished to refined to complete, right?

A log cabin versus a royal dinner party. Okay, that's an interesting juosition,. But okay. So, uh,.

Melody is raising her hand. Go ahead and just type your questions and and. I will do my best to. Could.

I show the traits of wood again? Uh, you mean on the on the. PowerPoint? Hold on a sec.

Okay. So, woody people will tend to have a um their features are a lot more rugged, a lot rougher. They kind of look. Like wood.

That's what's interesting. They kind of have a woody kind of a, you know, even though this per this person is not ugly by any stretch of the imagination,. But can you see how um very knurled the skin kind and the and the and the structures kind of look? There's a there's a bit of a a sworthiness and a a roughness to the to the features, right?

And what you'll see when we get to the wood the the the metal face how different that is, right? Fire people. Fire people drive uh metal and wood people absolutely nuts. Absolutely nuts.

Um and the primary reason is is that fire people are very dopamineeric. What do. I mean by that? They're always in motion,.

But their motion a lot of times from a woody perspect now woody people are mo are motion oriented too. But compared to a fire person um a woods a wood person's movement their direction their focus is very is very very uh clear. It's very defined. It's it's not random.

Whereas fire people to somebody like a metal person or a wood person can seem almost just chaos incarnate. You know, uh the way the way. Lillian would explain it to me, um these people are, by the way, they're they're not stupid. They are deeply creative.

They're always in motion. Um, one of the things. Lily would tell me was that you could always tell a fire person's home when you walked in because you could follow the line of clothes from the doorway to the bedroom because as they're walking in, they're taking off everything and just throwing it to the wind. Um, they don't like to have they don't like clothes.

They they like to to wear minimal stuff. It's it's interesting,. But their feet they tend to be a little bit smaller in stature. uh they have to have they tend. I.

I think of them like little fire elves because their their features are very very pointy, right? And. So when you look. At this um this picture you can see they have a a very diamondlike face.

You see how that see the diamond shape, right? This is a point this is kind of a pointy thing, right? Their features are very small. But very pointy.

And that's one of the things when we look. At the face, the fire element resides in the points and the tips. So when we look. At fire elements, we're looking at the inner canthus, the outer canthus, the tip of the nose, the tips of the mouth.

All of these will tell us the strength of the fire element. Um,. But these people are very very they tend to be very creative. First and foremost.

U. But they they love new things. So if you're if these people are they they never want to go to this they tend to never want to go to the same place twice and if they do like for a restaurant or something they'll order something different every time. Um.

So they're very they tend to be smaller. They have narrower shoulders, slimmer hips, uh active hands. Uh they their skin colors tend to be reddish and pinkish, especially in the throat area. They're prone to freckles.

Um um. But they're they're a bit smaller in stature. Um they like to play. That's the one thing that you can say about about fire people in general is they're just they just love to play.

Everything is about fun. So in in uh on a more personality profiling, these people are more dopamineergic. I think the other term is color colonergic. We'll just leave it with dopamineergic.

They tend to be um live for today. Uh jump out of airplanes, do all kinds of crazy stuff. Um and they don't they don't tend to hold on to emotions very long. Um.

But because they're. So fiery, because their their emotions are. So. They happen in they they come and go.

So quick. They and they show a lot of emotion on their face. One of the things that tends to happen with very fiery people is they tend to acquire a lot of wrinkles faster. Uh that was something.

Lillian taught me was that because of the the the amount of emotions they're processing and going through and and how the speed at which they live life, they tend to they tend to wrinkle up a bit more. Okay. But you could power a city off of them. They're just they're just always going.

Okay. There may be some correlation,. But um not enough to be useful in my world,. Sue.

So um fire element. These people at work are constant multitaskers, right? These people will have three people on two different, you know, two people on two different phone lines working on a se on their computer um holding a baby in their arms while nursing them all at the same time. But um they to the average outside they look.

Super chaotic, right? So these people are not going to do well in very slowpaced methodical um pro spec processdriven ways of doing things. These people are going to do well in something like a call center or highpaced customer service um place. They might even be good salespeople if there's a lot of cold calling or a lot of um interactiveness going on.

Okay. as an executive um these people need to support their innovative ideas and finish need need people to support their innovative ideas and finish things for them. They love the creative process. But they hate the management part. So as you can probably guess these people are often great as part of a think tank.

They're part of a part of a brainstorming process. You might think on the surface that they'd make great entrepreneurs, right? And and some of them might. Like certainly a guy like.

Russell. Brunson has a lot of fire traits,. But he also has a lot of wood to him, right? Um.

So the problem with people who are really really fiery is they're not detail oriented. They'll they'll they'll start a project and leave somebody else to finish it or somebody else to manage it. So you may wind up if you have someone who's a fire person and they're leading the charge or they're they're running the you may wind up picking up a lot of slack or getting a lot of stuff delegated to you because the fire person just doesn't want to be bothered once they've come up with the idea. Okay.

So again, as our brain exercise, if we had a if we were hiring for a librarian position, what element what what elemental archetype would we want? Type it in the chat. What what elemental type would we want? Water metal.

Anybody else? Metal. Anybody else? Come on, guys.

I know there's more of you out there. Uh. KW. Okay, you're right.

In in my opinion,. Met. Metallic people are great um they're great auditors. They're great quality control people. they're um they're if there's a process or a set of rules and boundaries that need to be strictly maintained, if things need to be not just done.

But aesthetically refined and finished, someone with strong metal qualities is going to be your best uh your best choice. But let's let's let's change the context a little bit. Let's say, for example, that you are a strong strong metal person. you have a lot of metallic traits. What's going to be the best match for you of the of the of the energies we've talked about.

So far? Who's likely to be the best match? Water. Okay.

Anybody else? Lacy says water. Rob says wood. Wood would.

Okay. Okay. So, just. So.

I know, some of you said,. I'm curious. Why would. I'm not saying you're right.

And. I'm not saying you're wrong,. But why would your rationale for that,. Liam?

You're not wrong. Right. And. I and.

I'll. I'll. I'll show you how to kind of balance these um these equations once. I once.

I get some feedback from people. They would be a good support system. Absolutely. A water person.

Remember that water is the mother of uh or metal is the the mother of water. Um. So a metal provider could give a allow somebody to be more nurturing. What we have found on a matchmaking level, what we found on the matchmaking level is that the more traits a person has in common, the more compatible they tend to be.

So the ironically the best the best type based on that particular uh based on that particular approach would be a metal person for a metal person. The other way we can look. At it is complimementary. So in other words, if.

I've got someone who's very metallic, who's very very rigid and and set in what they want, are there is there any kind of a complimentary energy or emotion that would buffer that? Right? And actually the the the water element would be a really good way of of doing that, right? um wood and and metal people, they could get along except where the details come up. I know.

I can tell you this because. I'm. I. I am in a relationship that's a metalwood relationship and a lot of times we line up,.

But a lot of times we don't and we just butt heads on how things like. I'll think something's done and she says, "No, you still haven't done this, this, this, and this.". Right? So the thing you have to look.

At is how tolerant of a metal person's detail orientedness will that person be. And. So fiery people would drive a metal person crazy because fire melts metal. All right, depending on the strength of the element in the person.

But someone who's very fiery would just run a a metal person ragged or vice versa, right? Somebody who's very woody could tolerate fiery people for a certain length of time. But the erraticness of, you know, if if if this is the scope of everything a fire person's into or interested in and a and a metal a wood person's here,. Then within this level, they can get along,.

But it's going they're going to be exhausted once you get outside the wood person's parameters. So wood people are much more focused and directed in their energy. Uh fiery people are just all over the place, right? Their energy is right, left, up, down, backwards, forwards.

It's. So it's it's much much broader than um than what a fire a wood person's uh energetics would would indicate or or be tolerable. So um does that make sense? Right.

So, let's look. At the. Last one on our. Last two on the list really.

Um, which is. Earth. Earth is fun. Earth people are awesome.

Reminds me of that song. Earth. Girls. Are.

Easy or that movie. Earth. Girls. Are.

Easy. Earth people are like the nurturers of the world. You would think a water person is like the most nurturing. They're not actually.

Um, water people can be extremely nurturing,. But it's the earth people that are always trying to feed you. Uh, and as you can see, earth people tend to be very fleshy. They're also very muscular.

Okay? Uh, the muscular system is related to the the earth element. So, these people will tend to be very very strong. Okay?

And um this the the organs related to the earth element are the stomach and the pancreas. Uh and these people are all about nurturing, self-care, connection, create comfort. Um earth people tend towards being plump,. But there's a difference.

They have large muscles. Uh the most of the weight tends to center around the abdomen. They tend to have large feet and usually have pretty good skin. Now, one of the things, especially if you do a lot of trauma work that you'll see with people who are overweight is what we call false earth.

And false earth is that cottage cheesy looking flabby hanging off of uh kind of skin. We call this false earth because what that is is actually body armor. It's people who natural physioamy is not plumpness. That's they they've just piled on the weight and it's not healthy for them.

And. So we call that false earth. So the cottage cheese, the cellulite, that kind of stuff, that's we call that false earth. People who are naturally plump will have a healthy peaches and cream glow to their skin.

There's a there's usually a really really healthy muscle tone and a color emanating from beneath the uh the skin. They kind of have a glow. And. Lillian would say that earth people oftentimes they smell like cookies or or or fresh bread.

Um and these people are are the the nurturers of the world. Now contrast these people. Um, earth people are collectors, right? Um, and they're not like an earth person would actually drive a metal person a little crazy.

And. I'll explain that to you. Um, you go to an earth person's house, right? And you will see piles of stuff everywhere.

Now,. I know you're thinking hoarder, and that's an pathogenic extreme of an imbalance in the earth element,. But what you'll see in an earth person's house is collections of stuff everywhere. Collections.

They love to accumulate things, right? and every and you could always tell an earth person's chair because when they sit in that chair, everything they could possibly want or need is within arms reach. And it's a big deal when an earth person lets you sit in their chair. Right? So.

Edie says, "That's me.". Yes. Right. So earth people do not go.

Here's the thing about earth people. This is what. I was taught. So take this in the spirit in which it's intended.

Earth people don't go to work to go to work. They're not like metal people. They're not like um uh wood people who go because that's what we do, right? Work, baby.

Work. That's that's that's a very different reason for going, right? That's achievement. If you go and you visit like an earth person's office or their cubicle at work and you look.

At their desk, what you're going to see are pictures and memorabilia related to their family. Earth people are the nurturers of the world. They don't go to work for a plaque. They don't go to work for a title.

The reason they go to work is sitting on their desk. So these people will be as steady and consistent as you can imagine,. But they're not going to be there because that's the that's just what because for the for the glory of the company. They're there because of the the the the nurturing and the sustenance that that paycheck and that job allows them to do for the people they love.

Does that make. So it's earth people are going to feed you. They're going to hug you. They're going to they're very nurturing, very solid people.

They don't do change very well. Many times the more earthy a person is, the more traditional they tend to be. The more conservative they tend to be. Your your less conservative people will tend to be more watery or more fiery.

Again, there there's no. One's one element, right? You have a balance of elements. How do you know your element?

Well,. Lillian would have this little five element quiz that she would give people. Okay, there if you can probably go find apps that will. I'll give you a whole bunch of questions and tell you what your element is.

All right,. So let's go through some of the charact the characteristics. I prepared for you and uh and. Then we'll keep going.

Is this helpful? Is this useful? Okay. Um.

So again uh. So people who are very earthy or who have earth issues will tend to uh the spleen, the stomach and the pancreas are the primary elements related to the earth element and it's all about nurturing, self-care, connection, creation. Richard says it sounds like the. Greek templates.

Yes, in fact. Um,. I in one of my other classes,. Richard,.

I actually have a chart that shows you how the the. Chinese five element system relates to the. Greek four elements. And they're more alike than they aren't.

The only place that there's a little bit of of finagling is between wood and um wood and earth or wood and metal. Okay. Um, like. I said, this is this is the tip of a very large iceberg.

This is just really broad strokes,. But. I wanted to kind of give you guys an idea of what. I had to sort through and and and to give you the things that.

I give you in in the other trainings. So,. Earth people, this is the one, they're consistent, they are reliable, they they're team players, they are super super cooperative. So, if you're going to build a team, one that's willing to be led, to be guided, that you can count on, make sure these people have lots of earth.

But as you can probably see, they may not be the most innovative, right? And. So you have to find that balance, right? Uh.

Earth executives tend to be kind. They care for their employees. They tend to inspire loyalty. I would say that earth earth bosses tend to inspire more loyalty than any other u executive.

I've seen. Although sometimes that their their their kindness can be taken advantage of. Um they want people to stay longterm, right? They're they're all about relationships, right?

They they don't want things to be like fly by night, quick and dirty. They want things done right. They want people to feel good about things. They want people to um to feel like they're part of something, right?

They're the earth element is all about consolidation and connection. So they're and and. So they're the ones that are most likely to uh give people personal time off, right? And.

Then finally, we've talked a lot, you know, we've compared a lot of these charts to the metal element, and this is a classic metal face. Now, one of the things you can tell about metal faces, look. How refined the features are. The nose is very aqualon, right?

The cheeks are very uh are very defined. But even more importantly, look. How much space is between the features. The metal element is all about boundaries.

It's all about space. And. So when you look. At a metal face, you will see lots of of um the features are further apart than on someone like a wood person or an earth person or a metal person.

And it will be ve it will have a very refined, very elegant uh appearance to it. The funny thing about about metal people is even when they're wearing sweats, they look. Well-dressed. They look.

Like they're well put together because they're all about aesthetics. uh they they feel uh uh aesthetic environments very very physically and. So they don't they don't necessarily fix things up or or or tidy things up because they're neat freaks. They tidy things up because the lack of order in the environment makes them feel bad. It gives them an eeky yucky feeling and.

So they feel the need to actually straighten things up and clean up. Right. U. So let's look.

At some of these traits. So metal people, they tend to be small bone, very pale skin. Okay. I've never seen a sworthy looking metal person.

Um even my my teacher. Kevin. Sakor, who's a a high combination of metal and wood, very pale skin, very pale skin. uh they their features tend to be extremely symmetrical. This is another aspect of the wood element is that the the features tend to be remarkably um refined and symmetrical, right?

The hair tends to be very fine. The shoulders will be broad. Uh and what this was supposed to be was they they will tend to have broad shoulders and narrow uh waists, right? Um,.

So they have a much more of a. V-shape to them,. But there's a little bit more ang they're not quite as. V-shaped or as angular as a metal person,.

But they're they're they'll be they'll be um more refined in their look. Okay. Um, a person is these people are have high aspirations. They tend to be more calm.

They're all about creating order, beauty, boundaries. If there was one if there was one word that. I would. I would assign to the metallic element, it's boundaries.

They're big on boundaries. Now, wood people are big on boundaries, too,. But um they're they're a little bit they're not nearly in many cases as rigid on boundaries as metal people are. Okay?

So, metal executives uh or metal metal employees especially are can tend to be very very particular. Uh they tend towards the per perfectionistic side. They are self-starters just like the wood element, right? They tend to be very independent and they're very efficient in how they do things.

Now, sometimes what they think of as efficient, we would drive a wood person crazy because to them, uh, getting something finished is more important than getting it done. So, good enough is never good enough for most metal people. Okay. Uh,.

Melissa, just a question. Maybe this comes from people who they don't know who they are,. But. I am into health,.

So this is nothing we should do. So this is nothing we should do to change a person, just accept them. Absolutely. Absolutely.

Um, one of the. First things. I, one of the most important lessons that. I learned from.

Lillian was that every person is beautiful. Every person's spirit,. First of all, the face you see is not who they are. Uh, who they are is a soul.

And every face is beautiful because it was created by. God. It was created by nature. And.

So. Lillian was one of the most accepting, loving, and um benevolent forces. I've ever met. And when when she would read somebody, she would always always always find a way to bring up some of the most painful things in a in a in a loving way.

In fact, when she uh when she would do a face reading and she knew she had to tell somebody something that was less than positive, which by the way is most. Chinese original. Chinese face reading is excuse very negative. Um she would she would find ways to to tell people things that didn't make them feel like they were a failure because they had a particular trait.

Uh. So she was one of the most loving, forgiving, um and and open people. I'd ever met. Now.

I'm a change worker, right? I'm a. I'm an influenced teacher and. So my approach is.

I still have that when. I look. At somebody's face. I'm not unless.

I'm paid to change them or to help them change by their um by their definitions and by their desires. I don't try to change them. But. I will manage their influence in my environment and and my outcomes.

So. I let. I give people the freedom to be whoever they're going to be. But.

I know more of who they are from their face and the patterns that come from that than their best friends know many times. Um, and depending on the context in which you're doing face reading, you don't need necessarily need to change anybody either, right? Your job is to read what's in front of you and. Then decide what you want to do about it in terms of how you know the level of access you want to give this person to your life, the amount of trust or uh job responsibilities you want to give them, those kinds of things, right?

So what's the question here? Um why asking health? We should wear sunblock to prevent skin cancer. So someone want to sell help.

It's not their fault. people don't know who they. I don't. Okay, the questions are getting a little bit chaotic,. So.

I'm not sure exactly what that means,. But what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and remind you that the clock is running on tonight's webinar. So, for those of you who are um want to learn more about the uh the practical aspects of face reading versus um the uh the more energetic. Chinese systems.

I was taught. Uh let me just put this up here for you really quick because apparently my. PowerPoint got closed and. I need to find it again. [Music].

Uh,. I'm just. I'm not even going to bother. Um, um, uh, let's not do that.

And for some reason, these these these um for those of you who are interested in learning more about the face reading and stuff like that, um and by the way, the the information that. I was reading for you, a lot of it can be found in. Lillian's book. Um.

But a lot of it is found in her business face tof face, which is training for people who are going to use face reading in business. So once again, for those of you who are on the fence, you've got the defense against uh the face reading for fun and profits home study course. It's a $1,997 value. You're going to get the defense against the starkarts home study course valued at $1,997 value.

We're going to give you that to you free. You're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by design home study course valued at $1,497 value absolutely free. You're going to get people reading for fun and profit home study course, $1,497 value. We're going to give that to you absolutely free.

You're going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power mastermind mentoring program and a 10 and a 13-year video archive valued at $1,997 value. You're going to get face reading for fun and profit level two home study course valued at $1,9.99. Once again, we're going to give it to you free.

And you're going to get that. VIP super ticket to the five element face reading for fun and profit uh home 3-day uh home study uh live training. April 26th to the 28th uh. San.

Diego. And of course, uh,. April 12th, 13th, and 14th, you'll be get that. VIP ticket to the, um, live virtual healing intensive.

It's a $1,497 value. Total package is $15,629. You can get it all for one low installment of just uh $9.97. Or if you need to, you can break that up into three installments of uh 3.97 each.

Just click this link, www.nlpower.comface, and we'll get you going. uh you can reach out to. Moss or. Mia either at email or by uh by phone and we'll go ahead and do our best to get you guys set up in the most effective way possible. So,.

Zechon is asking what's the identity to have in face reading? Okay,. So um. Zechans.

I don't know. I don't know. I don't understand that question. So, by if you can please elaborate on it,.

I'm happy to um do that for you. All right. So, um where's my. Oops,.

I got to do this again. I'm playing dueling windows here. Okay. All right.

So,. So that we've covered um we've covered water, we've covered fire, uh wood, we've covered fire, earth, and of course, metal. Can you show the face and descriptions all again, please? Uh, yes.

I don't know if you're going to be able to get a big enough screenshot to cover all of it,. But. I'll see what. I can do here.

Go ahead and move that one or move this. There you go. So, you have water, wood, fire, earth, and metal. Now, there's a whole lot more to each of these traits. uh and.

I'm going to be covering those uh. April 26th, 27th, and 28th. Uh there's certain body parts, certain types of diseases that t certain categories are prone to. Um.

But. I thought, you know, how can. I give you guys a good a good introduction to. Chinese five elements, uh and how these different personality patterns relate to each other and still keep it somewhat practical.

So,. I went to uh to. Lillian's information on business and uh relationship matchmaking and. I pulled some basic information out.

So you could see how the five elements relate to each other. Um. I have found many many correlations between the. Chinese five element system and the.

Greek system as was mentioned earlier. Um there's also a huge huge correlation between the temperaments uh in the fissure temperament sorter uh which are based on hormonal pathways. So like. I said.

I've done a lot of background research into this. It's not like phenology where you're going to feel the bumps on a person's head or anything like that. Um. I have tested the vast majority of everything.

I'm teaching you. In fact,. I only teach things. I've tested.

Um, and this stuff has borne itself out, not just from me,. But literally the hundreds of people. I've trained to be face readers. And your faces will change right.

In front of you when you start learning to unpack and attack these things. So, what. I meant about sunblock in. American things are sold to people as an opportunity,.

But it's the responsibility of a person that wants to sell something to someone. It's responsibility of a person who is earthy to know who they are. Well,. I think it's it's ultimately.

I think to your question,. I think it's all of our responsibility to know who we are. But here's the thing about that. Most of us have no.

Clue who we are, right? Even even the if you look. At the the spiritual implications of the the traditional. Chinese five element system and there is a a deep deep deep well of spirituality uh involved here. um is that you are not your face.

Your face changes as your life changes. Your face changes as your emotional constitution changes. Your face changes as your values change. That's what's fascinating about the face reading is your face is not static.

And if you get. Lillian's book, which. I highly recommend you do, there's a section right. In the front of her book, right? and shows people who got the pictures of them as newlyweds and.

Then pictures of them 30, 40, 50 years. Later and they look. Almost like brother and sister as opposed to two people who just got married. And it's because of this constant vibrational interplay between life, our spirits, our emotional makeup, our values, and the resonance that's created.

If you start learning how to do this and you start unpacking people's features, you start like somebody has a a big wrinkle right. Here, it's a lost love line, and you guide them through this process of resolution and they get that back, that line will fade right. In front of you or within a day or two, that line will start to go away. You'll see scars start to fade.

They won't always go away 100%,. But you'll see them start to change. You'll literally see people's features get bigger, smaller, more uh robust. What.

Lillian would do is she would have us take before and after pictures uh on day five of the training. Like we would have a picture of something. She would just bring random people in off the street and she we'd take a picture, we'd go do the face reading, we'd take another picture, same lighting, same wall. The only difference is you couldn't get them to stop smiling after the reading.

And and after everybody would leave, she'd put them up on the screen side by side and they were different faces. It it's it's in it was crazy. And it was one of the. First things.

I called on. But when. I watched it happen in a hypnotherapy session,. I was like, "Holy this is real.".

I mean, it it happened when. I was just doing regular face readings,. But the the the one time. I remember.

I was doing it on a. Zoom call. I probably have the video somewhere. I can't show it because of.

HIPPA,. But the lady had a completely flat brow bone. And. I and.

I and. I had almost no. Awareness of her eyebrows. 60 minutes into the session, she has a. Franken brow.

And. I'm like, where did that come from? It just popped out. Right?

So, you know,. But going back to this whole identity thing. Every human being on the planet is here to self-actualize. In in in.

Dowist uh spirituality and practices uh we have this thing called we have this concept called ming uh or golden path or destiny. Uh you might think of it as the spiritual mission you came here to fulfill. And. So one of the things in face reading that we're trying to do as face readers is we're trying to get back to our original face.

Now our original face is uh a term a code word for our soul. The pure being of light that we are before we take on a body. And the the the. Chinese face reading says that you are never closer to your original face than when you're born.

And they say that by the time you hit age 50, you've got the face you deserve. Right. Right. And.

So the idea is you can look. At a person and in our golden path workshops, we will actually look. At pictures of you through your entire life. We will inventory every job you've ever had, everything you've ever loved to do or felt passionate about.

And we'll use that to create a life path for you. That is the most likely trajectory for your life to go that lead you to the greatest sense of fulfillment. It's not about a job. It's about finding your golden path. is about recovering the spiritual mission you had um as a being of light.

So that as you take on the right. Jobs and the right. Activities, you become more of who you were meant to be. You bring more light into your body.

You bring more light into the world and everything gets better. And what happens is when you get on that golden path, you start to look. Younger. You start to recover from very very significant health problems.

Everything gets better because you're on track. You're on you're doing what you came here to do, right? And that's a lot of what we we try to do at whatever level of face reading that we're working with, right? But you as a face reader, your job, your identity or who you are to that person changes as context changes.

If somebody's just coming to you for a face reading, you're you're a diagnostician. You're you're a guide telling you these are the things that your face is showing me. This is what this often means. What do you want to do about it?

And you leave that decision up to them. And you recommend people that can help them facilitate that path. If you're someone who's like an all-in-one, like. I'm a.

I'm a. I have multiple healing modalities under my belt. I have tons of influence training, right? And.

I'm a face reader. The person. I the identity. I step into changes as the context changes.

What is the outcome of the of the interaction that. I'm with,. But. I'm also on the same path as all my students and my clients are.

I'm working towards becoming a better version of. David, which is why you'll you can keep coming back because. I'll never be done. I'll always have something cool to share because.

I'm still looking. I'm still evolving and you're all on that path. You want to. I'll give you guys a real quick trick.

Take your finger and touch the tip of your nose and just rub it a little bit. And if you feel a little indentation, you have what. Lillian would call a human angel marking. And you are people who are compelled by something inside of you to want to help other people to relieve as much suffering as humanly possible.

Right? And that's why you found your way here for whatever reason. Right? So, if you want to continue on that journey,.

I'm here to help. All you got to do is click that link. Um,. I'm it's uh going on 625 and.

I need to. I need to to close it down. But, um, if for those of you who want to continue this journey, we have a whole lot more behind the face reading. Then we have time to share.

And, uh,. I sincerely hope you guys had a good time with it. I hope you will continue to uh practice and share and go out into the world and make everybody's lives better. Um, one.

Last time,. Last call as they say in uh in uh that's not what. I want in in the movies. Uh once again, for those of you who want to do this, um this is the defense.

This is the secrets of personal face reading home study course. It's going to come with defense against the dark arts, uh the identity by design home study course, the people reading for fun and profit home study course, um the. NLP power mastermind mentoring program, face reading for fun and profit level two, the. VIP super ticket uh five element face reading for fun and profit.

April 26th to the 28th. And of course, uh the 3-day virtual healing intensive. April 12th, 13th, and 14th online only. The total package is $15,629.

All you got to do is click that link right. Now. nlpower.comfacce. Click the link. Click the link.

Don't wait anymore. You got 60 days to test it and see if. I'm full of or not. And if at the end of 59 days you think.

I'm full of it, just pick up the phone and uh we'll give you a full refund. Otherwise, grab your links, grab your courses, come to the trainings, and let's make the world a better place starting with you. Okay? You guys are amazing.

I love you all. Uh, if you need help with that, we can break that into three easy installments. Uh, just 3.97. Be sure to watch for the replay.

Type your questions in the comment section below the replay. I love you all. I will see you on the other side. Good night and.

God bless. Take care.
