Title: How To Manifest Anything You Want Faster Than Ever - FREE Class Today - 4:00 PM Pacific
File Name: 8wNv8Ks89JE.txt
Video Id: 8wNv8Ks89JE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8wNv8Ks89JE

We got about two minutes left on our break um. But. I'm back from the potty. So if you guys have a question go ahead and uh type that in the chat.

I'm happy to answer it. I really hope you guys will join me um in this package and um join us for the actual live trading hidden laws attraction. August 20th through the 24th here in. San.

Diego it's one of the most fun classes and it's a great introduction to our secret inner door trainings that we do it's one of the few energy trainings that we give to just anybody who comes in off the street you don't need any training whatsoever to do hidden laws thank you. Holly is saying for what it's worth is as long as as a long-time member of. David's. Community.

I can't believe he is offering such an amazing deal he gives good packages. But this is definitely the best package. I've ever seen him it's true um and again one of the reasons that. I'm doing it is because.

I see a lot of suffering out there could welcome. Kavita thank you for joining us. I can't wait to meet you and have you in. Planet.

David um you know. I. I see you know there's a lot of going on you know we're you know recession this you know. Co.

Pro post covered that you know stock market's going boobs up or whatever you know what we need to rise above it we need skills and technologies that allow us to chart our course and create our reality and every now and. Then we don't need a handout we need a hand up these classes and these trainings have truly truly changed my life and. I have been both blessed and tasked with the with the mission to spread the teachings um and. So that's what.

I'm doing. But there's there's spiritual laws in effect you can't there's certain things you can give away. But there's other things that there has to be you know my spirit one of my one of my teachers. Dr.

Johnson they'll tell you nothing's free you know in some of the most expensive stuff you'll get is free stuff um and. So you know when you do these processes they will work. But once again they're going to cause transformations let me uh let me jump out of let me let me go they're going to cause transformations in you they're going to cause things to happen within you that have to happen for you to be the person who can have the things you want. But if nobody.

I'm not you know like. I said it's not all going to be peaches and cream this is the fast tracked is often the most aggressive. I guess is a good way to say it in a benevolent kind of way everything is going to work to your highest good um. But that doesn't mean you won't have to face some of your inner demons and.

So if you want the power it's yours by right. But you have to earn back the right. To access it. I don't somebody out there needs to hear this.

I don't know who. But somebody out there needs to hear this. So. I can't make it any easier than it is right.

If this is calling to you click the link and get in the program and let the universe take care of the rest right. All you've got to do is take the actions let the universe do the heavy lifting okay. Apply these teachings let me be your guy let. Stephanie and.

Holly and. Seth and you know the amazing people in. Planet. David who've been through what you're about to do let us help that's what we're here for right.

In our in our virtual communities in our. Live. Events you're not alone for what it's worth. I don't know somebody.

I don't know why. I'm saying this. But somebody out there needed to hear that. So click the links and let's get you on the fast track to the life you want the way that you want it okay.

Www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a all right. That being said this officially officially transfers us into part three. So in part one of the webinar we taught you about the importance of knowing your outcome knowing what you want which means you have to know what you want and you have to have a way of measuring how you're getting it right. And again we're going to go much more in depth on the nuances of that and hidden.

Laws of. Attraction live training in. August. But for right.

Now to get started the only thing you need to know is what you want stated in positive terms how you know that you're getting it how are you going to measure if you're moving towards it or away from it okay. The. Next piece is control your state this is probably in my opinion one of the single biggest places that people get screwed up trying to use the. Law of.

Attraction for a lot of the reasons. I talked about at the beginning of the webinar. First and foremost they believe that if they just repeat words over and over and over again in their head that it'll cause something to happen true enough to be true. But not true enough to be reliable okay.

Now here's what. I mean by that if if your emotional state is not conducive or in resonance with the affirmations or the suggestions or directions you're trying to give your nervous system or contact through your higher mind nothing's going to happen um if the words that you're using are structurally incorrect if you don't know the laws of mental. Dynamics about how certain words are processed by your other than conscious mind you're going to get the opposite of what you want if you don't have enough energy in the system you're not going to get what you want in fact you'll probably wind up getting the opposite of what you want because when you start interacting with the non-local universe nature reports a vacuum and if there's if the energy if the universe senses an energy deficit it's like a suction cup. But because your vibration isn't high you'll tend to attract more of that crap which fills your.

Reservoir with crap right. So um yeah. So how do we how do we how do we how do we start changing this this this spiral effect. First and foremost understand that higher vibrations supersede or control or dominate lower vibrations now we have to delineate what's a higher vibration what's a lower vibration the way that we do that the way the easiest most functional way to begin to work with vibration in the body is through the use of kinesthetics or body feelings if.

I have a happy joyful uh playful loving gratitude-based body state. I have a higher vibrational frequency if. I have a state that makes me angry sad depressed lonely envious or any of those emotions anything that leads me towards moving more serious. I'm moving towards a negative vibrational state if you want to attract things faster you must operate from the highest state possible because if you try to do these things in a lower vibrational.

State you're going to taint your manifestation does that make sense does everyone kind of following you with this you want to say you want to get the chat back. Okay. Cool. So we gave you the understanding of high vibration versus low vibration we gave you body body posture and breathing.

First. Then what. Then what we did was we took. That body feeling right.

And we had you turn it into a color right. This is something you won't find in any manifestation class in fact this is the. First time. I've ever taught this uh in a law of attraction.

Workshop human cells are made of heat light. Sound electricity and magnetism those are the five. Vil those are the five building blocks of every human cell. Heat light.

Sound electricity and magnetism if you go to a doctor's office and they treat you you know drugs aside what are they going to use they're going to use. Heat they're going to use light they're going to use sound they're going to use electricity and they're going to use magnetism if you go to a. Qigong doctor one who's well trained you know what they're going to use or a. Chinese medical practitioner you know what they're going to use they're going to use heat they're going to use light they're going to use electricity they're going to use magnetism and they're going to use sound this is where the energetic.

Matrix of the human body meets the physical. Matrix of the human body and it's all governed by the spiritual body which is thought and intention now when you want to clear to purge to purify your your system you use sounds okay. When you want to create transfer or transform or energize something you use color now lest you think. I'm talking out my butt or there's no.

Precedent for this how many people here by a show of hands in the chat have ever read the. Bible and. I don't care if it's the. New.

Testament or the. Old. Testament. I don't even think.

I think it might even be in the. Quran. I've never read the cabran. I don't know for sure let me ask you a question what is the very.

First words after in the beginning what are the. First words after and uh in the beginning one of the very what's the very. First paragraph in the. Bible well actually it says in the.

Hebrew. But it's in the beginning. God said what did. God say let there be type it in the chat light now for those of you with.

NLP training or the eyes. To see and and who understand how to move through the world in terms of process and structure that jumps out at you. First. God said and.

Then. God created light he created a space using vibration and sound and he filled it with light it's right. There right. In front of you it's been there for thousands of years.

But only the initiates ever get shown that okay. Now in. Planet. David we have all kinds of trainings and things like that for developing your ability to use sound and.

Light uh some of the people in the chat we've actually pulled the alcohol out of wine and beer and um which is really funny because it creates this contact high for everybody in the room um we probably won't we well maybe we will we might do something we'll do something similar to that at. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

But my point is is that when. I had you point to a. Feeling that feeling is a vibration in your body. But it's not something you can work with directly you have to transform it.

So what did we transform it into we turned it into color we turned it into light okay. So remember if we want to purge something we use a sound if we want to amplify something we use color and. Light. So when.

I start telling you imagine a brilliant ball of energy floating above your head what happened. Next notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of. Victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor you guys remember when we did this if you remember type it in the chat right.

What did. I do. I had your nervous system create a state a body feeling a frequency and vibration that you wanted more of and. Then using color generated by your own neurology we.

Amplified it in the room and because your nervous system created it your nervous system accepted it true not true right. If. I gave you an arbitrary color it would work on a certain percentage of you. But on some of you it would fall completely flat because that color is not in harmony with your vibrational field and your the neural associations that you make like if.

I said imagine a powerful golden color of. Victory floating above your head well if you're if victory for you isn't isn't gold that may not work for you it's quite as powerfully does that make sense. So this is the takeaway anything the human nervous system creates it accepts and will work with and. So one of the things.

I teach my students in. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction identity by.

Design. Advanced regression and real world and. Trauma resolution is that the answer is always in the question okay. We have the this this is something you learn about uh hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and an identity by design called the six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allowed it's never linear those are the six if you understand those you can dissolve any and all resistance you get from any client in any any therapy session you can learn how to dialogue with your own autonomic nervous system and get valuable useful actionable information that you can use to make very powerful deep transformations in yourself as well as other people six simple things that we need to understand to drive our minds and bodies better at every level from the spiritual level to the energy level to the physical level to the soul level and all points in between. So this is something.

I want you guys to get unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear wrapped at all and one little bubble that says what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts okay. What the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts now the. Next thing.

I had you do after we understood the difference between positive. States and negative. States. I had you change your posture.

I had you change your breathing what do we do. Next we breathe we've found a body feeling we turned it into a color we filled the room with it. So now we have a reservoir of this energy to swim in okay. We.

Amplified the energy okay. The. Next drill. I had you do was tap into your emotional drivers okay.

We created a default state to work from now we focus on the specific things you want and the energy connected to that we did we did that with the emotional motivation checklist of what's important about decision tree you guys remember that type yes. In the chat okay. Are you guys with me. So far is this is this making sense okay.

Um the. Next piece is we elicited what those you know what are we going to get from the the byproduct of tonight's webinar what's that going to do for us how what's important about that what's that going to do for us what's important about that what's that going to do for us what's important about that and we answered those questions and. Then when we spoke those out loud we had this amazing. Rush of energy in our state transformed again true or false okay.

As anachi says yes. Perfect you're learning you're getting this you're getting the process aren't you now let's look. At let's examine once again those body feelings. Okay.

So when you read the list out loud how many of you felt amazing 100 amazing type it just type 100 if it was you if it wasn't 100 type in the percentage you felt amazing in the chat okay. Don't lie if you didn't feel 100 amazing okay. Good excellent. So now my question for the peep and this is actually for the hundred percenters too.

I want you to go back and if you need to felt a bit overwhelming that's normal for those of you if you need to go back and re reread your list out loud again. But now what. I want you to do is. I want you to remember those feelings and.

I want you to notice something. I want you to notice if in in addition to that really good feeling that you had did you notice any background feelings that were kind of icky or little thoughts that popped up that kind of try to derail your thought your your state as you were saying these things out loud if you if you if you had either icky feelings or icky words pop up in your head type that in the chat. Jack says yes. Nobody else okay.

If you did congratulations you just discovered the thoughts that you didn't know you had the beliefs and the memories that you didn't know you had. So if you do this drill right. Uh. I'm gonna get my.

I'm going to meet as a byproduct of buying of this training. I'm going to attract and meet my soul mate we're going to be happily ever after it's going to be the best thing since sliced bread great feeling here icky feeling here okay. Point to where the icky feeling is close your eyes. If there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that icky feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch physically take your hand.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is once you got that make sure we got the right. One. Reach.

Out grab that picture with both of your hands and make it big like expand the window on your touch screen your iPhone notice what happens to the feelings in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker doesn't matter which one it does just pay attention to what it does now put it back to its original size now slowly pull that that picture closer to your body and notice what happens to the body feeling now does it get stronger does it get weaker that's fine too now put it back to where it was now. I want you to use your imagination. I want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture you've just been playing with and you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But.

I want you to feel on the base of that frame and. I'd like you to notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television and. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and. I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel foreign for yourself which one you like better do you like it all the way to the white or all the way to the black whatever it is turn that knob all the way in that direction until it's completely white it out or blacked out once you've got that. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that white it out or blacked out screen there were some important lessons positive or negative that this experience had to teach you. I want you to write those lessons and the feelings on the screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now the screen will scroll like a tablet.

So you have an infinite unlimited writing space some people know exactly what those lessons are and just like the. Clockwork they just write those lessons out some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are and. So just like automatic writing works let your unconscious mind.

Express itself in whatever way it needs to let the part of you that knows what those things are. Express itself now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really upset and angry and they write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously writing. Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time.

However your body wants to do it just let that process take place you may notice feelings and thoughts and ideas and statements coming up put them on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go and keep writing until everything that needs to be kept is on that screen and everything else has been dissolved and melted and drained away when you know you've got that reach up with both of your hands shrink that put that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat in your heart your unconscious mind moves that image all the way back. Beyond the. Horizon.

I found a. Hammer mix when you're banging on a nail. I feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back do you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead now for those of you who did this drill go ahead and type in the chat which you experience let me see what's going on here anybody with me in the chat. So.

Jax is saying why when. I am moving the screen. I don't feel anything you probably have some layers of dissociation there. So grab it slap it into your body pull it out now this will probably cause you to tear up and feel things you don't necessarily want to feel um.

But that's how you break up that stagnation okay. Anybody else um the question is if we nail it behind us what happens to the lesson the lesson is preserved the place behind us is a storage cabinet for pla for things that your neurology classifies as overdone and complete. Jack says now. I feel it.

I warned you um what. Jack's just experienced uh happens. I. I discovered it as a clinical it was a clinical phenomenon a lot of times people have extra layers of desensitization and dissociation between their body feelings and their external projections and.

So. I would run into this over and over again in the clinic and after a while because my. NLP training my hypnosis training never prepared me for a lot of the things. I encountered in the clinical setting.

I had to figure out on my own and. So one day. I just as an epiphany. I just had the person.

Reach. Out grab the picture slam it into their body and pull it back out and. I just had them keep doing that and what happened was it reattached it reconnected their body feeling to their proprioceptive energy system and all of a sudden now any any change they made out here changed their subsequent body feelings and. So now they could change it to whatever they wanted okay.

Now here's again because. I don't want to hand you everything. I want you guys to think your way through this think about what. I just said think about what.

I just said everything about vibration that we work with is about body feelings if. I have a body feeling and. I have a component of it out here that. I can use to change it.

I can turn any body feeling. I have into anybody feeling. I want you see the significance of this drill yes. Or yes.

Are you guys are you guys in a coma typing in the chat. I can't tell right. How many of you actually did this drill besides. Jax anybody else okay.

Oh sander did okay. And. Sandra what as not she did okay. For those of you who did the drill what happened did you have something go away and uh.

Holly is sending me a message that you guys need to click that link before it's too late. Sanders says yes. Felt. Later yes.

You you lost energetic weight what happens a lot of times as anachi says good feeling yeah what happens a lot of times is your your energy body builds up a charge because of something in the spiritual body the the thought and feeling body and that's where the real problem is. But most people don't have a way to connect the physical energetic and spiritual levels through an interface everybody understands. So when you connect these things this way you're you're working on the coding system that is universal from the most subtle aspect of your soul to your spirit body to your energy body to your physical body and. So you can change anything you want into anything you want now there's a there's a there's a a language to this a somatic language if you will um and again in uh in your class um secrets of personal transformation personality transformation um it should be in.

Hidden loss of. Attraction as well you'll see something called. Energy centered. Psychotherapy or body centered energy psychotherapy there's this phenomena known as the somatic search engine um vividification there's all kinds of little body-centric practices that we do that allow us to amplify and magnify whatever vibrational frequencies that we want or transform them into anything we want.

So when we take something we connect it out here we reprocess it we shrink it down we move it behind us every level of our neurology classifies it as something that is now overdone and complete. So when you are doing your manifestation drill which is the. Next thing we're going to play with is going to be the information drill which is a way to bypass and get around your intrinsic limiting beliefs we have many ways to change and transform limiting beliefs. But we don't have time to cover it all in a three-hour webinar when we meet a three or four day training to do it okay.

So. I'm giving you. I'm giving you stuff you can just start putting to putting the work right. Away has this been useful.

So far have. I have. I delivered the things. I've been promising to you yes.

Or yes. Okay. I want to make sure because again should happen. Sandra says heck yeah.

Edie says yes. Absolutely good okay. So let's start let's just backtrack and review everything starts with what you want how you know you're getting it what's the foundational. State you need to be in we started with.

Victory we could have used playfulness. But. I think victory for this group seemed to be more appropriate. Then we layered in the emotional energy necessary to manifest and attract what we wanted.

Then we looked for anything that might be getting in the way. So we had we breathed that color into our body we became aware of the good feelings the emotional drivers the things we wanted and. Then we became aware of the icky nasty background feelings and we zeroed in on those and we started dissolving them we started reprocessing and reprogramming them. So that when we re-access the energies we want to attract it's cleaner and it's more powerful there's nothing tainting it that's what you've just learned okay.

With the whole. Magic. Frame part the technique is called. Magic.

Frame we show it a lot on uh on the. YouTube channel because it's one of those that you don't leave home without it it's too powerful not to use here's what comes. Next now that we've cleaned the vessel we've energized. The.

Vessel we've harmonized. The. Vessel we've cleaned it we know what we want we know how we're getting it now we want to circumvent rob you could you could absolutely use gray room gray room takes longer to do that's why we don't teach it usually in a webinar. I used to do great room a lot in my early webinars usually as a uh towards the end of the webinar people wanted to kind of just drop a bunch of crap.

I just run them through a gray room and stuff like that and people be happy maybe we'll do that in the future for future webinars or whatever we'll uh we'll start bringing back some of these longer meditative practices and things like that for people. But great room is very powerful. But it's not fast enough for what we're doing here okay. Also unless you modify gray room it doesn't necessarily.

Target the safety lessons connected to why that belief or that that limiting feeling is hanging around it'll let you get rid of stuff kind of like soaking the pot before you and scrubbing it before you put it in a dishwasher. But if you don't if there's a reason for that limiting belief to be there that your nervous system feels is important to your safety um it'll fight to keep it great room doesn't directly address that that's why if you look. At the identity by. Design.

Silo which we usually cover at the beginning of the weather. But. I skipped around a lot you have. General negativity clearing special negativity clearing uh default driver.

States internal dialogue training uh temporal editing uh boom of. Eternity and. Then. Magic.

Frame which is where we install the trades qualities and character or magic circle which is where we install the trades qualities and characteristics of people we admire okay. That's the whole seven stage identity by. Design sequence you'll learn it in uh part of it in. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction you'll also learn part of it um in the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course if you join us virtually for the identity by. Design four-day certification you'll learn it.

Hook. Line and. Sinker ready to go out and make money using it if you come to. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh in. San. Diego.

August 20th through the 24th you'll learn how to use it to install the trades quality and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky. So not only will you have this awesome. Unstoppable inner game you'll also have the trades qualities and characteristics that make you not have to work quite. So hard not a bad deal right.

Just click the link www.nlpower.com forward slash h-l-o-a-ww.nlpower.com forward slash hloa hold on a. Second all right. Um. I'm gonna actually put this for those of you who want to take advantage of the offer.

I know some of our. YouTubers missed it. I did manage to get get them back online a little bit. I can't find my uh can't find my chat though not sure what happened there that way.

I'll post it in the comments section. Later guys. I'm sorry. I don't.

I. I don't know what happened why we don't get ready to give us a chat. But um. Anyway.

So um. Okay. So now what we're gonna do is we're going to go back to a principle. I gave you earlier how many of you wrote this down.

But the neurology creates the neurology accepts type in the chat if you actually wrote it down people love gray room and often asked to do it again yeah great room is a big favorite okay. This. Next technique the information is level one is the. First way to begin to create affirmations that bypass your limiting beliefs you see when you arbitrarily create an affirmation let's just use the old classic standard uh let me share my screen really quick um page um okay.

So. I hope everybody can see this. So when we think of an affirmation we'll just use a standard one every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better okay.

This is a very old affirmation it was originally created by a. Frenchman by the name of. Emil kui um and for decades people would literally just repeat this to themselves over and over and over again. But it would literally take tens of thousands of repetitions or people would start seeing event results the question is why and the best the best was the answer.

I can give you is and again this is for you guys in the chat for those of you who are on. YouTube. I know that it's hard to reach the chat let me ask you guys in in and hear a question if and again you will avoid taking this as a direction or a suggestion. But let's hypothesize for a moment that something happened to me one of my kidneys is defective or created had a disease or something like that and the only way to save my life was to get me a new kidney and.

I had a choice. I could put myself on the donor list get lucky and get a transplanted kidney from somebody else right. Or they could take some healthy stem cells from my kidney or my bone marrow and grow me a new kidney which one wouldn't work and it's not a trick question which one would not work assuming we had the technology to regrow a kidney now and it were possible which one would not work don't be bashful type it in the chat folks he's actually making us answer questions what's up with that. I thought this was a free webinar all.

I had to do was sit and do nothing and not think okay. Jack says the. First one put my name on a donor list get a new kidney from somebody else okay. Edie says grow a new one.

Sandra says stem cell same. Consciousness that caused a defective kidney assuming we have the ability to grow a healthy one again. I'm taking. I'm taking it from the healthy kidney the transplant.

Brad says. Ah. Brad's thinking both would work. But one requires what a lot of anti-rejection drugs this is why what's another word for rejection anybody what's another word for rejection protection okay.

Denial resistant nailed it. Mark rejection is a form of resistance. So law of the mind says that you won't do anything that you don't want to do or that's not in harmony with something that's gone before if. I give you a suggestion it's like that transplanted kidney.

But if. I can get you to create your own suggestion it's like growing a new kidney which one has more probability of being fully accepted by. The. Host the grown kidney or the transplanted one absolutely it's a it's really a no-brainer when you don't overthink it.

But this is analog this is a metaphor that. I want you to understand about why sometimes the suggestions you're being given or are giving yourself don't work one it's coming from the wrong part of your brain two it doesn't it's not in harmony with your deeply held belief systems okay. Your neurology is designed to keep you the same let me replay that okay. Your neurology is designed to keep you the same in hypnosis and.

NLP and other derivatives we talk about something called the critical faculty of the conscious mind the critical faculty of the conscious mind is in place to keep you from changing too quickly it's designed to filter out any information or communication that doesn't match what you've accepted is true inside your mind let me repeat that it's designed to filter out any communication or suggestion or direction that doesn't match the model of how the world's supposed to be inside your mind and. So when you when you write an affirmation from the neocortex level you're writing from a conscious mind level your conscious mind is the weakest most anal retentive part of you it's the two-year-old of the body when you accept when you take suggestions from another human being and try to apply them to yourself it's crap shoot it's a crapshoot because that other person's mental syntax the way they think and how they think and their value system and their belief systems may be very different from how yours is structured because that structure is different it won't have the same effect necessarily on you that it would on them are you guys with me. So far can you see the big picture here. So the question becomes how do we create suggestions and affirmations are just suggestions and directions we're giving to ourselves how do we create suggestions and directions that align with our nervous system that align with our value system and align with our belief systems conscious and unconscious how do we do that it's very simple actually and again when you come to.

Hidden laws. I will explain all the linguistic tricks behind this. I'll explain how it works why it works. I'll let you try to disprove it or make it not work and you'll prove to yourself that it does.

But because. I want you to have an experience we're going to do this process let we call this the informations level one there's like three or four other levels of this that we just go deeper and stronger. But this will get you started okay. Before.

I do that though. I want to remind everybody that we're coming to um the the close of our our webinar for today and. So. I want to make sure that um you guys if you're on if you were on the fence about any of of the offer that we've got going on today.

I want you to make sure that you grab your offer and for those of you joining us um on. YouTube. I will post this link for you in the comments section um it's the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction uh ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course um this is one of the most powerful program of powerful packages we've ever put out it includes the entire hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation.

Mastery. Program it's a 1997 value you also get the vibrational influence. UK special edition 2497 value we're going to give that to you free you can get vibrational healing home study course 2497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to secrets of. Personality transformation 2497 value free hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class 1997 value once again we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get the attraction. Mastery four day intensive that gives you the the actual social. Dynamic tools to attract and keep and find your soul mates okay. So soul mates is mostly about inner game and the characteristics personalities and temperaments of what you're looking for and how to get it and attraction.

Master are the physical techniques and skills necessary to find and attract those people and keep them as part of your life right. So there's a yin yang combination there we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a one thousand a ten year or 11 year archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and for those of you who register for the free.

VIP super ticket we're going to give you a twofer you're going to get a. VIP super ticket to the hidden. Laws of. Attraction live training scheduled for.

August 20th through the 24th here in. San. Diego we're also going to throw in as an extra value bonus we're gonna throw in a free virtual ticket. I call it a fast pass a fast pass to our.

Next identity by. Design four-day hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification program. So if you're looking to increase your hypnosis skills transform yourself from the inside out uh find it create another. Revenue stream for working with your coaching clients this is the class you want to take you can do it all from the comfort of your own home we have some of the best uh.

Proctors available. Holly's been with us and been in our exclusive. Zoom. Maven for almost four or five years now and people absolutely love her you'll be in the room with me virtually and she'll be making sure that you get all the experiences you need to qualify for the provisional certification that we offer for those of you who attend okay.

Um total total for that identity by. Design course is three thousand one hundred and fifty dollars it's not listed here. But the total value if you were to get that the entire package we're talking about would be 21 497 dollars you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of 397 each all you need to do is go to www.nlppower.com forward slash hidden. Laws of.

Attraction it's www.nlppower.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction one more time with feeling that's www.hidden. Laws of. Attraction forward slash hloa all right. So.

I wanted to get that in before we come into the information segment um because again some of us are some of the folks are joining us on. YouTube. I know they missed a chunk of the the prep work. But uh hopefully.

I've done enough review that they can follow along and get the benefit from this. Next piece okay. Uh let me go back and stop sharing here and. I'll stop sharing here all right.

So going back to the information. So how do we do this how do we how do we craft a statement um or uh how do we craft an affirmation that bypasses our limiting beliefs again goes back to this idea what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts. So. I'm going to go share my screen again and.

I'm going to help and this would it would probably be useful for those of you who really want to grab this or you know get you know get a hold of this process get out a note a piece of paper and a pencil and write some of these out for your application right. And um well my what. I might do is. I might spot check you guys and just have you share some of your your informations in the chat and.

I'll give you feedback on them okay. So let me go ahead and put this up put this up okay. So instead of every day in every way. So.

I can make that a little bigger okay. Instead of every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better thousands and thousands of times. I could write every day in every way.

I am getting better and better because and fill in the blank with whatever pops up. First. So take a moment write down every day and every way. I'm getting better and better because what's the.

First thing that pops up in your head write that down and fill it in the blank and. Then do it again every day in every way. I'm getting better and better because okay. Now you may notice that each time you do this you get a slightly different answer that's okay.

Because whatever answer your nervous system gives you is the one it will accept let me repeat that whatever because response your nervous system gives you is the one it will accept it's the one that will allow it to make that suggestion come true okay. Just to test it write that write this affirmation write this information structure down a couple more times just using the everyday and every way one pay attention to what your unconscious mind answers and. Then what. I want you to do just like we did before.

I want you to read the answers out loud pick you know do five or six of them and either pick one and read it out loud five times or read them all at once five times and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and type in the chat what you feel type it in the chat. I'll wait. So redo says. I want it.

I want to be happy. Kavita says. I deserve it okay. Now you don't need to write the answers.

But they are they're all good okay. Now when you sorry when you physically speak those affirmations or those informations out loud what happens in your body what happens when you when you speak them out loud what happens in your body crystal says it gives a feeling of confidence reader says feels alive fireworks. Edie says how many repetitions of the old way. Kavita says slight discovered okay.

Now now that you've found the slight discomfort. Kavita point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture and just like you saw me do trace the outline of it make it bigger make it smaller notice how the feelings change put a big old frame around it find the find the knob white out the screen dark out the screen write the lessons on the screen. So you keep all the lessons let everything else go shrink it down notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your other than conscious mind moves that picture all the way up over the top of your head back behind the. Horizon where it disappears completely it's nailed back there for all time foreign back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead oh yeah.

Kevin and. I went really fast and it's okay. Take as long as you need to do that okay. Go back and watch my watch this process again and again and again this is why.

I gave you the. Magic. Frame before this okay. Because in most people you're going to get fired up really quick how many notice you got in in five in less than five of the information forms or less you got more fired up than if you did a thousand of the old ones true or not true okay.

Jack says lots of yeah. So if you want to use affirmations this is how you do it and if you have an experience um like. Kavita does point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture put the lessons on the screen put a frame around it shrink it down move it behind you do the do the informations again and just keep building on it because these only get stronger and stronger and stronger if you want to take it even further point to where in your body you feel it turn it into a color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your whole body now your entire system is resonating and pulsating with that frequency at the right. Amp with a super strong amplitude programmed for the right.

Thing and it's fun true or not true because if you're not fun you're not having fun you're not being effective once you embody this there's all kinds of other things that you can do with it okay. What you've done is you've created a vessel and a crucible for lack of a better word where you can create and mix alchemically the vibrations for the manifestation of what you want you've purified that vessel by finding the icky spots and removing them and. Then you create use a system that works in harmony with the deepest most. Primal levels of your body and mind to create a an instruction and a.

Direction that bypasses the limiting the reasons why you might not do something and works and focuses on the reasons for why you will remember when your unconscious mind gives you that answer it has been vetted by every single belief system uh experience infinitum that you've had and it's been passed and processed and vetted and cleared by all of it. So when you give though that that sequence of internal and external information back in the way. I've given it to you it functions like a direct command to your system and because it matches every password at every level of the system it all goes in and there's nothing to fight back against there's nothing to resist or reject does that make sense okay. So um we're going to do a.

Last call we've got one more lesson on the informations that we're going to do what we're going to do now with this is we're going to customize it now what. I want you to do is. I want you to write down on a sheet of paper five things that you want to manifest. But now what.

I want you after you've written those five things down what. I want you to do is. I want you to use the information structure to create affirmations or instructions to your neurology that your nervous system will actually accept. So write five things down in the using this after this.

Yin formation structure right. Every day you know whatever your information is let me go ahead and put this here um let's. So let's say. I want a six figure business.

I now earn six figures because fill in the blank. I now attract my soul my perfect partner because. I now win every interview because. I now easily finish my book.

Because right. So again um. I now clean my house joyfully or. I now joyfully clean my house let's try that.

I want you to play with this right. Again. I'm giving you examples you don't have to use my examples. But the the point here is is that.

I want you to understand this structure. So that when you start using doing your. Law of. Attraction work you have something that actually works for you and it works really fast you can't see the examples um are you sure we do because they should they should show up huh hold on a.

Second there we go is that better oops can you see him now oh they showed up there okay. Okay. So once you've you know just. So.

I know that you've got this um just cut and paste one of your full fully formed informations um in the chat. So. I can see it foreign that just makes it smaller. I'd already done that.

Brad the problem is if. I. I can use my mouse okay. I now earn six figures because.

I work towards doing it. Kavita what happens when you say that out loud does it feel good yeah see see that's something your nervous system will let you act on can we go in and clean up all the limiting beliefs and all the things that are in the way and all the thoughts we didn't know we had and all the beliefs we didn't know we had and our dominance yeah we can do all that we absolutely can in fact you'll learn how to do it. But that doesn't help you today it doesn't give you it doesn't give you a way necessarily to create the foundation prime the pump get out of the way and. Then fire the bullet.

I am saving more and more money to go to. David's seminars good okay. Anybody else want to share rudu says. I now feel very.

I now. I think she was supposed to have a feel there now very healthy and achieve my desired self because. I started listening to my body more good good. I now choose to be free of and healed from any negativity and unhelpful limitations from my past because.

Mark okay. What. I'm looking for is the because. I need to see it because to be it needs to have a because in it to be informate a level one information okay.

Remember because is the magic word that takes things from a neocortical response to a deeper one because that is not what. I want very good now say those things say those informations out loud with the full because because. X after it and notice what happens to the body feelings okay. You guys on.

YouTube you can do this at home as well right. I showed you the techniques because. I'm educate. I'm an educational and.

I'm applying it to my life very good now it's it's funny right. It sounds you kind of laugh at yourself for saying it. But when you read the whole. Yin formation out loud notice what happens to your energy level notice what happens to your desire to do it and and the belief that you actually can right.

You stu when you use this process you literally stop fighting and resisting yourself does that make sense all right. Well my my friends. I hope you've enjoyed tonight's uh training. I really really want you to go ahead and click that link now to get your.

Last call for the two for ones you know uh repeat after me. I'm now. I'm now clicking. David's link because answer the question and.

Then do that right. Uh once again let me just um go to our page here once again remember this is this is quite literally the best the best deal we've ever given um it absolutely covers and checks all the boxes gives all the dots guy says. I study because. I really enjoy this subject and will improve my life beyond my dreams excellent excellent.

So once again hidden. Laws of. Attraction um let me see if. I can make this a little bit bigger doesn't look.

Like it's going to get any bigger. So. I'll just have to deal with it uh includes the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course 1997 value vibrational influence. UK 2497 value we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing home study course 2497 value we're going to give that to you free sequence of. Personality transformation 2497 value for re uh hidden laws attraction soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class 1997 value free attraction. Mastery four day intensive two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free uh now be power. Mastermind mentoring.

Practice. Group three months trial to try it out and let an apple access to 11 year video archive one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value for free and of course you're gonna get the free. VIP two for one ticket you get the hidden loss of. Attraction live three-day training super training here in.

San. Diego. California and you also get a free virtual fast pass to our. Next four day identity by.

Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification streamed live from. Las. Vegas. Nevada um.

July 17th through the 21st um. Ritu says you mentioned that these courses also help attract clients for a pretty new coaching business yes. Very much very much uh. Mark says this was just spectacular thank you.

So much. Amazed by it all very appreciative thanks. David you're welcome my friend that's what. I'm here for all right.

Listen it's your life it's your choice all you got to do is take the actions your world can be everything you want it to be. But you have to make the decision that you deserve to have it and all you got to do to prove it to yourself is click that link go to www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a www.nlppower.com forward slash hloa uh to quote the great. Forrest. Gump that's about all.

I have to say about that in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song maybe do a few informations seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long bye everybody click that link and let's get this party started good night. God bless take care.
