Title: Attraction Mastery Secrets - Flirting For Fun &amp; Profit  (11-13-23 Part 2)
File Name: _0e3Bj_J_n4.txt
Video Id: _0e3Bj_J_n4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0e3Bj_J_n4

Is about finding out who you are and what makes you happy and becoming that within yourself. So that you're not running around looking for somebody else to do it for you you need to become the partner that you want to attract right. So we're going to talk about templates and checklists very very shortly. But one of the things we have to do was we're gonna we're going to use we're going to use their checklist and a lot of other neurolinguistic and and social psychological processes to create this phenomenon.

But we need a way to measure we need to know what we want and how we know that we're getting it yes. So wouldn't you say a person would really need to love them themselves like themselves before they even go out and kind of well it depends on what you're looking for okay. One of the thing in soulmate. Secrets which is of course about it's kind of like it's on the spiritual romantic side of things because everybody a lot of people um they keep meeting the same person with a different face and the reason that happens is because they have templates and wounded ings from childhood from previous.

Partners from their parents and their parents parents that are are actually driving what they find attractive not because it's attractive. But because it's familiar and this is one of the things that we need to really understand if we want to start to to generate attraction there are many different ways to generate attraction one of the most common ones is what we call the familiarity principle how many times have you read a story about some rich. Orange. County person or sleeping with the.

Milkman or the pool person right. And maybe they're not even that cute right. But they keep. But they see them every single day and what's what's been shown is that frequency increases attractivity the more somebody even if they don't if on a scale of one to 10 you're a solid five or six if you show up every day for six months it's going to climb up to a seven it's going to climb up to an eight it's again it's the long term.

But these are things that hacked the nervous system this whole frequency idea now do we want to wait six months well. I don't know. But the idea is the more things become familiar the more attractive they become and that's the. Bugaboo when we're dealing with the human nervous system the templates that are driving our romantic bus have been with us since the time we came out of the womb your human nervous system sorts for what's familiar what was their.

First okay. Your values are going to evolve from that. But there will always be this gravity towards what you grew up with or what was familiar growing up soulmate. Secrets is about okay.

This is what. I want this is what. I'm getting how do. I make that transition what changes inside of me do.

I. I need to make to become that person and what are the qualities in my partner and how will. I know that. I'm getting it and that brings us to something called the checklist okay.

You see at the center of this diagram let me just go through this real quick. So we we talked about knowing your outcome knowing what you want now. I have about 35 personal injury attorney clients who use the exact same stuff. I'm teaching you to depose witnesses to win to do jury selection to do negotiation mediation.

I literally have seen on video expert. Witnesses for my clients opponents voluntarily trying to wave their attorney client privilege to answer my. C my students questions because of these. Technologies there's nothing here that's theoretical the good news is it's 100% ethical.

But it's only as ethical as the person using it there's if you use the system the way it's taught you never need to lie cheat steal misrepresent or confabulate in any way now there are systems out there where where truth is kind of an nice idea right. But those are mostly per military and. Espionage applications okay. Right.

This can be used for that. But it wasn't designed that way it was designed to be on the on the right. Side of of ethics and honesty and integrity that being said it does make use of some extremely powerful neur ological processes and psychos psychosocial processes. So.

I want you to understand it's fun and it's free and. I want you to take this out and use it some of this stuff you're going. You're going to hear me say it you're gonna go you're full of [ __ ] best part is you don't have to believe anything. I'm telling you just use it right.

And you'll find that all of your relationships will change even ones you've had for years okay. So the. First thing is know your outcome know what you want know how you're getting it. Next is control your state now this is my good friend here is a.

Chiang person and one of the things that we talk about in. The. Chiang world is you have these three bodies right. You have your your soul your.

Eternal. Soul. Then you have your physical body right. Then you have your energy body.

Then you have your spirit body your physi your physiology controls your psychology. So anything that changes what happens in your body changes what happens in your mind which takes it from the physical form to the energy form to the to the spiritual form that's where they all meet right. Said that which part psychology okay. Your physiology controls your psychology right.

I've been saying this for decades. So uh it is and and one of the things that we're going to talk about is we want to make people we want to move through the world making everyone we meet feel ridiculously good about us okay. Now here's the the corollary to physiology controls the psychology the fastest way to change anybody's body feelings is to change yours. First fastest most reliable way to change your feelings is by changing your posture and your breathing come on in don't be bashful right.

You look. Familiar have you been to my meetups before yes. I remember all right. Um what's your name again.

Cynthia welcome um let me go back to menu for today and. I love questions. So don't be bashful uh. I.

But. I will warn you the more questions. I get asked the more rabbit holes. I tend to go down.

So um. Cindy what do you want to learn today what do you want to take away from today's class a new man why not sorry. I had a had a old cartoon moment nothing in particular or just okay. All right.

So this is if if we could sum what we're doing up in terms of uh. NLP speak this would be rapid fire deep level. Rapport right. And here's the thing you understand about rapport whether we're talking about energetics whether we're talking about romance whether we're talking about negotiation mediation networking therapy the deeper the.

Rapport the more things are possible energetically if. I want to influence your your whole system the more. I can get energetically in rapport with you the more influence. I have over that system because the system stops thinking of me as something different or separate and that's where really cool things can happen.

So physiology controls psychology we want to move through the world making people feel ridiculously good the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours. First. So let's play with that. First and uh there's there's a fun drill that.

I'm going to. I'm going to give you guys um when we go out to interact with people we've got to get our state right. So that's what this little model is about controlling your state when. I from let me give you a little bit of a background about where a lot of this material where.

I got started. I don't really hide the fact that a lot of the things. I learned um were were came from the dating and seduction fields of the early 2000s and things of that nature because. I never wanted to be a therapist um when.

I when. I was. First learning about these kinds of things there were only three things. I wanted in life.

I wanted to get chicks kick butt and be cool and because. I didn't have the answer to any of those. Pro those questions. I became pretty fanatical about finding ways to solve my problems and that's why.

I'm sitting here today is because. I had to sift through a lot of crap sit through a lot of seminars read a lot of books and. Then test a whole lot of stuff to figure out what actually works and. I don't feel like.

I have to take a shower after using it because there are some things that. I studied that. I've studied with both very famous teachers and very infamous teachers and and one of the things that happens is people leave an imprint psychic imprint for lack of a better word on the techniques and the systems that they that they create. So one of the things that became very very obvious is that people need to get their feel their body feelings under control before they engage with people now how do we do that posture and breathing how many people here have ever heard of a a.

Woman by the name of. Amy cudy okay. Your. First homework assignment is to go to go to.

YouTube. TED. Talks find power poses by. Amy.

Cy it's an amazing talk uh. Professor cudy is an amazing researcher uh and she's actually done the scientific validation of the things. I'm going to share with you now in my corner. I was teaching that stuff back in the early 2000s her her material came out around 2010 2012.

But she's done the hard science. So here's what it is if you take any particular physiology assuming you know what that physiology is what it unlocks and you hold it for at least two minutes the hormonal balance and your psycho emotional states will change to the point where you can actually calibrate it through a blood test like if if. I take a a basic. Victory post when when people even blind when they when they win they go it's just hardwired into us right.

If. I take this pose and. I hold it for as little as two minutes minutes it's going to cause a chain reaction in my system that changes my hormonal balance it changes my body feelings and because of that it's going to activate something in your body known as a reticular activating system stud that yeah okay. The reticular activating system.

Ras for short is a part of your neurology that controls what you pay attention to and the meanings you assign to it. So if. I go into a room and. I'm feeling great.

I'm feeling. Victorious. I'm feeling powerful if there are eight things in that room that are negative and two things in that room that are positive because. I enter that room in a positive triumphant.

Victorious. State guess what. I'm going to psychologically and and intentionally. Orient on.

First the positives. So if. I can tap into that state everything about my. Consciousness changes now this how does this apply to dating most people and when we're talking about dating or or approaching for that and we'll talk a little bit about the.

Dynamics of that both both genders want to be approached. But they have different. Hang-Ups and different fears about the approach men are terrified of getting rejected right. When they see an attractive woman they're like you can you can you can feel them psyching thems up.

I'm the greatest lover in the world. I'm the greatest love in the world. I'm the greatest love in the world. I'm the greatest love in the world and.

Then they go to make you proess [Music] like she's not interested. Anyway right. Yeah okay. Takes you by surprise throws you out outside your map right.

Yeah like dress that y that you're old school right. But we'll fix that. So now why why why does it become that way it's because even though the guy's in the corner consciously trying to build up his energy the reason he has to build up that energy in the. First is because he's been running shitty movies for the past 20 minutes before that of all the times he got rejected made fun of emasculated right.

All the things that he's running he's screwing up he's running movies that's changing his body feelings which change his posture and now he's running on pure willpower and. Then he gets within proximity beautiful women have a tendency to knock us off our game. Anyway you just automatically throw us into less than resourceful. States unless you unless you've been doing it a long time now women want to be approached.

But they've been sold to bill of goods too you see there's in certain and again this may be different with some of the younger. Generations. So please for everything. I give you you can find an exception we're not here to talk about exceptions we're here to talk about generalized templates that we can apply overlearn and.

Then we have the bandwidth to focus on the things that are different women two gaps in their socialization one is they're taught many times to use body language that doesn't signal to the person that they're attracted to that they're attracted to them maybe maybe you remember maybe you were taught this maybe you weren't were you taught and. I don't know. I'm just asking that if you're attracted to a guy or a girl don't make eye contact with them okay. But.

I bet you don't have. But. I bet you don't have. Pro.

I bet you don't have trouble making contact with a guy you're not attracted to. Boom there's the. First one you got to flip the script on that okay. If there's somebody you're not attracted to don't make eye contact the studies are there the longer you have eye contact with someone the more attractive they become.

I'll pull up a book. On. Amazon. But they've done studies at different universities with.

I they back in the like 90s and early 2000s they would literally have ey gazing parties where people get and they would just stare into each other's eyes. For like an hour it's kind of creepy if you ask me. But these are the things that we need to understand. So the.

First thing when it comes to approach and and attractability is you make eye contact with the people you are attracted to and avoid eye contact with the people you're not. But we're not taught that and. So the default many times creates the inverse of what we're going for right. Many women also when it comes to being approached they they they get nervous nervous about the approach not because they don't want you to approach.

But because they're afraid of the that you won't leave because what happens is a lot of times guys are. So focused on on on trying to get with somebody woman's sending off all kinds of subtle cues go away this not detour this way not not interested right. Now every woman in the place watching that interaction no. She's not having it.

But every guy in the place is going oh he's doing. So good why because you have different sorting mechanisms women as a byproduct of their evolution have developed this amazingly powerful social radar right. You can you can have a single guy standing in a group of women talking and at some unbeknownst moment every woman in the group knows the conversation is over and they're gone and our hapless hero is like [ __ ]. I'm alone how did that happen right.

So one of the things that we as men have to do is we have to train to get up to what women are what women are aware of naturally now because of the. S the degree of subtlty in their perceptual rate. I'm not here to be. Pro women or anti-men or or anti-men and pro women we need to understand the the differences about and the way the world is.

So that we can make it what we want it to be one of the other big problems is there's a gap in many women's socialization and. I think it's probably gotten worse now after the hashtag me to movements and everything else men are. So worried about stepping on a landmine that they won't. Approach at all.

So what happens is the people who wind up making approaches are the jerks and the sociopaths the people who don't care about your boundaries which again is is not your fault you've been sold a bill of goods in terms of positive social skills and positive body language body language of. Attraction you see the challenge is that because of the kind of body and and. I should. I should put this caveat out there the body language of shyness mirrors the body language of aloofness which is equivalent to being a snob and because human beings have an inherent negativity bias in other words if one good thing happens my nervous system assigns a gravity of one if a one bad thing happens my nervous system assigns a gravity of four power of bad by boy.

B. Meister go check it out. I'm going to give you a very long reading list now why is that important to dating or flirting or whatever a because of the inherent negativity bias of the human nervous system if somebody's in a bad mood they automatically see you through that filter it's just something you're going to have to be aware of. So you know how to manage it right.

We're going to talk about something very shortly called positive eye contact certain body language cues that as you're moving through the world you can sort for or initiate that lets you know where a person's at in terms of willingness to interact right. So we'll put a pin in that for right. Now. But one of the things that women have to learn how to do is.

So a lot of times they don't make eye contact or the person comes up and you just blow smoke in their face or something like that they they go away. But sometimes when they're in an interaction about halfway through that interaction woman realizes this this isn't happening this is not a. Rel an interaction. But she doesn't know how to get out of it why because more often than not she's given all the subtle cues that every woman in the place would pick up on.

But our our hapless hero who doesn't have the same social sensitivity doesn't perceive them if he knew she didn't want to talk he would leave. But he doesn't perceive it. So he thinks he's doing okay. Because he hasn't been kicked into nuts yet metaphorically or literally speaking.

So at the beginning we know women know how to handle that interaction. Then a lot of women when they get to the. Midway through the interaction when they realize it's not going to go anywhere there's a a piece missing from their extraction process they don't know how to extricate themselves from the interaction without lapsing into [ __ ] mode or with by pres or preserving the guy sell you've ever had it you're talking to a woman you think you're doing all of a sudden she just becomes the ice queen right. Why because you missed all the subtle cues that she was sending out she didn't have anything left in the in in the gun except [ __ ] mode it wasn't your fault except it was because you didn't pick it up ladies it wasn't your fault because you're both moving through the world remember.

I talked about checklists each of you has a checklist that determines how you know what you're getting is good or not good how many you ever heard of the psychological phenomenon known as projection okay. Projection says if. I'm angry or somebody hurt somebody me. I'm gonna.

I'm going to projected on you and make you the the perpetrator each and every one of you is moving through the world with a little checklist and you're projecting that out into the world and you're making the assumption that everyone you meet has the exact same checklist and when they're check when the things they do because they're we're all operating from our own checklist when the things they do from their checklist don't match the things from your checklist you either don't recognize it or it pisses you off because you interpret it differently right. So we need to learn how to elicit and understand other people's checklists now there's some very simple ways to do that. But you need to understand that if you're going to start playing in this in this in these. Waters the onus to change to do something different has to be on you you got to do something different to get a different result because and it takes energy to do that.

So let's play a little bit everybody stand up um where did where did. Moscow what are you doing out there okay. Well. I need you monitoring the zoom in please okay.

So. I want you to close your eyes. Think of a time in your life when you were having. The.

Best. Time. Ever best play time ever. I don't care what it was.

I don't care who you were with how many rules you were breaking what whether your past curfew or not. I don't care. I want you to remember the fun you were having. I want you to remember how you were were standing in that moment.

I want you remember how you were breathing in that moment. I want you to see what you were seeing hear what you were hearing smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting let those feelings come flooding back. I want you to really remember the way if you were standing stand the way you were standing in that moment breathe the way you were yes. Exactly breathe the way you were breathing now without changing a single thing about the way you're standing without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing as an active will try to feel bad it's a lot you gotta actually work hard to do it's hard right.

Because your physiology is stronger than your psychology. So the. First thing we want to do you can stop playing now you have a seat now this works the other way too in in a lot of our classes what. I'll do is.

I'll have you go into to the positive side and. Then try to feel bad and. Then what a lot of times. I'll have you do is.

I'll have you go back to a less than positive time go into that body language and. Then try to summon up your willpower and try to feel good for the sake of time most people can't do it. But the simple fact is if you want people to feel good around you the fast you have to change their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First okay.

Now in my other classes like hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation things of that nature this becomes even more important because the vibrational frequency that you're sending out to the universe is the sum total of your body feelings and. So if.

I can change your body feelings. I change your vibrational signature and. I change what the universe draws to me interaction it's also true if there's somebody. I want to approach.

I. I can approach them in a nervous. State a playful. State a curious.

State oh she's going to reject me state or he's going to reject me state which one are you want to be in. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to control your emotional state that state for most applications negotiation dating. V dire um is actually playful the more playful you can be the more powerful you become because when you're playful when you're relaxed and easygoing when you're just looking for the fun it neutralizes and fly it slips under people's defense mechanisms when a man approaches a woman in most social interactions some level of nervousness tends to come up either because she feels the sexual.

Vibe or or or possibility of one or there's a big strong. Human coming at them that they're probably not physically um capable of handling there's exceptions to every rule these are the things that that again are just part of the everyday life of of a human being of either gender. So we need to understand these things and find ways to buffer them okay. So one of the things we want to do is we want to start practicing positive happy.

States we want to find the fun in everything we do how would any you would like to be up to 31% better at everything okay. Here's all you got to do be playful now that particular statistic comes from a guy named. Chris. Foss how many people here know who.

Chris. Voss is or was. Chris. Voss was the lead hostage negotiator for the.

FBI and. Voss says when the hostage negotiator approached the bad guy the hostage taker with a playful relaxed easygoing attitude he was up to 31% more aware flexible adaptable smarter and his counterpart the hostage taker was up to 31% more compliant what if you could up your hit rate by 31% would that change things for you that's level one right. Now when you do that your your proprioceptive neurology your mirror neurons are going to interact with the mirror neurons of everyone around you that's going to cause a chain reaction in them they mo you ever hear the expression emotions are contagious okay. If you can generate a strong enough emotional state and and embody it it will actually infect everyone around them around you and.

Then you will start they will start to feel that way and they'll think it was their idea. But who are they looking at when those feelings hit they're looking at you guess who gets linked to those feelings and here's the thing it's completely ethical and you can't get caught what someone say oh you're you're just making me feel good right. I see what you're doing you're have you're feeling good. So.

I'll feel good yes. Right. So again now obviously from a qualitative perspective this is important from a strategic perspective we want people to think and feel good right. So we have to think and feel good about us does that make sense okay.

Let me just check in with my. Zoomers really quick uh questions from the from our folks at home. So have thing there we go avoid feedback. So questions from.

Zoom um someone wants to deeper dive into three magic questions we have obviously not a new person to. Planet. David indeed. But it is on the to-do list someone actually called in about that to today okay.

Yeah we're going there for sure another person. I am in a relationship. I am a relationship coach and and. I am an relationship coach and love to be able to help my clients to become more free in their dating game okay.

Another person how long to flirt before walking away we have another learn to mask. Echo technique perfectly. So. I want to ask why.

I summarize what they're saying another person how to stay flirty to keep my marriage interested okay. Uh the same person with the relationship coach uh learning to make people feel good for no. Reason. I love that and.

Then we have another individual hi is it okay. For a girl to know your true don't overwhelm me with questions. Moss tends to just grown on and on until you're. Finally looking at.

I'm going. I love you. Moss make it stop make it stop uh you had a question yes. Fact if you go to heartmath.org they used to have a free ebook.

That you could download if they still offer it go to chapter six they literally strapped up a dog and his boy and sent them out in the yard to the play and within 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized they did the same thing with horses. So this is this is not something that is just a suggestion thing trust me. I know a lot about suggestion. But there's a lot of parts of us that are constantly taking in information that are driving our bus they're they're they're steering our our perceptions right.

So. I want to start. I want you guys in your personal practice to start working on ways to get in and out out of certain emotional states and be able to trigger those on demand at well now in our. CPI classes our killer influence classes our vibrational influence classes we devote a whole day to that where you're literally sending emotions back and forth making people sway and that's that's this yes.

Let's let's go ahead and get on microphone. So the people at home can hear us uh this thing on there we go um. So. I tend to have a positive effect on other people.

But being an empath. I tend to also over other people and. So. I was just wondering if you're going to talk about how do you also disconnect.

So that you're not okay. So when you're. I'll just give you a real quick one when you are interacting with somebody and you get their feelings where do you feel it usually down here okay. From here okay.

So what happens in a lot of times with people who are highly empathic is these centers are very open. So what you want to do is. Imagine pulling in all of that energy moving it down into just below your belly button inside of you what will happen is when you pull that energy down though it's like turning the dimmer switch down on that awareness okay. The other thing you can do when you start to sense other people's feelings and emotions is ask yourself a very simple question is this mind just the act of asking the question creates a separation which allows you to let it be theirs because if you don't ask that question whatever you sense becomes yours right.

So in the medical. Chiang that. I study when when we're dipping into people's bodies right. A lot of times will trigger an emotion right.

And the moment. I feel it. I got to go and breathe it out or grab it and pull it out because if if. I say oh that.

I'm. I'm feeling. X now it's mine your body just accepts it. So there's different ways to handle that.

But as you're dipping in and you're feeling again this is not the medical chiong or ton workshops. I do those. But that's again when you when you say. I'm feeling this way or that's why do.

I feel this way it actually kind of make you make it kind of yours. So the. First thing you can do is ask is this mine another question you can ask and this is one of the the the amazing things about your nervous system is that you're the quality of your life experience changes by the quality of the questions that you ask. So when you feel a sensation in your body aside from the question is this mine or somebody else's what else could this be.

So if. I get a feeling that. I. I.

I interpret as fear or anxiety. First thing. I want to do when. I become aware that to is what else could this be just the act of acting asking that question separates the label from the sensation and gives you the opportunity to label it something else which your nervous system will now attach different meanings to and you'll access a different set of memories now if you want to get this the.

Neuroscience behind that how emotions are made by. Dr. Lisa. Feldman.

Barrett it's a theory of constructed emotions okay. Like. I said there's there's redonkulous amounts of of. Neuroscience.

But you don't need to know all that to do it all you really need to do is know what you want know how you're going to measure it which we're going to get into very shortly get in the right. Psycho emotional state by using your physiology and your breathing. First and that was the whole purpose of that. First drill.

I didn't forget you. Zoomers just bear with me okay. When. I'm going to approach someone or when.

I'm going to get into an interaction if. I'm going in there serious nervous afraid that's what they're going to pick up right. If you have if if you can't quite get it all under control the. Next best thing you can do ask me what.

I do for a living ask me what. I do for a living what do you do for. I'm an ass model you might have seen my ass on a bunch of different covers now is it it's obvious. I'm.

I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm bullshitting it right.

But. I'm doing it in a fun playful way right. That's cocky funny or if if she were if if. I made a joke and she touched me just hey this ain't free.

I'm not a sausage with 50 bucks right. That's cocky funny that's it's like teasing your braty kid sister right. Very very disarming think. Moonlighting if you ever watched the show.

Moonlighting or or any you ever watch that that snarky one-upmanship. Dynamic that's catnip in relationships the reason. I bring that up is because if you're going to flirt this is kind of the energy that is helpful to have the problem is if you don't have playfulness down you're not cocky funny you're all [ __ ] and no. Fun right.

And and that and that was that was the problem that my friend. Joseph had is he would go up and he would approach these people. But he was. So nervous and he was.

So stressed he would deliver these teasing lines and they would get blatantly offended why because he had the technique right. But he didn't have the state right. And if you want to make approaches if you want this to really work it's got to come from the body. First you got to get your body state right.

If your body state is right. 93% of everything you need to do happens automatically literally if my body feelings are right. My posture is right. My breathing is right.

My gestures are right. My tonality is right. My eye contact is right. I could get all the words wrong and still be redonkulous attractive why it's because all the other things are handled automatically.

But when people are trying to learn these things they learn them backwards they're looking for the magic words the magic clothes the magic body language right. And they're. So they're managing it from you guys know how your brain is layered right. You have what we call the neocortex that's the new layer of the brain and.

Then you have what we call the lyic system which is kind of like the. Mamon emotional brain. Then you have right. In the center right.

At the base of the brain stem is. The. Reptilian. Brain attraction works from the brain stem up.

But most people try to do it from the neocortex down and. So everything is out of whack you're in congruent your words don't match your gestures your gestures don't match your posture your eye contact doesn't match anything right. Because when when you when you're in the throws of. Attraction this is what happens to eye contact hi how you doing if if you can do that sometimes hey what are you doing right.

Because you you're terrified of making eye contact like yeah you just again we're gonna. I mean. I'm. I'm.

I'm a. I'm pretty up on body language. But we're g to talk the big pieces today because if you can't get the big stuff you're you're going to completely miss the little things yes. Sir that's another thing is there's this thing in in in the in the in the pickup world called oneitis and what happens is you attach all of your selfworth and all of your entire dating future through the opinion of one person if this person approves me that.

I will be worthy and everyone will love me and they'll know that. I'm worthy right. We. TR it it doesn't make sense.

But this is how we work unless we're trained and we're educated differently okay. So know what you want control your state now like. I said we have whole trainings devoted to that. But the.

First thing. I want you to understand and and write this down as your physiology controls your psychology if you want to change your emotional state start with the body because the body is the most bulletproof way to to get and maintain a state yes. Cynthia sense. But it seems oh there's you have the ladies have all the microphones seems tricky seems like it involves a lot of training around your nervous system right.

Because you have to be able to it involves regulated well here's the thing knowing what states to embody is the. First step having a process to make that your. Norm is the. Next step what's nice is that your nervous system isn't stupid it's just slow to change because it sorts for what's familiar if you would get up and again we teach our our students this again.

I'm sorry to tease you guys with all these things. I'm trying to give you things that you can use without guess. I could spend an entire day and a half on just the state control stuff. But if you would to practice your power poses five six times a day 2 minutes that's 12 minutes a day each each segment my my calibration and this is just my anecdotal report each each pH lasts about 20 minutes.

So if the more you practice these these positive physiologies the more you make them habitual the more that will become your default. State okay. Now we also have and you're an actor. So um you've probably been in acting classes where they pract have you practice going into certain emotions as deep as you can.

Then coming out and going into other emotions we actually teach you to do that because actors are the most natural hypnotists on the planet you want to be a great hypnotist you want to be a great uh. Communicator take an acting class right. Because their whole craft is designed to do what me therapeutically. I do is to reach into somebody's world and suck them into mine right.

And. So the more you can bring those things out and engage people's neurologis the more compelling and charismatic they're going to find you and that's really where. Charisma starts is this ability to generate feelings and direct emotions to people and have them experience those right. That starts from the physiology the posture the breathing the eye contact right.

If. I'm in a fun playful. State it's going to. Ripple out and people will feel more relaxed and playful around you right.

It's seems very simple and it is. But it's not always easy because we got other [ __ ] happening all the time if you want this ability and it is a superpower believe me if there was a. Jedi skill at. Planet.

David and we got some really cool stuff not the pop-ups find you it um it's the state control in fact it's the one thing we don't actually release on. YouTube because it's that powerful. So posture and breathing. I recommend four basic.

States. First one is. Relentless. Second one is playful curiosity and.

Triumph these are four states that have a specific physiology now years will be slightly different if you practice them 12 minutes a day or more a you're going to feel a lot better okay. You're going to get healthier it's going to start to become a habit and. So the moment you begin to interact with somebody you're going to see somebody that you want to intera interact with you're going to decide what you want you're going to hit the posture you're going to make the approach right. When.

I'm teaching people how to do networking or um work in clubs and things of that nature. First thing. I'm going to teach them are specific body language meta frames. So we have four that we teach.

I'm going to give you guys. I'm gonna give you guys one would be two okay. First one is called the. Rockstar metaph frame.

Okay. So this particular process actually comes from a book. On hypnotic seduction written for women to use on men okay. The book.

Is called love transes by. Craig rinsky. I highly recommend that book. Love transes by.

Craig rinsky in that book. Craig talks about a client he was working with who on the attractiveness scale was a solid six. But all her friends were like nines and tens and they would go out together and they would go to clubs and every time they'd walk into a club she'd walk in with her friends and everybody in the place would swarm her and all of her nine and 10 lingerie model friends are going what you know and and you know. Craig was doing an interview with her and he's basically asking well.

So you're obviously not just putting out what's what's what's going on here what's got all these these people flocking to you to to to to meet you and and ignoring your friends said that's easy before. I go in. I just imagine. I'm the most famous pop star in the world that's my party and everybody's there to see me.

So she would literally spend five six. However long it took. Her to get into that state to step into that character the moment she got her physiology and her breathing and her identity right. Everything else cascaded from there it rippled out and.

So when she walked in she walked in like she own the place feel the difference in my energy how long did that take you just got to practice we've all done this as little kids pretend we were a rock star right. That's all you got to do it's as simple as playing pretend. But it's not fake it till you make it it's embod it. So that you radiate and emanate it does that make sense now what's going to happen when you get out in the real world is that people are going to try to control what identity you hold on to it's called a framew war right.

So there will like. I'll get. I'll give you one of my my little stories here back in the day when. I was really experimenting with this.

I had just moved to. California and um. I had. I was in.

Acupuncture school. So. I was getting ready to do. Clinic.

I had gotten involved with a group that plays with the sca called the clan dark sale they were a a pirate reenactment group and. So. I was in the process of learning about pickup and attraction and dating. I was studying.

NLP and all these other forms of of social influence and. I was trying to develop this character that. I was going to play in the sca and. So all these things are jelling and and merging around my head and right.

About that time. Pirates of the. Caribbean came out and. So.

I was like and. Then. I. I was like.

I was looking at. Captain. Jack. Spar and the moment.

I heard the voice. I knew. I had found the missing piece right. Now most of you know or maybe you don't know.

But the character of. Captain. Jack. Sparrow that.

Depp created was actually modeled off. Keith. Richards right. That's why he played.

Jack's dad in the in this in this in the sequels everything that that sparrow that became. Jack. Sparrow was modeled off of he's a rock star because and and and. Depp's thinking was.

Pirates were the rock stars of the. Seven. Seas right. And.

So everything he did was about this right. And. So. I'm thinking to myself well.

I'm exploring socially programmed anchors. I'm exploring characterization. I'm exploring frame control what if. I just started going around.

Zing like this all the time. So. I did for about 3 months maybe longer actually longer. But you got.

I. I just started going to clinic. So. I was going to the clinic.

First couple weeks as. David after that. I was. I was still.

David. But. I was a little different and. So people would come up to me who knew me and go why are you talking different.

I go what are you talking about right. And they like why why are you changing your voice and. I say why are you changing your ha why can't you you be some why can't you be original why why can't you are you really right. And every female in the place you sound just like.

Johnny. Depp no. He sounds just like me that's an amazing accent where are you from. Oklahoma right.

And for the. First couple weeks everybody challenged me to go back to the old me that's a frame. War everyone you know everyone you meet is trying to put you in a little box that box is based on their checklist the person who controls the frame controls the game now is it really a game it works a lot better if you treat it like one because. Then if you lose or or doesn't work out you just play another game right.

When we're playing our video games and we get killed or do we sit there and crawl into a bag of hog ands you know. I lost my video game right. But when we get rejected we sure as hell do don't we the reason we call it the game is because if you treat it like a game it doesn't hurt you don't take it is seriously which is the. First thing you have to do if you want to be attractive if you're not bringing the fun because you're too damn serious you'll never get to the long-term stuff how many people ever just heard this thing called online dating okay.

Here's the. First thing. I want you to understand they're lying to you now. I know you think you know what.

I'm talking about. But if you go to somebody's dating profile. I don't care if they're a man or a woman and by the way. I should probably give you my disclaimer if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you probably not the best use of your night my intention is never to offend anyone. But. I do tend to provoke people and if.

I do provoke provoke you it's your problem not mine. But no. Let me explain that let me explain that we don't know we have a problem until somebody. VES it.

But because of projection we blame the person that did the provoking instead of looking at who it was really about more often than not when people lose their [ __ ] on you it's actually not about you it's about somebody you remind them of that you just happen to trigger right. I spent about 16 15 16 years in the clinic dealing with that right. So you got to bring here's the thing if you go to a person dating profile you say. I want a partner who is obedient loyal.

Thrifty. Brave clean courteous kind cheerful right. Send them to the. Boy.

Scouts of. America page because that's basically what they're looking for right. Drinks red wine and much love dogs right. So you say.

I love dogs. I drink red wine. I. Was.

A. Boy. Scout click ghost right. Okay.

Assuming you have a decent p face right. And. I don't know what decent is. But let's just put the put the.

Attraction part aside. But you check all the boxes profiling and. Then you actually get to meet them and nothing happens. But.

I don't understand. I checked all the boxes no. You didn't because you didn't check the box that they didn't write none of those things matter until they're having fun with you. Sydney lber said at best.

Girls. Just. Want to. Have if you're not bringing the fun it doesn't matter about the other things unless they're very transactional if you don't enjoy if you don't enjoy spending time with somebody you'll never find out how loyal they are you won't stick around you'll never find out how much you know intelligent they are many times why because it it's it's like going to the dentist needs to be done.

But you know that's why we all hate dating does that make sense. So we got to focus on the fun. Factor we got to focus on being playful not taking these things. So seriously not not betting our whole life on the outcome of one interaction that's why.

I say go through the world and practice the stuff on people who don't matter now. I don't mean that. I don't say that to be mean or vindictive or or transactional it's you need to practice these skills on average everyday humans that you don't really have a vested interest in getting something from because the more you do it and you see the effect of these skills the more successes your neurology starts to log the more comfortable you become with these processes. So that when the time comes to deploy these skills in a situation that might matter a little bit more to you you have the skill right.

So stay control the. Next thing is get. Rapport. I'm going to teach you one of the most simple powerful most irresistible ways to get somebody's attention and keep it and you won't believe it you're going there right.

Now the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth literally you're going to actually you're gonna actually break up into groups and do this. I what it's called the echo technique now. I could give you all the different studies that have shown this. But we'll start with hostage negotiation uh researcher by the name of.

Alexander. Penland from. Stanford. University in his study on honest signals discovered that when people mimic each other their compliance rate goes up by 30% people who mimic their.

Partners in speed dating and uh job interviews got up to a 30 an average of a 30% pay increase when somebody speaks every filter they have is connected to everything that comes out is connected to this checklist every gesture they make every word they select the more perfectly you can match the checklist the more their nervous system literally canot pay attention to you because your your un your your nervous system is moving through the world pinging everyone it interacts with to see how many boxes it can check okay. The more boxes that you check the more focused on you they become and the more they want to interact with you the more they want to share and self-disclose. I'm teaching you the echo technique. First because if you like me somebody who hates small talk right.

Right. This is a lifesaver if you want to find out if this person is a fit for you this is a lifesaver. So people on. Zoom are asking about three magic questions we're going to go into that.

Next. But if you don't have. Echo technique down three magic questions is a little bit tougher okay. The most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay.

Now when. I teach the echo technique. I teach it in several layers we're only going to do level one here which is verbatim echoing okay. So when you get with a partner and you start having a conversation.

I want you to listen to what they're saying. I want you to analyze well. I want you to rep memorize it verbatim right. And.

I want you to use as many of their words in your reply as you can as close to the order they came out out as humanly possible now here's what. I don't care about. I don't care about how fast they talk. I don't care about what tonality they use.

I don't care um what words they emphasize yet. I want you to focus only on the actual words that they use okay. And. I want you to watch the response you get from people when you do this process okay.

One of the things you'll notice is that when people start to hear their own words come back they go into a very very powerful. Trans. State because everything that just came back is a perfect keyto lock fit to what they're looking for when they hear their own words come back they feel heard paid attention to understood validated and human beings are desperate for that level of connection and once they have it they will fight tooth and nail to keep it. So when you start going out into the world and playing with this be respectful because if you go to some place like.

Denny's or restaurants or or any place where a server can't escape you right. And you start echoing their words you will probably get better service than anyone in the place you might even get a lot of free stuff don't believe me just go out and do. But here's the thing because you press that button in your server they'll ignore everybody else. So you might get them in trouble okay.

This this particular phenomena has been validated in hostage negotiation uh therapy and uh in social interactions by penin uh. David. Grove and. Chris.

Voss three different places the more times you use their language the more attention you get and the more they start hanging. Hing on your every word and the more they talk now here's the part. I want you to understand the longer they talk the more attractive you become right. You've all experienced this for the.

First date phenomenon how many people done a. First date where you thought it went well and you never heard from him again right. Not not you you're a stud right. But in in many cases you're you're sitting across the table from someone.

I'll use a male female dynamic because. I'm old school that way right. And the guy's rattling on and on and on about he went this vacation he took. And how much money he makes because he's trying to make a good impression right.

And our our our hopless heroin going oh that's nice that's wonderful in her mind she's got a nice pick in her head going waiting for her bailout call when's my friend gonna call ring ring one moment oh. I'm sorry. I have to go my parakeet's having an existential crisis right. Why guy's thinking.

I was doing. So great. I never heard from again yeah because you weren't doing the wrong all the [ __ ] talking right. You got to flip that you got to get them talking about the things they love the things they're passionate about when you use the echo technique properly that will happen automatically they'll just start running off at the mouth.

Now ladies that's an amazing opportunity for you because the longer they talk not only do they become more attracted to you they self-disclosing [ __ ] that you you start checking your own boxes yes. No. Hell no. Hell no.

Bye right. Right. And that's where the. Next level of this comes in three magic questions protocol the three magic questions protocol starts with and if people want.

I can make a. PDF of some of the things recovering is this useful you guys sales oh yeah we it's not uncommon for people to up their closing rate by 40 50% boom right. It's a univers it's not it's not a sales thing it's not a dating thing it's a human thing here's the thing. I you know again in in flirting and dating and romantic applications always brings out the weirdness in people.

But. I'm gonna give you something very. I'm gonna tell you something very very true the echo technique is the most ethical and honest way for any human being to communicate with any other human being why because it completely matches the way your nervous system is designed to want to be communicated with now it's going to be weird for you to deploy the echo technique on somebody or with somebody else because to do what somebody else is doing means you can't do what you're used to doing we call that the spotlight effect any see you you're you feel organic when you can just be yourself and communicate the way it's normal and natural for you the problem is is that when you communicate in the way that's normal and natural for you it may not be normal and natural for the person you're actually trying to communicate with. So you need to step into their world which means it's kind of like trying on somebody else's clothes they may look.

Good. But you know they ain't yours and because you know they ain't yours you think they know it because you're projecting untrue. I challenge you to try and get caught with this you have to work really really hard the best part is if you adopt the attitude that. I teach along with this.

Echo technique which is this is the most ethical desirable validating way for one human being to communicate with another we use the echo technique because it conveys that we understand them because it actually does in order to use the echo technique properly you actually have to pay more attention to a human being than you normally would. But when you speak the words back they feel like you got them because they feel like you got them they want to give you more which means your value in their world goes up and if they catch you which happens from time to time they say why are you repeating everything. I say you just look. At me say because.

I want. I want to really understand you and. I want you to know that. I understand you is that okay.

Now if they say no. You got other problems. But that's the truth isn't it now you can only you can answer that for sure. But trust me or not if you move through the world coming from that place even when you get caught there's nothing to catch does that make sense you don't have to lie it the only time that things will go against you is if you get caught doing it and you stop remember.

I said everybody around you is going to try and attack your frame there's this. Old. Chestnut in classical. NLP that if you're trying to use.

Rapport skills on people and they catch you it'll break. Rapport here's the hack to that that only happens if you stop doing it if you just keep going eventually they'll just forget about it. But if you break if they break your frame and you stop you've just you've just validated their frame you've lost the frame. So again part of this job part of this process is learning how to stay in character stay in that mode right.

That's why what. I did in the clinic was. So helpful for me. I mean.

I had an acting background to begin with. But this was like trial by fire. I'm walking in with a patient talking like [ __ ]. Johnny.

Depp actually not. Johnny. Depp. Captain.

Jack. Sparrow different character right. Yeah right. And.

I love it if you go to you can go to my. YouTube channel you actually type in. Captain. Jack the hypnotist you'll see a video of me doing deep trans identification with somebody as.

Captain. Jack actually the character. I was using was aric the red international. Man of.

Mystery which was a hybrid it was actually. Captain. Jack. Sparrow.

Wesley from. The. Princess. Bride.

Austin. Powers uh a little bit of. Tim. Roth uh.

Tim. Roth character from. Rob. Roy and.

James. Bond that those were the pieces. I yeah classic romantic hero archetypes in a in a specific proportion with an emphasis on the silly and the slapstick right. That was the character.

I put together for my clan dark sale. But. I took. A small a slightly less extravagant version slightly less.

I put on my white lap coat and. I went into the clinic and. I just talk like this how are you today right. And it it every every female in again because that's my orientation every female in place probably some of the men too.

But. I wasn't paying attention to them like why a because. Hollywood spent a redonkulous amount of money to put that. Avatar.

Into the minds of every single person if. Hollywood puts spend all that money to put it there why don't. I just use it that make sense. So this is again this is what.

I do when the power goes this is what. I. I geek out on this stuff right. But my job is to make this easy control your body control your breathing when you approach somebody hold the energy make sure it's a fun playful outgoing.

State now let's talk let's talk a little bit let's close the loop a little bit on your body language and. Then we'll get into the echo technique and. Then we'll do three magic questions you guys having fun yeah yes. Sir questions let me get these guys doing uh doing their exercise and.

Then. I. I will actually. I will have my whole undivided attention.

Okay. So body language body language is on a. Continuum okay. If.

I walk up to somebody like this right. First of all. I've got a massive graphite pole up my ass right. So.

I'm probably pretty reliable you could probably guess that. I'm if. I say something. I'm probably going to do it.

But do. I look. Fun no. Right.

But when we talk about people who are honest sincere trustworthy. Dependable reliable what word what metaphors do we use say straight shooter standup guy upright. Upstanding everything about that language presupposes this orientation how do we talk about people who are evil. Sly okay.

But think of it spatially bent. Twisted crooked. Sanctuary fanuary right. So we have evil.

Dudley doy is this guy exciting is this guy exciting he's terrifying right. What about this now why are you laughing you you just suddenly you suddenly felt playful didn't you you suddenly felt mischievous right. So think about this from a body language perspective you have the ends of the. Continuum straight and upright.

Evil and twisted. But naughty. But nice right. Right.

All right. Going back to prior to the. Caribbean what was. Captain.

Jack's favorite posture right. Am. I symmetrical no. I'm not like this.

I'm like this you don't open a sports a swimsuit addition of. Sports. Illustrated or a hustler or play girl and the models are like this you see this why because asymmetry is flirtatious it's mischievous it's playful it's naughty if you want to step into that energy get into the physiology you see your physiology controls your psychology again physiology psychology body feelings perceptual filters emotional contagion now everyone in the place is feeling that energy why because you're embodying it from inside out you're not telling them how to feel it they're feeling it and. Inter and and it's a feedback loop and as long as you can maintain it 93% of what you think do will be right.

If you think of influence and persuasion as a 100 question test. But only 7% of it are the words you use only 7% which means if. I got the body right. Then the breathing is right.

The gestures are right. The tonality is right. The volume is right. The eye contact is right.

I can get all the words wrong still get an. A don't believe me play with it right. So when you're doing your. Echo technique change your postures notice what happens when you kind of see you're all laughing.

I didn't tell you to laugh because it's hardwired into your neurology people who who have just feel good whenever you're around them at some level they're doing something like this they may not be conscious of it. But it's there it's happening does that make sense. So here's what you're going to do you're going to you're going to focus on the echo technique okay. But we're going to give you the.

First rudiments of the three magic questions protocol uh let me find it really quick mq now this like. I said this original protocol was designed to for women to use on men it was designed as a 20 minute framework that within 20 minutes you would know everything you would need to know to know if these people were. Keepers or hell no. Right.

Now. I modified it. So any gender could use it in any application has three basic levels to this okay. So what does this do it rapidly generates a pleasurable stimulating conversation with ever increasing levels of emotional attraction trust and bonding that's going to happen automatically as a byproduct of going through the protocol if you start adding the other bells and whistles it's going to do something else especially because we're focusing on the echo technique what's going to happen is they're going to start self-disclosing they're going to start volun the more the moment they hear their words coming back to them they're going to volunteer more information and if you're keeping your.

State under control you're managing and measuring remember the whole idea behind this particular protocol is. ABT always be testing as they talk as you're moving through the levels of this interaction are they checking your boxes or you. Crossing them off because if they're not checking the boxes that's not the right. Person now this creates a very very deep level of.

Rapport very very quickly. So you as the person driving this this particular interaction have to be in control of your state you have to be evaluating the quality of their answers versus your values versus what you know checks your boxes now again in our trainings we go really in depth into this stuff. But. I can only paint broad.

Strokes why because if you don't keep that mindset you will become the victim of the attraction you generate how many people here have ever dated somebody with potential right. You don't want to date people with potential you want people who are actualizing their potential right. And if you've ever sat across from another person going with just the right. Person pushing the right.

Buttons they could this and they could be this and they could be this and we could do this you've just seduced yourself you've literally just seduced yourself right. Why because that person's agenda may be completely different their their desires may be completely different. But because you've already decided about your future together your neurology wants to make it happen. So the idea when you.

ABT is something. I teach all male or female doesn't matter always always be testing always be evaluating the information you're getting versus what makes you happy and. I don't care what the context is business negotiation jury selection whatever it is if they're not checking your boxes that's not the right. Relationship for you.

Chris. Voss. I think said it probably better than anybody no. Deal is better than a bad deal no.

Relationship is better than a bad one okay. You came into this world alone and regardless of who's around your bedside when you. Shuffle off this. Mortal coil you're going out alone.

So two things are going to make your this. So much easier for you they're they not always going to be easy to wrap your head around a seek to make your life as dramatically satisfying as humanly possible by yourself make your life the best video game you ever played and move through the world enjoying it because when you do the partners you attract will be in harmony with that it's easy to say it's not as easy to do right. You know and the other thing is is that um well that's enough that's right. But again because.

I got open loop because he loves to he loves. I love interaction by the way. But every now and. Then.

I get. I get sidetracked no. Worries no. It's it's not a problem yeah yeah it's you know we're terrified of being alone because we feel incomplete inside right.

No. Human being can complete you it's a lie it's it's a fallacy okay. But when you check all your own boxes and you move through the world the people who are in harmony with that will notice and they will seek you out you will go to places where people who have similar energies similar vibrations have hang out and things get easy right. The more in common you have with somebody the easier that relationship becomes the more you have to work to be in a relationship with somebody the more of.

Aur becomes right. Uh. Annie laa dating coach. I respect a lot.

I think it was her that said it relationships at work tend to work from the start why because the boxes are all checked this is how you start figuring that out in 20 minutes instead of 20 weeks of dating crash diets new wardrobes yes. The checklist. So would you say that if the person checks off like 80% of your checklist like that's good because 100% that's a lot it's a lot it's a lot you have to decide what your good enough is. But here's the here's the thing.

I tell my my students in soulmate. Secrets. I say when you're going through this process with a person imagine that the person sitting across from you 35 years from now other than being fatter and grayer maybe less hair is exactly the same can you be happy if the answer is anything. But a resounding yes.

Take your time take your time we we always get fomo for relationships right. The idea is evaluate the partner objectively because if and the reason that because when you start doing this you're going to feel attraction and the more attraction you feel connection you feel the more leeway you're willing to give now there's another aspect to this which. I usually teach in a different seminar was called defense against the dark arts it's all about social predators and how they hack these mechanisms to gain access to your life. I actually have a webinar coming up on uh.

Thursday called defense against the dark arts and we talk about narcissist sociopaths how to profile these people that's not the purview of this this is assuming the person in front of you is relatively ethical and honest right. So you're going to get into a you're going to get into a groups of two have two four six that should oh we could do two groups of three we'll do two groups of three and what you're going to do is when you do three magic questions there's a couple of things you want to do we're going to go much deeper into it. But. I want to give you a basic template right.

So level one questions are location occasion they're they're simple non-threatening questions about why you're there and who you're with right. So. I could say to. Eduardo.

So. I'm curious what brought you out tonight now he's actually going to answer me. But that's okay. Right.

Again here's the secret to this you always ask questions that can only that are answered with either an opinion a story or an explanation you never ask a question that's answered yes. Or no. Now the questions are simple they're they're open-ended they're designed for one simple thing to get them out of their head and into the world with you most human beings are moving through the world in their head thinking about everything where they're at and what they're doing they're checking boxes they're thinking about what they have to do. Next right.

That's uh can't do that right. Now honey sorry. Anyway that's the wife they're in their head checking boxes that's the worst place to try and influence them in these context we want them out of their head and end the world. So we ask them a simple question that makes them present right.

Right. So. Cynthia. I'm curious just.

So. I understand you better what do you like about tonight's lecture making you laugh cool and when it make and when it makes you laugh how does that what does that do for you excellent. EXC. I love it when people are engaged.

I think it's really important because when you feel really engaged. Then you get more out of the interaction right. You in it more things right. Look.

At her she's like how did that feel yeah right. How many times did. I stay engaged right. That was the word she emphasized when she was talking about the laughter and.

So. I overused it see how natural and organic. But. I can just now again without.

I don't want to make you self-conscious right. But if. I just looked at her and. I say engaged engaged engaged engaged engaged now she she's on the spot she knows what.

I'm doing and what do you feel every time. I say that word feel silly yeah because she likes to laugh because it makes her feel engaged right. That's the point there as again when when. I'm teaching the beginners they don't most of them lack the the sensory acuity to hear the words that are emphasized in a string of conversation.

So. I just make them remember everything. So you don't there's no. Guarant there's absolutely no.

Way you can miss it right. But the idea is when. I use those words it forces their nervous system to pay attention now that was level one question all. I wanted to ask was what did you like what did you like about what you've learned.

So far tonight right. She's going to give me an explanation or she's going to tell me a story or she's going to give me an opinion all. I'm going to do is pay attention. I'm going to acknowledge what she said words.

I'm going to validate her response thank you. So much for for letting me know that you're engaged in what we're doing. So just. So.

I understand you better when you're really engaged in a process what what what what happens. Then yeah she got she's smiling ear to ear because she's playing a movie in her head she knows exactly what happens when she gets engaged right. Right. She can't not do it yeah great and what's.

I'm curious when you say it's good what do you like what what makes it. So good see. So all. I did what did.

I do. I. I asked the question. I listened to her response.

I validated her response whether it's one word or 20 or 10 sentences thank you. So that's amazing when when you're engaged when it's good what's that do for you. I'm curious right. So.

I. I. I listen. I.

I pay attention. I validate what she says. I find some way to acknowledge and and and really reinforce that. I.

I'm on board with what she says. I. Echo her words and. I ask my.

Next question and. I just wash into repeat through the entire process now from there you're go to level two questions level two questions are always again the same idea story questions that can be answered in an opinion a story or an explanation we're going to talk about career passions and. Pleasures. So.

I'm curious. Cynthia what do you what do you love to do um. I like to sing oh wow you like to sing were you ever like in a professional do you do it professionally or more as a hobby. So.

I bet there's an origin story did you just wake up one day come out of the womb singing or did you just much this one can carry a tune right. So again that's level two question right. See how. I.

So you just come out of the womb sing there bet there's an origin story there right. Away she started thinking about without her telling me she started thinking about how she got into singing now along with that how she got into singing are all the good feelings that came with it yes. Who she's looking at guess who gets linked happens automatically. I don't have to tell her to do it.

So everything she loves about singing is now here and the more. I. Echo her word now she knows she's on the spot. So she's being a little reticent and that's okay.

Right. But the the longer. I keep her talking about it the more those feel the more intense those feelings get the more she's going to tell me about her favorite singing experience or the one that really locked it in for her that this was something that really and. I'm going to ask those kinds of questions why because it's about her it's about the things she loves about the things that make her heart sing no.

Pun intended right. That's an engaging conversation right. And if. I can make her laugh while she's doing it it's even better right.

So that's level two questions career passion pleasure now for most human interactions that's as deep as you ever need to go. But if you're in a in a in a relationship where you want this person to be a bigger part of your life a business partner romantic partner a best a bestie bestie right. Now we can go to level three level three are all questions about early positive childhood experiences who were your friends what did you love to do as a kid what did you play at right. We'll we'll delve deeper into the level three questions after you guys do the practice and.

I answer our. Zoomers questions. I want you to break up into groups of three a b and c a is going to be the person initiating the the the echo technique and the 3mq protocol. B is going to be the recipient.

So you don't have to do any echoing you're just your job is just to sit there and have a great conversation. C is going to be your manager. C is going to make sure that you're following the drill keeping time. So we're only going to do about five minutes a person to this and.

Then a become b b becomes. C till everybody's had a chance to go. Then we'll come back we'll debrief and. Then we'll go deeper into um level three and the dos and don'ts of this and.

Then um. I have lots of other things we can talk about um. But once you have this you're you're cooking is that is that useful okay. You can go anywhere you want you you can go in this room you can go in the.

I don't think. I think the other room is locked. So prob down in bar and it's all right. Uh.

Teresa can you kind of. Teresa if you're going to hang out can they're going to go out and practice in like the little lobby area can you just kind of. Proctor them on three magic questions and. Echo technique.

Teresa is one of our experts on this. So yeah all right. So give it about 15 or 20 minutes and. Then um we'll come back all right.

Let's go let's go to our. Zoomers and um we'll take it one at a time go ahead. I'm going to go back a little bit from towards the beginning and. Then we'll catch up to where we're at now um let's see here well hopefully.

I answered all the 3mq questions lots of 3mq questions yeah okay. Um. So this is going earlier though um. Kenneth asks.

David is it okay. For a girl to know your intentions of dating her because there is a girl. I was interested in and we had a wonderful time and when. I told told her.

I liked her she started to act disinterested okay. So that can go both ways one of the problems with again some of the things that when it comes to relationships are very counterintuitive they make a kind of sense when you step into the other gender the other person's position. But from our position they're not a lot of times um it's the uncertainty of somebody's um level of interest that generates the attraction. So a lot of times if you put all your cards on the table which is what the nice guys do um it actually kills the attraction okay.

Because if the if the person is uncertain or you're not following the script they start to wonder why and that actually generates more interest if that makes any kind of sense. So uh if she is being aloof there's there's two possibilities you're going to have to test one is um you scared her off because you got too. Qui you got too serious too quick you got you went from playful to romantic which sometimes that works a lot of times it doesn't the other one is it's a [ __ ] test it's a test to see how you'll respond when she goes cold will you chase like a puppy dog or will you man up and bust her stones and and and show that you're not needy you need to test that you know. But based on my experience that's that's the two directions or the two things that's possible okay.

I'd have to look. At her body language and and and some of the things that she says um it could also be that um you the way you said it or what you said triggered a memory of a past relationship and you just got in the way of that process. But you have to test it. Next that all right.

[Music]. So. Dam asks what are some subtle signs a woman gives off when they're not interested in the conversation and and when. I think referring to like also if they might get a little bit um before they get unfriendly like yes.

So one of the things you want to look. At three basic three basic areas you want to look. At. First.

First and foremost look. At their posture right. If they're repulsed depending on where they're feeling that that hesitancy that part of the body will start to move away sometimes they'll cover an area. So the if the body language starts to close off they're not feeling comfort.

So. I look. At the posture where where's the center line of their body pointing right. If they're pointing at you.

But they're kind of lean back at me from the side. So this is interest this is neutral this is. I need to get away right. So this is the ventral line of your body right.

Here this is where all of your organs are this is the most sensitive area of our body. So where we point this in relation to another human being dramatically tells us the level of comfort that we have with that person. So when you're talking to somebody. I.

First thing. I want to look. At is where is their. Center line pointed is it pointed directly at me is it pointed off to the side is there anything blocking access to that.

Center. Line area if there is. I know that. I have some degree of guarding going on okay.

If their hands are up or their their hands are up this way this is also a wording off gesture even though they're showing you their palms which many people consider to be a u a sign of. Attraction showing the. Palm for attraction is more this rather than this. So.

Palm showing depending on on the position combined with a vent a postural shift or vental orientation these are all things that can signal lack of comt now a lot of times they'll be very subtle a lot of times it'll just be this right. Or this right. They'll they'll find subtle ways or maybe they'll. Cross or or blade up anything any any movement that way can some level of discomfort also look.

At their pupils the more the more interested in you and aroused a person is the more their pupils will dilate the more guarded they are the more they'll shrink okay. So we one particular trait by itself doesn't mean anything. But when you start seeing them showing up in twos and threes the problem with with most interact is guys are. So focused on trying to impress the person they're not paying attention to the subtle body language cues that are happening during the interaction one of the things we're going to play with towards the end of tonight is what we call the mating dance which is the five to seven stages of.

Attraction going from stranger to intimacy where it's time to to find a place to be more private okay. But there's. So many the problem with body language training is that there are. So many variations that just memorizing them as a major feed.

But if you if you if you distill everything down to tics if the if if a person is um this is another person if they're facing me directly if there's no. Obstruction this is somebody who feels comfortable. But the more. I.

I create blocks or or barriers to this area the more uncomfortable or guarded un becoming the pupils are a good a good uh indicator of how much processing a person is doing. So the more they're thinking and filter ing their responses filtering what you're saying the more their eyelids are going to get slitted the more uh pinpoint their pupils are going to be. So those are the things. I look.

For hands feet if they're looking if from the waist up they're pointed at you. But from the feet down they're like this or like this the. Feet. Don't.

Lie okay. U most people can lie with their face unless they're dealing with someone who's super trained because we spend more time practicing this most of us don't work on our feet and. So our feet will tell us if we're towards or away from. Next want to thank you guys for hanging out.

I know. I was spending a lot of time uh with my live my live folks and the reason is. I play favorites the these people drove across town to be here and and. So.

I give them as much of my attention as. I can. I love you guys. But you're not here and uh followup question there.

I don't want the conversation to be episodic. But. I want to make her feel wanting more and more what should. I do okay.

Use the echo technique use the three magic questions protocol always leave the conversation on a high note be the. First one to leave the conversation don't when you when you exit a conversation when you exit an interaction don't be like a don't be like a dimmer switch where it just. Fades off and you just kind of you just cut it out a high point always leave them wanting more right. You've all had this experience you've ever been on the phone with somebody and um maybe you say something like you know.

I got to leave in a few minutes and say okay. Bye and all of a sudden they just they're just gone instantly and it's like almost it's like almost like they suck the air out of your lungs because they they they left. So fast that's the energy that that creates scarcity that leaves them wanting more always leave them on a high note when they start to. H it's time to go be the.

First one to to end the conversation and end it not like an [ __ ] or not meanly. But end it start suddenly that creates a kind of of of of scarcity impression um that makes them want to interact more they'll start wondering why do you hang up. So fast and they'll be spinning right. And it's very difficult to do 3 mqs when a woman doesn't have much time to talk.

I do my best to extend the conversation by 5 to 10 minutes. But she leaves what in these time constraint scenarios what what should. I do acknowledge that's a time constraint okay. Here's the thing when you use these these these principles on people they're going to want to spend time.

But if you're doing it in a place where they have to be somewhere and do something one of the worst places you can do this is when they're on their way to the restroom now you laugh. But people do that right. You have to think about your environment you have to think about the context in which you're interacting if you know that that person has a limited amount of time acknowledge that right. Set set it up through your conversation through your body language that it's going to be a short interaction deploy as much of the technique as you can and.

Prime them when's a good time to pick this up set a time set a date and if they show pick up where you left off be respect. I when. I was telling my my my attendees here when you go and you use the echo technique with people right. Especially like on servers in bartenders you're going to get amazing service you're probably going to get free stuff the problem is is that you could get them in trouble because they want.

So much to spend time with you that they're ignoring everybody else right. If you've got a a waiter or a waitress or or somebody who's got a be somewhere and it's important to them you're creating a conflict in them and it's a value conflict okay. And if you're and if you're not as high on their value tree as where they're going they're going to leave you like like. Gang.

Busters okay. So be very aware of your environment be very aware of the context if you know there's a time constraint work within it and set up a meeting or set up a continuation. Later okay. Celeste says men often start talking to me when.

I'm walking down the street. M and. I don't know how long to stand there and talk to them before. I go not sure if they're planning on asking me out or just being friendly okay.

So establish for yourself an arbitrary time limit just a standard time limit say someone stops you on the street say hey. I'd love to talk. I've. I've got about two minutes what's what's on your mind now the onus is on them to get to the point and you're not being rude you're saying hey really got to be somewhere.

I've got about three minutes. So yeah what what can. I do for you right. MEC says other than manifestation how can.

I generate attraction to try and get someone back it's been almost two years and they've been on my mind like crazy lately hasn't been any contact in about a year okay. So the. First thing. I would do for you is.

I would clean up all the [ __ ] regarding that person if you still want them because usually what happens when we when somebody we've got somebody we can't get off of our minds a it's not about that person it's about something earlier and. B 99% of the time it's not because that person left it's because they chose to leave instead of us choosing to to get rid of them and. So a lot of times it's simply we want the opportunity to reject them. I want to prove to you that you made the mistake.

I'm. G to get you back and. Then. I'm going to own you right.

Now. I don't know if that's true for you or not. But those are the patterns that. I see.

So. First and foremost go and clean up everything related to that person and everything prior to that relationship that maybe driving your boat see if you still want them. Then go sleep with fear four other people and if you still want that person after you slept with three or four other people maybe it's time to try and get them back. But here's the other thing.

I want you to think about if that person left you there's a reason do you know what that reason is do you acknowledge that even if you don't think it's true it's true for that person and you need to understand how they came to that conclusion and what you need to change in yourself for that to stop being an issue and can you win back their attention interest and desire to go back into another relationship okay. Remember people leave they leave for their reasons not yours and whether you agree with their reason or not it's their reason. So it's true for them. So the question is is it true and if it is how do you fix it.

So they calibrate you're different. So there's a lot of different ways you can handle that. Liam asks um it's. So easy to pick up quotes women.

I don't know how. I don't think about it when. I talk to him maybe that's it and probably yeah um let's see here uh. We've also had someone asking a whole lot about uh whether or not the.

Black. Friday deals app a. CPI to he's asked a few times. So it's now gone into the public chat and.

I figure. I'll just voice the question uh if it's in the if it's in the uh if it's in the if it's in the store yeah if it's not in the store. Then you have to call the office and deal with moss all right. There is your answer sir all right.

Um the thing that occurred to me that. I think you pointed that before. But um didn't mention directly when it comes to guarding like. SCH physician objects between the table things like that we'll talk about that a little bit more when we get to the mating dance right.

On all right. Uh. Zoomers and uh. Nigel who was asking about the uh.

CPI to says thank you um let's see here. Anthony. C says. LOL.

David always hits the nail on the head. I was there with her when my mom died. So that could be a big factor in my attachment for sure thank you my pleasure um. Damon asks what course to buy to go very deep in.

State. Control killer influence attraction. I would actually killer influence is probably even better than attraction. Mastery which we're doing live in a few months yes.

That's uh we actually have a live event coming up in. January if you want to get the full. State control training come out to come out to the. January training we're like.

C at like 30 people right. Yeah this room actually actually is this is when we fill this room it's done yeah. So that's going to be awesome it's. I'd recommend coming in getting the 22nd of.

January leave the 28 it gives time to uh come and go. But it's gonna be how much time we got left for them. Richard five minutes okay. What else you got guys come on you guys have a fun are you enjoying the show a wait for some feedback there.

But we have another question best ways to mask the echo technique best ways to mass the echo technique change your tonality change your speed change your volume turn statements into questions and questions into statements um when they speak a lot focus on the. First thing they said in the. Last um these are all way again what what what counts with the echo technique is the words not again if you this were an. NLP class.

BR know. Richard's not dead and. I hopefully he'll be around for a long time. But if.

Richard or or or uh. John grinder heard me say what. I'm about to say they'd be spinning in their not. Graves.

I don't care about their volume. I don't care about their tonality. I don't care about the tempo. I don't care about uh pitch.

I don't care about any of the pair language that they're speaking what. I care about is the exact words they use in the order and sequence that they use them whether. I deliver those words with a question a command a statement or in fragments it doesn't matter what matters is they're getting their very own words back and the more varied ways they get their own words back the more at the conversation appears to be and it is. But you don't.

But it it it it allows you to not have to be creative and come up with clever things to say all right. Now we have hi doctor. I just want to say that. I use the echo technique over a text with a girl whom.

I saw in public didn't even use it in person as. I was in a rush in five days she fell in love with me and we together for a month thank you. So much doctor you're amazing you're welcome you're welcome and again you don't have that's the beautiful thing about the. Technologies we teach in.

Planet. David. I learned a long time ago that. I want to focus on things that are that work whether.

I believe in them or not now if you believe in them great. But if we can distill things down to a simple set of mechanical processes that we can just deploy and calibrate results that's going to give us. Fuel and motivation and feedback that we can use and become more effective right. The cold behind everything in.

Planet. David is transformation and solving the problems that life gives us with powerful easy simple to apply solutions that are also fun. So. I'm glad when.

I hear people using the echo technique and getting really good results right. I my belief has always been that the more advanced the technology is the easier it should be to use that is not how a lot of my my brothers and sisters in the classical traditional. NLP and communication worlds tend to think they tend to think in more complicated eloquent articulate terms um and to me that just that tends to make our languaging more specialized. But not.

Universal. So. I'm glad when. I hear people using these things and getting getting such good results it just gets better the more you play with it the more powerful you become got two more questions here ja says.

David every time. I talk to guys. I go into immediate. Chuck how can.

I stop this. I don't know what. Chuck means what does. Chuck mean yeah you mean a choke.

I'm guessing that's what she means okay. So what's happening is a you've got some memories from earlier interactions that you're accessing and. So those feelings are infecting your interaction just like. I talk about the guy who's about to approach somebody who's attractive and they're running all the crappy movies in their head about when they got rejected same thing's happening with you.

So the best thing that you can do is go in clean up those memories vent the emotional charges and rehearse a different way of approaching start by controlling your physiology get your body feelings right. Learn a basic template and just play and chunk the pieces of the template down we'll talk about we're going to talk about when we come back we're going to talk about uh positive eye contact we're going to talk about the mating dance um and. Finally the three magic questions level three one of the biggest problems that people have when they're trying to learn these social. Dynamic skills is they try to do too much too fast that's the pastest way to learn nothing fact on you'll hear that over and over and over again when you come to killer influence the fastest way to learn none of it is to try to learn all of it right.

I literally on this computer right. Here right. Now. I have literally six months of training that just get deeper and deeper and deeper none of you will be able to use it because you haven't mastered the fundamentals yet right.

So. I give things that are fast effective lay the foundations once you've proven that to yourself you come back you add another piece to it you just get better and better better. But as long as it's easy as long as it's fast as long as it's fun you'll do it and if you do it you'll get better at it and. Then you'll have room for more it's not about especially with persuasion and influence whether it's dating or negotiation or mediation or jury selection or whatever other therapy or whatever application it is in this particular field a little bit of information applied well is way better and way more effective than a lot of information not applied at all or applied half assly okay.

And. Echo technique is the skeleton key to the human nervous system if you really get this people will open up and you can re them like a book. And if they don't if you can't read them like a book. They'll read the book.

To you couple more questions. I'm just going them as best. I can the order they came in um. I think it's.

Sigma over uh. YouTube has asked do extroverted and introverted women share similar signs of being attracted to men is there any difference uh extroverted people will be far more talkative generally speaking um introverts by their very nature tend to think more about what they say before they say it okay. So their body language may not be as large one of the things. I do have.

I. I do want to caution you guys about a lot of us are shy or have some level of of social anxiety. First of all understand something social anxiety is actually a human thing it's not something that makes you broken every human being has this stranger approach mechanism that signals a little bit of stress when somebody approaches that doesn't mean you have a phobia it means you're human. But the meaning you assign to those feelings will determine the frame you wrap around it which will determine the behaviors that arise from it if you have experience a feeling of of um arousal po neurological arousal when someone approaches you it doesn't mean you're afraid unless you you decide it means you're afraid.

But if you default a sign of of the word anxiety or fear to that sensation. Then those are the memories and the histories that your nervous system accesses and applies to that situation remember what. I was talking earlier what else could this be the moment you experience or sense those. Sensations and you find yourself wanting to apply a label to it the moment you ask what else could this be you now have the opportunity to rewrite the meaning of those feelings and because of that your behaviors your perceptual filters and everything else will change too.

But again it takes a certain level of awareness remember there's people out there who are. Naturals at this. Then there's the rest of us right. We have to train we have to practice right.

And there's a learning curve. But if you never learn any of it you never you can never go through that curve. So come on in don't be bashful all right. I'll be uh curious to find out what this was like for you guys did we did we lose cyia okay.

All right. Sometimes they run screaming yeah yes. I have a couple more questions that are there um gentleman who had the success over text says. I do have a question should.

I leave the conversation on a high note with my girlfriend to maintain. ATT traction and how often should. I do it it's a good practice. But if you do it every single time they'll pick it up.

So you want to have a broken. Rhythm sometimes you do it sometimes you don't right. This brings up an interesting parallel one of the questions. I used to get asked a lot in term in the context of relationships was you know when is it appropriate to give somebody a gift uh because in the old days the old days listen to me um you know there was this idea of you know being a dominant or versus a supplicant you know you know giving gifts to women is a way of supplicating it's a way of kind of getting tamed by the woman or whatever and the question would always come up uh when is it appropriate to give somebody a gift um or to to call people on their [ __ ] or whatever and the thing.

I tell people is why are you giving them the gift why are you giving them the gift are you giving them the gift because you genuinely want to give them something because it makes you feel good to give it or are you giving it. So they'll feel something or do something about you or for you exactly. But. I guarantee you there's been other times where you're giving a gift because it's their birthday and it's expected right.

It's a it's a holiday you're you're doing it because it's obligational it's expected of you here's the the. Paradox of relationships the relationship that's predictable becomes boring the relationship that becomes boring causes es the partner to lose respect when the partner loses respect it's only a matter of time before they're rocking the rato with somebody else okay. So the idea is the emotional ups and downs the little flirting and playfulness all those things that got you into the relationship in the. First place you need to keep doing those 20 30 years and that spark will still be there now you'll still you'll grow together and you'll mellow in certain areas.

But it's that up and down the give and take right. The problem that we have again we're kind of lapsing into relationship stuff now. But one of the problems that we have is what one of my more. Infamous mentors used to call pathological transstates you're all programmed with a certain set of identities that go off at certain points in your life when you meet somebody and you're dating there's a certain identity you're the romantic or hero or heroin you're going on of romantic adventures together you're doing fun and exciting things and.

Then as you go through that relationship now you get into the boyfriend girlfriend stage or the fiance stage and relationships change right. Now there's a commitment and now there's all these other things and you're planning a future together and. But it's still fun it's exciting it's new it's that honeymoon period no. Pun intended.

Then you get married and. Then you go through the hone the real honeymoon period right. The. First two three years and.

Then. Junior comes along and all of a sudden new identity role mother new identity role provider father right. Then soccer mom. BTA mom career mom this mom that mom by the time you're down here you've got 27 different identities and the one you've never you locked in a little box and kept away was the.

Romantic heroin the one wanting the adventures the one wanting to lasso the moon and pull it down you know you ever watched the that. Jimmy. Stewart. Moon.

Jimmy. Stewart you know you know. I'm talking about. I'm going pull down the.

Moon for you no. I don't yes. I was just thinking about it's on um my. Last.

Almost boyfriend almost boyfriend he he's saw me every day and he gave me presents every day that's great 18 roses cowboy boots and. I just ran with it and. I didn't worry about why just happy yeah. So is that okay.

We can just yeah it's fine if someone's going to give you gifts and they're going to give you a lot of gifts you might want to start thinking about what's the agenda right. The other thing you want to think about this is something that a lot of people don't really think about unless their relationships in trouble. But if you think about things. I'm about to talk about before you interact it makes mate selection or partner selection a lot easier what is your attachment style what is your attachment.

Style what is your love language guess who you're going to be most compatible with person with the same love language same attachment style an attachment style is the way you relate to people in in in relationships in other words some like if we talk about love languages some people perceive love through acts of service some people perceive loves through. Words of. Love right. Attachment styles are people who are either very needy or if you try to connect with them they run away they're avoidant right.

So there's like four or five different attachment. Styles yes. So go ahead attachment. Styles the the basic ones you're going to see uh anxious attachment which tends to be like very could be needy or clingy there's a they get nervous and.

So they kind of hang on tighter right. You have aoid it which tend to as soon as there's any discomfort like. I'd rather throw a grenade and avoid getting hurt like if. I don't like you get close enough that.

I get attached. Then. I'm protecting myself which again these things are really unconscious for people right. Um.

You have a disorg disorganized attachment where they go back and forth to both of those and. Then you have secure attachment where it's kind of like there's a book. I'll put on the. I'll put on the on the show on the notes for this it's all about attachment.

Styles and the reason. I bring this up is because knowing your checklist knowing your values is important knowing how those values are satisfied is really important. But people are always projecting if you're someone who's clingy and needy and you're in a relationship with someone who has an avoidant style you're going to be chasing them over the [ __ ] house and they're going to be running for cover and you're going to be perceiving rejection and this person is going to be like right. And they don't because the way they're interpreting what you're doing is different from your intended communication right.

So these are things people don't think about until they're in a relationship that it's in trouble if your checklist matches we'll talk about those if your attachment style matches if your love language matches and you have at least five or seven things that you actually like that are in common you got a pretty good shot you got a really good and if your credit ratings match you're golden you laugh in some of my research the longest most successful relationships had people with the same credit ratings and political affiliations yeah it's weird [ __ ] that you wouldn't think has a correlation. But if you think about it a person's credit rating is a sign of their dependability their trustworthiness the consistency isn't that what we want in our relationship sck in the boxes baby right. You notice how. So much of what we're doing is about profiling the other person.

But you see we the profiling doesn't help us if we don't know what to compare it with which is you how well do you know you and if your answer to that question is. I'll know it when. I see it. Oh wrong as.

So many people in soulmate. Secrets discovered right. Because there's question there's like we we have whole like lists of questions to elicit very very deep levels of checklist in terms of your life values and everything else. So now you know it now you can recognize it and it's like holy [ __ ].

Batman now you weren't there for this. But in the. Last coaching session uh that. I taught.

I have a weekly coaching program. I actually did a uh something called the life mission questionnaire and it's basically four questions and. Then a mission statement for your life and one of the guys was a exmed doctor who's working in biotech and when he answered those questions he realized that everything about his life was wrong and that was he couldn't he couldn't figure out why he was always miserable till he did that list and realized oh my. God everything.

I want is not there right. He wanted to make a difference he wanted to heal people he wanted to tell stories he wanted to and he was working in biotech where he was constantly being attacked constantly having to defend constantly have it was just people always trying to out ego each other it just it just wasn't and the moment he saw that you could just see the the relief what because again we're we're we're taught and we're brainwashed into what we should want and we pursue it and when we get it it makes us miserable because it's not who we are it's not what we want. But it's what we're supposed to want no. What do you want is this going to be another very long moss-like question okay.

So uh just in listening to you put all this together it occurs to me to mention a couple things and. Al one of the questions is really relevant to where you're at now um. So one of the things that we specialize in here is self transformation. So there's a conversation of maybe doing a self.

Mastery supercharger we're dealing with a lot of these like attachment style issues core traumas core traumas are usually issues around rejection or abandonment or betrayal things like that which affect how we relate to the world until we clear it up um. So maybe doing the soulmates. Secrets also which is connected with those class um. I have to keep him on track yes.

Thank very enthusiastic that s um how do. I know if it's time to break up with somebody my girlfriend and. I love each other. But occasionally the thought that pops up is maybe.

I should and. I don't know why what's your values um the consruction continues. I don't want to. I.

I don't want to. B. I don't want to. But.

I'm worried my other than conscious mind is trying to tell me something probably is right. What are your values what are your boundaries is this person satisfying them or violating them it's a very simple question once you know what makes you happy and when you express what makes you happy does the person give you what you need the way you need it if the answer isn't more than 80% of the time you should probably consider your options okay. Let's get back to debriefing our folks what did you think of the 3mq process was was it cool was it easy good good it was good that. But no.

It's good we we practice and you can improve um when you were the the. C person managing how hard was it to get him to shut up you couldn't get you couldn't get each other out of the conversations could you they kept going right. That's the point right. I also use to let them know they're doing it right.

Yes. Perfect. So you notice how they keep spewing it's because you're connecting yeah that's that's the thing it take this this particular process takes. So much heat off you to be a great conversationalist if you just.

Echo their words and even do a a kindergarten level three magic questions they will come away from that interaction thinking you are the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met because they got to talk about their favorite subject yes. Go ahead grab a mic here. I'll use this one. So after you do this process and the person's like.

So enthralled and they're all into talking about themselves how do you get it back into a two-way conversation that's that's a great great question. So one of the how many of you noticed when you were doing your little 3mq process that when the minute the person you asked the questions to started talking little bubbles started popping in your head of similar experiences that you had that's called in in my world. First of all that's a natural normal part of a conversation between two humans. I gave it a fancy label.

I call it analog matching now in the untrained individual this happens on dates you're sitting there telling your story this person is sitting there pretending to listen because what are they really doing you said something it sparked a memory and they're waiting for you to shut up. So they can tell their story you people you've heard people parting this you've probably done it a few times right. That's going to happen that's how humans connect by sharing stories how do you hack that though it's really really simple when a person is telling a story and it's. Sparks an analog in you shut the [ __ ] up let them speak when it's your turn to speak tell your story shorter.

But use their words to tell your story that cements the experience inside okay. The fact that you use their words to tell your story means that it's going to match their internal experience it's going to trigger all the same feelings and even though they might be already primed to see the similarities now they can't not they can't not process the similarities and. Then you. Boomerang them you ask them another question that gets them talking again.

So you say. I say yeah. I went to this. I went my friend to this uh we went to.

Fiji this one time and while we were there we realized we wound up we didn't know where we were going. So we went up on this topless beach and. I'm you know. I think.

I'm pretty liberal. Then. I see all these topless people walking around or sometimes bottomless because they were a little bit more. Li than me and.

I'm like and inside your head you're going [ __ ] how do. I match that right. But or. But you know what.

I understand that once you know one time. I was when. I was living in. Oklahoma my friend said hey.

I got this party there's this party. I want us to go to and. I was like okay. And.

I walk in and realize it's a swinger party and. I'm like. Next thing. I know my my my girlfriend's my friend's girlfriend has got his her tongue down some other guy's throat and clothes are flying out.

I'm like right. So. I don't know if. I got all the words.

But right. I thought. I was pretty liberal. But.

I found out. I wasn't that liberal right. So. So has that have you ever had anything like weird like that happened to you yeah and now this is how it works.

So the secret to this is it's okay. To speak it's okay. To tell stories just be brief now in lie of being too brief the more descriptive you become the more compelling you become as well. But the best words that you can use are theirs and you just.

Boomerang you just ask another question and you're back to the same process and you guys can you can the the the. Proto call was designed to be take you from stranger to. Intimacy in as little as 20 minutes do you have to do it in 20 minutes no. You can take hours you can take days if you want you can spend days at this you can do this with people you've known 50 years which would be hard for me because that make me seven right.

But the point is is that it doesn't matter what stage of relationship you're at people don't change technology changes how people use their technology changes. But the the programs that run that that keep us operating interacting they don't change. So this stuff is going to be relevant for centuries right. Till we start implanting cybernetic organisms in our head and like oh.

God no. Right. So the idea here is location occasion early positive. I'm sorry um career passions and.

Pleasures analog matching use their words to tell your stories ask another question just wash. F now as they start telling you things about their careers their career aspirations every you meet is going to have an idea for a book. Or a business now why is this why is career question. So powerful it's because in your neurology you have beliefs and those beliefs come in a hierarchy you guys having fun okay.

Um normally. I would give you guys a break. But we've only got like a half an hour before. I have to end it.

So uh if it's okay. With you. I want to give you guys a gift if. I can normally to come to see see me to work with me to i'.

I've. I over 15 years um in private practice dealing with physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotion. So. I dealt with everything there's one of my patients now um remind me to put it on do not disturb going forward uh these are how we learn um the normally to walk in my door it's $375 just for the consultation now my my actual going rates are like three grand.

So. But. I do have a protege someone who who works very very closely with clients and things like that he's sitting at the back of the room his name is moss right. He's a very very skilled therapist working under my close supervision.

I'd like to give you guys a gift for those of you who have stuff you want to clear up for those of you who would like coaching or um troubleshooting or. Advanced. TR one-on-one training and communication we're g. I'd like to offer each and every one of you a three 30 minute consultation with moss and uh he'll sit down with you and you can pick his brain discuss things you want to be able to accomplish things you want to clear you know and it's all on the table if you just want to pick his brain for 30 minutes it's his brain.

I can rent it out um right. Um he'll answer those questions if you have things you actually want to work on uh he'll help you with that. So we offer all of our prospective clients a free 30 minute consultation this is my gift to you to determine if your case is an actual fit for our methods right. After you pass the screening and that screening can be again picking his brain or we have certain processes we do to make sure that this is actually a good fit for you will can discuss strategies and.

Tra tactics for getting those situations resolved in the shortest amount of time possible. So if we can help you we will if we don't if we can't we'll tell you that too and we'll point you in the direction of people who we think would actually be a better fit for you there's no. Charge for any of the consultations it's just free just see moss and he'll get you scheduled um and again if you just want to ask questions for those 30 minutes if you have actual things you want to work on. I've seen.

Moss deal with some pretty heinous stuff right. I've thrown him in the [ __ ] pretty much from the day he walked into train with me. So there's only a handful of people that. I actually uh trust to work with my clients and if there's something that comes up that.

Moss is saying is that's a. David. Job guess who you get to work with right. So again it's free um if you're interested just go.

Moss you know at the end of class or whatever um okay. That's done now what was. I talking about before. I got interrupted oh career passion pleasure your belief systems have a hierarchy at the top of the pyramid is what we call spiritual beliefs these are these are beliefs about your mission in this life who you are right.

Below that is your identity right. Below that are your values the check checklist that's it's. So you goes from environment to capabilities to behaviors to um deservingness. I think is one of them and.

Then values um identity know the reason that uh questions regarding or or stories about career are. So powerful is because in most countries in most cultures you are what you do do in other words if. I ask uh if someone would to ask me. David what do you do for a living.

I'd say. I'm a neural linguistic programmer. I am a chiong master. I am a hypnotherapist.

I am. I am. I am right. That those two words keep coming up in everything anytime you hear anything pref uh preceded by the.

I am phrase what you're hearing is an identity statement which means that if. I'm an accountant. Then at the a of that pyramid right. Below spiritual.

Mission are the highest most powerful beliefs that. I have. So when people start talking about their ideas for a career or a book. Or a business or what they do for a living they're communicating with you from an identity level those phrases and that content has the most power just short of spiritual transformation they can't resist those beliefs they don't want to because it's them right.

And when they start talking about their career or their passions they're going to they can talk to you in terms of possibilities or limitations. So if you ask somebody. So you're an account wow man i'. I've.

I've never been really good with numbers. I always wondered how people fall in love did you just come out of the womb and say numbers are my jam is there an origin story there what's behind that and they might say something like well you know. I've always just had a knack for numbers my mom and my dad were both accountants we used to play word games all the time it was just something we all bonded over. I just love numbers it's just very clean it's very easy and and you know.

I can see when. I you know when. I finish college and. I get.

I'm gonna get my own firm and. I'm gonna have all now what do you know about this person right. Away besides the fact that they're good with numbers do they see life through the sense of possibility and deservingness or entitlement ah contrast that with well my mom and dad are accountants. I got.

I'm pretty decent with numbers and just seemed like the things that when. Mom and. Dad retire. I'll inherit the business and.

I'll just keep it going and you know. I don't like the way they do a lot of things now. But you know uh once it's mine. I'll take it over.

I'll move out of the basement and get out of rehab and and and things will be great right. Now here's what's funny you laugh because of the the obvious dissimilarity they will be just as happy telling you the. Second story as they will the. First one you know why because you've made them feel validated and safe safe to talk to you.

So they they're getting deeper into attraction connection. Rapport you're going [ __ ] no. Right. Now do you do do you do the [ __ ] no.

Face no. You think that's very interesting right. Again be respectful because you've made these people vulnerable right. You've created an attraction in them even though you're checking them off they've opened thems up and the other beautiful part about this particular process is because of that enhanced level of.

Rapport that deep level of connection and openness it becomes increasingly harder to make [ __ ] up it's harder and harder and harder for that person to actually lie to you without actively breaking. Rapport and signaling it you'll literally say if they if they drew you you'll literally see them go you'll you'll feel it snap right. This is this is. So powerful that my friend.

Chase use who's like the leading expert in be in mind control and and. Inter actually uses this in interrogation when he interrogates people because it it just just harder and harder for them to not tell the truth because they want to because they they feel heard they feel safe ass sociopath's a little bit different. But there's other tells you have to look. Forward with a sociopath.

But hopefully you you've screen them a little bit before you've gotten into that. But here's the thing uh if you take the time to profile actually when you come to defense against the dark arts. I'll show you ways to do that there's a whole system called. Flags.

Focus lifestyle. Association groups you can do all kinds of homework before you get to them uh in defense against the dark arts which was the number one. NLP training program of 2022 and 2023 it's all about how to find these people and deal with them um there's like 21 different red flags that come up in conversations that they use it's it's really in- depth. But you have to decide you want to go there because that's a even though it's a cool course it's a little heavy right.

So. I have. I try to make it light. But it's you're dealing with some heavy duty topics okay.

So let's talk about level three questions you never go to level three questions unless you're this person has checked enough boxes that you feel safe having them to be an intimate part of your life if you go to level three questions and and you haven't done this homework you may wind up with a stalker if this person is even remotely borderline you're going to have problems now level three is early positive childhood experiences you're still using the master. Echo sequence which is ask your question validate. Echo ask again okay. Uh we didn't talk about softeners because right.

Now there's too many things to juggle already we'll talk about softeners at the. Next training why do we want to use early positive childhood experiences one of the things you'll learn as you get deeper into the concept of hypnosis and therapy and things like that is that the earlier the memory the more foundational to a person's identity and belief systems you get the most powerful memories that you have happen between zero and five 99.99 times out of a 100 when. I regress somebody to deal with a trauma it's zero to five even though the the the thing they they're trying to fix happened when they were 33 you go go back to the very. First scene situation or that is the source the beginning the root of that problem they're 5 years old they're four years old they're in the womb right.

And something's happening and that was the hook. In this context how many of you have ever met somebody and even though you're just lay eyes. On them for the. First time it's like you just instantly know this person like all of a sudden even though you've only been talking for 10 15 20 minutes it's like you've known this person your entire life and everything just bonds from there you know this person person is going to be a very important person going forward because it feels like they've always been there when you ask about early positive childhood experiences it causes people to.

Leap. Frog back to that memory they open that file and play the movie with that comes the sense of time the positive feelings and the mindset of the child who are they looking at when those things open up who are they looking at who are they facing they should be facing you right. Guess who gets linked to that passage of time those positive feelings and everything else now all of a sudden within the space of a conversation it's like man. I feel like.

I've known this person in my whole life because you inserted yourself into the memory can you see ah it is right. That's why you don't use it unless you know that this is the right. Thing to do because you will you will karma's a [ __ ]. I know.

I dated your sister mercy and hope right. For most things you don't need to do this. But if you know this is is the person and you want to give it a a shot remember you're not taking away their free will they can walk away any time. But you are giving them the feelings that you want them to have about you right.

So you have to decide where your line is in this hand. I can't. I can't make that for you right. But this is going to take the randomness out of your selection that's why what you do in the.

First two stages is. So vitally important because if you choose the wrong if you if you fudge it now you've got someone. I had a. I had a one of my my mentors in the martial arts was he was the biggest dog.

I'd ever met oh my. God this if it had a pulse he would. Chase it and he asked me about some of this stuff and. I said look.

I'll teach this to you. But you got to be really really sure that that's the person you want because. I got this. I can hand it he got into this relationship and man every time.

I saw him he was miserable because he didn't check the boxes he went right. For the level three and he was he hooked himself because again there's a mindset remember. I said that that this contractions a two-way street and if you're not ma managing that it's going to manage you. So not only did he hook.

Himself to someone who was just not good for him right. She was hooked on him. So it was this avoiding attachment clingy it was it was it was ugly uh very carefully right. Now what what what is now one of the things we want to be gauging through this entire process is are they actually following the instruction we give them like if you ask them.

I'm curious where did you grow up who are your friends what did you love to play at what did you love to do and they start talking about how uncle. Ted used to take him out back behind the barn and show him a special kind of wrestling or they start talking about how they were abused as a child or how they were bounced from foster home to foster home what should that tell you change the conversation are you checking the boxes or not right. Because if they're willing to divulge those things at that level you were destined to become their therapist their baggage was destined to become your baggage you see even at level three we're still testing how many of you ever been in a relationship you thought they were great you thought they were healthy six months in you find out there are [ __ ] basket caves you're welcome because their baggage will become your baggage wouldn't it be better to find that out after 20 30 minutes than six months right. If they start volunteering this stuff after 20 30 minute conversation what do you think your relationship's going to be like you understand this is about getting very strategic very systematic and say is this a fit or not there's a fit for everybody there's someone for everybody.

But if you keep fudging what you deserve because you think there won't be something better there won't be something else you're doing yourself a disservice and you're doing that person that you're attracting a disservice because there's a better fit for them too right. So yes. Is it manipulative hell yes. But is it deceitful no.

Because why are you doing it are you doing it to hook. Somebody that's not a good fit for you that you're not going to be a good partner for that's that's deceptive are you doing it to find out what's this person going to be like 6 months from now. So you can make a decision if they if they have a lot of trauma you don't have to write them all you just keep them as a friend and instead of saying you know you you can start to develop all of these different levels right. You can have an intimate partner a lifemate you can have a friend with benefits you can have a bestie you can you can have an inner circle of friends you can have ex you know extended friends you can have acquaintances you can have the you know people you're neutral about you can have hell.

NOS you can slot them anywhere you want right. I draw the line at. Deception. I draw the line at removing.

People's. Choice like for example there's one system out there that specializes in what we call confusion inductions you walk up to somebody you slam them with a confusion statement and. Then. Hammer them with kinds of suggestions.

So you get free coffees and stuff like that oh yeah it works works really well some you like o. I just found my. Next gift card for. Starbucks.

Anyway um. But is that a win-win you you got your free coffee. But you just got them fired right. To me that's that's that's not cool right.

When. I'm doing this. I'm doing this for a very strategic reason yes. I want to generate attraction.

I. I want to generate connection. But. I want to know about this person.

So that. I'm not making a bad decision and. I'm not being doing something bad for them that make sense my. I didn't want attach well there it is.

I didn't want the attachment and that's perfectly fine you don't have to agree to an attachment you don't have to just because somebody likes you doesn't mean you have to do the full. Monte right. But a lot of us work that way we're. So desperate to be approved and validated that we think that because someone likes us we have to like them back in that way guys especially are very very prone to this ladies have a they're constantly getting approached.

Anyway guys it's a little bit more of a scarcity thing. I'm just telling you the way it is at least for my work perspective right. Um questions about that yes. So.

Then how do you get a. Third level question were you balanced because you don't want to get hooked because somebody what happened during the. First two levels did they match your checklist let okay. Then take your time ask them about early positive childhood experiences what do they tell you what do they say to you let's say they say that they start talking about heavy you know childhood abuse or trauma um.

So that happens saying question you could get what kind of relationship do you want exactly they may be great people. But because of their damage because of their baggage your relationship will start out romantic and become therapeutic better to find that out right. At the beginning and manage it than have it hit you and. Blindside you and a lot of us have been in that situation not once.

But multiple times because we're on our best behavior at the initial stages of the relationship and as we progress and we become comfortable we feel safer and we become identified with the relationship the demons come out and we think we're the we think because this person's demons are all like directed at us that we're the problem it's not actually you 99% of the stuff that's being dumped on you is about other people that you just reminded them of it's not personal. But most people don't understand that right. So a lot of times it's like as you work on yourself and you develop these skills here's the cool and here's the good part and the not. So good part you're gonna if you actually take the time to invest in these skills and practice them you will have the skills to attract pretty much anyone you want any time you want or just about any reason that you want the suck part is is you'll be saying no.

To most of them why because they just don't check enough boxes and that's okay. Because now you've taken the randomness out of your relationships you've gained more freedom and choice and the ability to make better choices and you don't need to use it for just dating go for a job interview negotiation mediation therapy it's all the same right. I have. I've literally had a personal.

IND training one of my good students um um what's. X's name now. I'm coming off like eight days of intense training and like. I have like less than 12 hours or eight hours sleep.

So um. But. Chris stom about he inherited this case from a couple of his colleagues they'd been working on this case for like three years and in like 30 minutes they got more information he got more information out of the client who had brain damage than those other three people had in in three years and. I've seen that happen over and over and over again because of the way these techniques affect the nervous system yes.

Yeah it's got a microphone the ladies have them again they they got tore a page from your playbook. Moth we used to tease. Moss all the time because no. Matter where the microphone started they would always end up in front of.

M. A quick question is um what tell me what you think of this technique is that um he's dating this successful lady that was. U dermatologist and and she was very pleasant very cheerful and. I said you know what just feels a little bit too cheerful a little bit too toxic positivity little bit too cheerful too probably a little bit too something.

I think she's hiding something underneath the personality yes. So. I just threw out a question that. I wanted to see the response and it was going to go either good or bad and it it expose how she really feels and there it is.

I'm glad. I found out now not months or years. Later absolutely and it it just happened to be you know she's a dermatologist. So.

I just asked her about one little skin condition and she blew up and. I said that's you know that's what. I. I knew was hiding underneath yes.

Follow your guts you know that's one of the you know sefue. Johnson likes to say. I've never heard anybody say. I'm.

I'm really glad. I didn't didn't follow my gut right. Um usually your your autonomic nervous system that more primitive. Primal part of your brain is a little bit more tapped into unconscious tells unfortunately the problem with unconscious tells is that they're unconscious and.

So we're consciously focused on something else we usually miss it. So we need to we need to sync them up a little bit and that's what this does. So let me give you a couple more things before. I send you off into the into theone you guys is this useful has this been helpful okay.

If you guys like this. I invite you to check out our website. NLP power.com you can. MOS can give you the website and stuff we have trainings coming up.

I don't create meetups to to fill trainings. I created meetups because. I was bored and like to do cool stuff and. I wanted to meet cool people who like to do cool stuff yeah there you go see.

So one of the things. I want want to talk about is called the mating dance and. I want to talk about what. I call positive eye contact when we start looking at behavioral cues one of the things that we we want to look.

For is what we call deviation from the. Baseline and clusters. So. Baseline is what's their.

Norm what do they normally like okay. Yes. I depends it really depends the more time you can spend observing them the better a baseline you can develop because. I tend to be like.

I'll. Bas well again if. I'm if. I'm observing somebody from a distance.

I'm going to look. At how they're interacting right. Now and. I'm.

G to make that their. Baseline. Al you do make like somewhat concrete decisions yeah because if. I'm observing something.

I'm about to approach. I need to know where they're at right. Then right. There.

So as they deviate from it right. Okay. So what is their norm and. Then what we look.

For what we call clusters clusters are data points two or more. So for example. I. I showed you a cluster earlier u in regards to um during the question that some of the.

Zoomers asked about when somebody's feeling uncomfortable this the area between your eyes. Down the center of your body is what we call your constructive. Center this is where all your organs are all of your organs lie in that space this is by definition the most vulnerable part of your body it's the place we're always primally predisposed to protect. So if.

I'm talking to. Eduardo right. And he makes me feel uncomfortable now. I actually did two things here.

I changed the orientation. But. I put an arm between my baseline or my. Center.

Line and him that's a cluster right. That would be something. So this is my. Norm all of a sudden.

I said something. I'm like oh let me you think now it's the. Third one. I touched my.

I touched my face right. Again we could spend days that my my my my colleague. Chase created a whole behavioral table of the elements which if you try to interpret that thing your eyes. Will cross right.

I'm more of a urtic guy rules of thumb like when. I showed you right. That's a. Continuum exactly you can look.

At anybody's behav anybody's posture once you have that. Continuum and extrapolate where they're at you don't need to know 67 variations that's how. I think. So clusters one body language cluster that we want to master is called the positive ey contact cluster now that's my term for it.

So there's three aspects to the positive eye contact cluster a eye contact a smile. I rough flash okay. Now we talk about the eye contact part that's a genuine smile you see the little wrinkles up here right. When no.

When you have those little muscles crinkling up here that's a legitimate smile right. If you look. At somebody smiling and they're dead from the nose up that's not that's a social smile. So as you're moving through the world you want to make eye contact smile flash your eyebrow see he does the whole head right.

You must be from the. East. Coast how do. I know that because.

I grew up in. Pennsylvania and. I used to spend a lot of time in the. Jersey sure and every now and.

Then. You' be walking down the down the boardwalk you see guys hey how you doing hey how you doing instead of doing this yeah the whole head goes right. That's an. East.

Coast thing right. But the idea is the reason we we focus in on on the eyebrow flash is called a key stimulus when mammals approach each other if they want a single signal friend it happens in a millisecond yes. Every human being does it every mammal does it write down the little babies yeah it'll tell you write down the little babies okay. So when you approach and you genuine when you you make eye contact and you'll and you'll you'll just give them a flash if you see the flash immediately return it and you'll see them visibly relax your eyebrows are one of the most powerful body language signalers that we have okay.

Positive eye contact legitimate smile legitimate eye contact eyebrow flash that's a three that's a three cluster set when you move through the world look. Him in the eyes. Smile and. Flash them see she's look.

At her you got all googly. I look. At hey how you doing hey how you doing like she just gave it back right. You see you can't not do it right.

How you doing avoid it avoid it if you can it actually it actually is a barrier to to connecting with people because you can't you can't use that part of your body right. And it can actually affect your liver are they is this person with. BX also like barrier between their body yes. Body yeah a lot of times it'll actually blunt your emotional.

AFF effect. So it's harder to feel that's a. Chinese medicine thing. But because this is a liver part of your body.

So when you when you poison this area yeah. I don't know whoever thought it was a good idea to inject tox neurotoxins into your skin. I get the. Cosmetic thing.

But you know it's just it just goosed to show you how our values are you know it's and again. I'm not really one to judge um because we are who we are and we'll never make the world what we want it to be until we're ready to deal with it the way it is right. I. I.

I gave up my idealism a long time ago universe is trying to bring it back. But. I'm still way too much of a pragmatist right. We're here to learn how to do something.

So we can get something. So we can have something and and build on the right. Um. So the positive eye contact.

I want you to guys play with that and and really if you if you if you take nothing away from the. CL and. I've given you guys a lot of stuff if you if you get if all you've got is. Echo technique and the positive eye contact with the eyebrow flash that's gold and.

Then you evolve to the 3mq people are just going to love you right. And. Then work on getting yourself out of those situation when it gets a little too strong right. Um like.

I said there's lots of other things that that we could talk about signaling approachability stuff like that. But. I wanted you to have that positive eye contact and the. Last thing.

I'm going to leave you with is what we call the mating dance mating dance when human beings approach let me see if. I can find this really quickly any you again you guys are welcome to take screenshots or whatever oh. I. I absolutely do have the do have it there um.

But. I wrote it down just. So. I could seven stages of dating meting and.

Rel. So when when human beings meet for the. First time remember that eyebrow flash. I told you about um can.

I use you would you like to would you like to be the hot the hot anenu in my movie. Okay. So. So here's uh you can sit here right.

So we'll pretend that this is a bar stool and. I'm going to make my. Approach okay. So now if you see the look.

She's she's she's angled this way right. And as. I approach she's like right. That's called the acknowledgement stage he's in her own little world she's facing the bar she's her vent where's her vental orientation is it at me it's this way right.

She is in her own little world and. I'm not part of it. But as. I approach she there it is she senses me on the periphery of her bubble she she's got a very big one it's out here right.

She senses that and she acknowledges my present now she just gave me an eyebrow flash now. I can approach right. So now. I can say hi how you going right.

Right. So the. So the. First thing is um she's acknowledged my presence now what did she just do she just pivoted that's called the pivot stage he did it automatically yeah exactly does that mean she's attracted no.

Oh. NE [Music] neay. But she is interested she's curious she's wondering what the hell. I'm going to do.

So you have the acknowledgement stage the pivot stage she's given me a little bits her her her vental orientation has moved a little bit towards me the. Next will be the reaching stage as we get deeper into the conversation we don't have a table. But if you go to if you go to my. YouTube channel um type in mating dance and a whole video will come up where you you'll literally see me walking through this sand demo with a table and stuff what'll happen is at some point during the conversation she will reach for her drink she'll go to shift her purse or whatever and when she goes to put it down she will move it closer to me what about your that's that's coming right.

So what'll happen is she she goes to take a drink when she sets it down she'll tend to set it down closer to my drink she's yes. Because why because it's a measurement of comfort she's not attracted she hasn't entered what we would calibrate as attraction yet. But we're moving she's moving into. Rapport okay.

At some point at some point we're talking we're joking we're doing whatever. I make a joke and she just like touches me on the arm or just do something like that yeah just like that yeah and. I do the exact same thing that's the touching stage that's the sign of growing attraction now does that mean if she touches my arm. I go for the boob no.

That's where people screw up right. They think oh. I got touch means it's okay. No.

Oh. NE n oh n neigh here's the rule of. Thum don't get too excited. But you remember.

I talked about mimicry remember. I talked about. Echo technique what's the right. Thing to do to her whatever she does to me he touched me on the arm where did.

I touch her on the arm. I touched her in the exact same place in the exact same way. I signaled. I'm just like you.

So you felt comfortable didn't you go wait well it doesn't have to be a bar yeah me either. I don't go either. I used to coach people all the time. I.

David. I need to work on my club game. I like. First of all why are you coming to me.

Second of all do you like clubs no. I hate them. But. I.

I got to get better at it do you go to clubs no. But that's why. I got to get better why are you trying to get better at something you hate do you do you like the women who go to clubs no. But they're hot you see the running west looking for a sunrise right.

The more you know who you are and what makes you happy the more you know where to look. Look. It's all about you and when you want to make it about you you make it about the other person and. Then it does become about the both of you it's kind of a weird.

Paradox right. So the touch stage is where you actually have the beginnings of genuine attraction. But the touch is a test and a signal it's saying okay. I'm comfortable enough with you to touch you.

I like you what are you going to do do are you going to take that touch and do nothing which case she starts to wonder if you have any guts right. Because that's a it's part of it right. You got a man up or a woman up or whatever it is that you're you're doing or are you gonna go for something beyond what she's offered you it's a test now the more you match the cubes the more the barriers to your checking boxes it's just another checklist the faster you check those boxes the deeper into comfort and intimacy and arousal she goes. So once you get past the touching stage you have what we call the snuggle space now.

I did not make this name up it's something. I got from a study. But what happens is this is one of the few points during this entire mating dance in 80% of the stages the woman's leading literally guys all you have to do is not do something egregiously stupid like vomit on your shoes or you know make an overtly sexual comment. But if you're doing 3mq you're going to.

S you're going to you're going to flow right. Through these stages it'll just happen. But you won't be conscious of it a lot of times would you ever see those old movies from the 50s where the guy's taking a girl to the movies either in the drive-in or they're in the movie theater and the guy's like he wants to put his arm around the girl. But he's just right.

Youve seen that right. Right. What's interesting is that's actually a part it's a valid part of the actual process that men and women or couples go through at some point during this interaction stage four is called. The.

Snuggle space. I have to create a safe space. So in in the wild there's this particular species of bird the male spends the entire summer building the ultimate crib right. It's like putting in a jacuzzi and master bedroom and you know when the when the nest is.

Finally ready he sends out a call and a female bird hops up well what you got here let me take a look. Oh nice bath jacuzzi b day yeah not too bad. I think. I'll move in right.

But the bird likes the nest she moves in and nature takes its course in the mating dance stage four this is where you have to be the man you have to be the asserted one you have to take the chance you have to create a space for her to fill you create you supposed to exactly that's exactly what happens you feel the the need to just right. Exactly if you've done the the previous three stages and she's built that comfort you followed the cues when you create that space she'll just move into it if she doesn't you got more work to do it's not a rejection it just means she's not there yet you understand from here you go to the. Last two stages which is what we call. U minor synchronization and major synchronization in minor synchronization we start to get more vental orientation we'll start to lean in more we'll start to close ourselves off from the rest of the the venue you'll see this all the time people start off they're out here by the end of the night they're off in a little corner somewhere and they're just just in their own little pocket.

Dimension right. And what'll happen is we'll start to get more ventually oriented. So her her. Center.

Line will line up with mine we we won't do that here. But if. I take a drink she'll take a drink she moves her napkin. I'll move my napkin we'll start literally doing what each other's doing as we get deeper and deeper into.

Rapport and connection we'll go to full synchronization this is where handholding kissing all that other stuff will start to happen there's a that for you thank you if you only knew um what's interesting is and this is where you would literally change venues you know what. I mean right. So those are that's the mating dance right. And believe it or not if you if you actually are paying attention to the cues you can go through through this also in as little as 20 minutes well again who's who's doing it right.

Like depends with who like there's a challenge. But. I used to teach this uh. I don't know if.

I have that video available on. YouTube. I think it's in one of my products. I.

I had a a class that was like 70% women that was going through this and one of the ladies in the back stands up and goes this is the best chick flick. I've seen in weeks they were rude for the woman because now if you ever get to see that video what you'll see and. I hesitate to point it out here remember. I said the body mind feedback loop for every psychoemotional state there's a body language position that triggers it your physiology controls your psychology even though she knows it's demo have you noticed how she just goes into the.

Next stage automatically you know why she's actually going through the physical stages of. Attraction she's actually feeling playful and attracted yeah did you see how she was playing with the microphone that's what they do with drinks. I don't. I don't normally point out in a in a a public show when.

I when. I teach the killer influence or. I'm teaching the the actual courses and. I'm showing the or attraction.

M and. I'm showing these videos. I actually show you the the. Hidden.

Side of what's going on it's a feedback loop it literally can't not happen right. But you don't need to worry about that you guys have enough to play with just with the the the three magic questions uh the echo technique the state control the state control is critical. So much of this happens automatically if you can just get your feelings under control and that's posture and breathing okay. And.

Then the. I want to do. I want to do a workshop. Later on on just how to be funny right.

How to tell jokes and how to right. Um because there's a structure to humor right. Some of us can do it into for fun for fun yes. Fun has a structure are you a.

Virgo oh. God definitely not give her a big round of applause thank you excellent. So that's the mating dance right. And again.

I it was the the abbreviated version. But here's your assignment go out and watch humans in their natural habitat go to. Every. Diner every cocktail bar or whatever and chill watch people coming in especially the ones on.

First dates when. I. First started teaching this one of my students her name was. Tammy she actually owned a wine bar and when.

I was talking about the the reaching stages and stuff like that she went oh my. God you absolutely right. I when. I when.

I open the bar people come in at the beginning of the night and they're on opposite sides of the bar by the end of the night their wine glasses are touching they're all over they're in each other's laughs right. It's in front of you all the time now here's what's cool with the exception of maybe the snuggle space and even that a lot of these stages happen in meetings and negotiations too you'll see people who are on opposite sides of the table and as they move towards agreement they start getting closer if they can't get they'll start angling in the same direction they'll start mirroring each other's movements as they move closer closer and closer to agreement or a lot of times you'll see you'll see reciprocal like one person move forward person be doing this they'll be in sync in the. Rapport exercises that we teach in killer influence like we literally have what we call. Rapport.

Wars where like. I have to have a conversation with you. But. I have to constantly mismatch your body language while.

I'm doing it and it's high comedy for me to watch because the conversation just goes to [ __ ] in seconds like they have to maintain an actual cohes while constantly mismatching each other they can't do it. Then we set it up where they have to actually argue and not give an inch while matching and mirroring each other's body language and they can't do that like they start moving towards compromise the body plays such a tremendously powerful role in verbal interactions. But it's completely transparent. But if you understand it and are willing to play with it and practice it you can do all these invisible things and just guide the entire interaction in the direction you want and you never have to lie cheat steal or misrepresent you're just taking advantage of naturally occurring forces that are going to happen.

Anyway. But if you don't take control of them they happen by random and by default which means sometimes it works for you and sometimes it doesn't well most of you didn't come here to get more. Randomness in your life true or not true you want came here to get the randomness out yes. These are the these are the palletes or the paints on your pallet pick the ones you like overlearn them make them.

Unstoppable come back learn more thank you all for coming see moss thank you all on. Zoom. I hope you enjoyed the show if you had a good time please post positive things to the. Meetup if you didn't post to somebody else's.

Meetup we'll see you. Next time take care do.
