Title: Hypnosis Demonstration | SPEED HEALING: Healing Emotional Pain in 9 Minutes Or Less
File Name: _aOMEJ_ryWA.txt
Video Id: _aOMEJ_ryWA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aOMEJ_ryWA

So. So seen would you like to be hypnotized yeah are you sure yeah sure you wouldn't lie to me with you you like to get massaged by me drinky flat on the floor now there's lots of lots of ways to do this sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart deeper and deeper with every breath when do you're just going deeper feeling a wonderful sense of relaxation like floating on a cloud a wonderful safe comfortable cloud. I went a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

Lenny. I'm going to bring your head up just like this it's not going to disturb you or distract you. But it's got to make you more comfortable and anything that makes you more comfortable well that allows you to go deeper and. I should go deeper you just feel more comfortable more wonderfully relaxed all over in every way in a moment.

I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. With me each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple or even quadruple that wonderful sense of relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process that's right. Allowing it to happen open your eyes.

All around close your eyes. All the way down deep or still open he goes. I go all the way up closing those eyes. All the way down on three times deeper and deeper and deeper still everybody take each deeper every beat of your heart all the way down eyes.

Open closing a thousand times deeper now when you are such a wonderful consistent is a great subject. I want to give you a special gift there's a feeling that you do realize you don't have to tell me what it is or where it was. But every time you feel that wonderful feeling it's just the best thing ever there was a time and a place without feeling without it okay. Just a good feeling okay.

You want to get rid of that one real quick all right. Point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color what's the color sleep. First impressions black well sure we shouldn't pull all that black energy. I'll take it out hold it in your hands in front of it make sure you get it all - sometimes.

I hide. I've had people pull for 20 minutes it really doesn't matter you just keep pulling until we get it all it okay. To get rid of is any reason why you might want to keep it okay. Pull it on always good okay.

Now as you look. At hold it in your hands we did the color changes they're the same person present okay. Notice it's moving spinning in a certain direction the direction to turning which they grabbed it was in the opposite direction to double to see double the force to double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice a change notice it's gone this is this program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper in your neurology any program any belief any memory and experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions inner ology going to begin to shed it's going to begin to courage like a snake shedding its skin like old software be uninstalled by you're better that's right. That's what it happened they'll try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place.

I'm right. Here with you allow it to run its course when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead now you may notice if this process integrates into your body your body does all kinds of interesting things some people laugh some people cry some people shudder some people shake some people break out in a sweat some people call some people just feel waves into motion come up just let it happen it's just natural part of the process the emotional reset the emotional detox. So allow it to run its course. I'm right.

Here beside you when you know what's done try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead excellent stand your body notice how different you feel excellent in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I want you to make a movie that is exactly what you would have liked to have have happened instead you could go back and just rewrite history go to an alternate reality. I call this your alternate reality movie.

I want you to make that movie as big as a drive-in movie theater screen. I want you to watch it not once not twice. But hundreds of times at the speed of thought that's right. Each time is better than the time before not once not two hundreds of times make it perfect bigger stronger brighter turn up the sounds the visions the colors everything and.

I want you to notice as you watch that new movie there's a wonderful feeling in your body there's a place in your body with that feeling start to want you to point to that. First impression and there's a color connected to that feeling isn't there what's in that color okay. I want you to breathe that pink energy through your entire body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes. But especially through that part where that black energy used to be notice what happens and just fill yourself up like water fills up a bottle those any places of anxiety where we fear tightness or tension any places of density in your body and notice what happens when you breathe that energy through those areas that's right.

When you know what's locked in when it's. So strong. So powerful. So permanence impossible to turn off let me try to turn off.

Anubis. Ramses that's right. In a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you will emerge from this process transformed like a butterfly emerging from the cocoon one phase of your life done never to return a new phase just beginning ready to spread your wings and fly to explore the world from a new place a higher perspective number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality. Wendy a reality where you are the one has learned something powerful something strong something that will stay with you and only grow stronger for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe number two all of my suggestions from meeting you from you your very own other than conscious mind out ten times more powerful ten times more permanent ten times more positive locked in two grabbed onto that part of your neurology mind body and soul that most wants desires can implement and express and embody all these changes in all of the ways that give you the life you want the way you want that's right. By your standards in your definition number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those solutions in the quickest easiest most efficient way that's right.

For the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you. Wendy you come up or you volunteer you've done the work you follow the instructions you've obeyed the command you've earned this reward and the right. To keep it it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level your neurology mind body and soul is in complete harmony complete acceptance agreement understanding of wearing aware and recognizing that you've got it embodying it and expressing at every level of your mind body and soul head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you called.

Quicksilver didn't see that coming everybody round of applause great job [Applause].
