Title: _bT5RLUFaC8.txt
Video Id: _bT5RLUFaC8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bT5RLUFaC8

All right. So the gift really cool. The. Silo is still the same though we're assuming you've got your client do.

I need to actually write down that you actually have to hook. The client okay. So you've done your pre-frame you've done your thesis your thesis suggestion you induce trance you do. General negativity at this point you can go specific negativity or you can go into some uh more comprehensive intervention if it's a deeper issue which is usually what happens for me.

I usually wind up going into a some form of regression or affect. Bridge now. I'm going to introduce you to the process of affect pitching. But we're going to do it in a very cool way um this is called again let's see what you did oh why are you making me feel good how about that you want to feel better okay.

How would you like to go into trance today no. Not would you like to go on a chance. I said how how see do you sleep all the way down here and take every graveyard even the coolness of my hand causes you to go over a deeper with every breath take care of you a hard time you're simply getting better better relaxed deeper into trance since you've ever known before now. I don't know yet in just a moment.

I'm gonna raise your hand up or your head up just like this and that won't disturb you it'll simply as long as you do it as. I continue to rock your body rock your mind that's right. Right. In a moment not yet in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to open and close your eyes. Each and every time you close your eyes. Double triple this level of physical against the relaxation that you're having to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process deep sleep it's your favorite birthday party fly back on the wings of time to your happiest most enjoyable birthday party or any other event that has the happiest monitor one feel yourself moving back in time two like the energy that happiness drawing you back back to the. First seeing situation or event that makes you feel.

So good makes you feel. So happy makes you feel free on the. Next count you'll be there five there you are where are you. Etc outside.

First impression a loner with people internet give me a report tell us how to be happy you feel good yeah how old are you. First impression is 13 yes. So we don't like yeah you're motocrossing favor all right. That was.

Motocross is that motorized or is that just with a pedal oh that's fine isn't it this. First time ever this hat good. So here's something that's really cool in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna count for one to five one account from one to five feeling of enjoyment that's wonderful cool feeling. I love someone it goes twice as strong twice is more comfortable twice as wonderful one feel that energy building up going stronger and stronger and stronger too all of my suggestions and all that pleasure all that enjoyment getting stronger and strong that's right. Three getting stronger and stronger and stronger four five stronger than it's ever been getting 10 times stronger with. Every.

Breath. You. Take and everybody now because you've gone back on the wings of time to this special place you automatically know. I don't have to let that scene.

I'm going to count from five to one when. I reach the number one you're going to find yourself moving flexing when. I start to count five you're gonna move forward back to the present time back to the moment and follow my instructions they need to put here in the present and all the past is going on five four three two you still hear deep in trenched ready to do something really cool now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment only this time.

I want you to fly back as long as a time as the you of today the. Tom who's had those years of life experiences years of understanding those years of wisdom that the 13 year old boy has yet to enjoy get to learn and you're going to give him a very very special gift. I want you to fly back when. I count from one to five.

I want you to fly back on the ones that clapped it right. Before that event maybe five minutes tenants only left before he actually got on the bike you're going to do something really really cool five four three two one all the way back there you are you're back there and you can you see it on the motorway yeah get us tension and calm over hey dude how you doing can't say it out loud it's okay. On you from the future. I know that sounds weird that's it call him son that's cool hey son how are you doing hey man.

I wanna. I wanna say that on you from the future and. I have something rude. I have a gift for you very special gift go ahead.

I can believe you found you from the future that's right. And here it is and what. I want you to do right. Now is.

I want you to give him all of the information all of the things that he needs to know at this point in his life to make everything that comes after it to give him the wisdom the. Insight the foresight the four knowledge everything that's going to build him up that's going to give him all the things he should have gotten before. But now he can have again give it that's your gift to him and. I want you to give that to look.

Him in the eye take him in your arms and tell him everything he needs to know and make him move. I tell there's a lot more where that came from looking in the eyes. And saying what about your life there's going to be challenges there's going to be times in your life better more challenging than others. But no.

Matter where you go no. Matter what you do. I'm always with you're always loved and you're never alone make you believe because there's a never-ending. Supply deep inside you take it in your arms and as you do that feel the love pouring out of you into him in a never ending in it as you take them in your arms feeling shrink down if you don't go right.

Inside your heart or he's surrounded by all the love he ever wanted and all the care of all that comes changes him and. I didn't realize that the deepest level of no. Matter where he goes no. Matter what he does no.

Matter what happens there is always loved he's never alone and. I didn't know that whenever he has a question whenever there's something he doesn't understand whenever anything comes up that he's uncertain of you'll be there to guide him you'll be there to give him the information he needs when you know you've got it when you know it's true when he knows it's true if you have the truth of the. Ripple in the past in the future see how every event of his life changes everything to you've seen everything shift shift right. Right.

The right. Speed is that you know you've got to see it shoot off into the future see how your the direction of your life changes because of this one that's true it works that's right. Natural for you when you know you've got it you're by yourself to come back and when she runs open only at the rate of speed foreign [Applause] [Applause] because they're all going to be doing this this is what happens when we give people the love that they need during a happy time. I play and you pick that product who is happy you know what's 13 you know he did there's two types of regression there's directed and non-directed okay.

Okay. In a directed regression we're telling them exactly where to go exactly what's happening in a non-directed regression it's not up to me if. I tell you in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm gonna do my whatever hypnotic process. I'm gonna do you're going to find yourself in your fifth year birthday party come on there you are you're five years old what are you what's going on are you inside or outside alone with people daytime or nighttime those questions associate the person into the experience by the way when he went back to being 13 years old did you see how his voice changed yeah different name. But his whole way of doing this he was a 13 year old kid that's called. Association that's called regression okay.

And he picked a comment he happy his unconscious mind picked it okay. Okay. That's non-directed when you're doing the kind of work. I do that's the majority of what.

I get. But you will get clients who say. I know exactly what this started happening when. I was five years old or and there's an uncovering process that we use once we get there.

But. I want you to get used to the whole concept of leapfrogging back through time following emotion it's called an affect. Bridge okay. And if you keep it kind of be sack.

I'm sorry if you keep the time that he's sad that he was is it different what do you mean it's different. I don't understand the question the way you would we're thinking more and if if we go back when it was young and we take the time at least not happy he's sad like a sleeping hit from somebody and you make decisions oh. I'm not good enough like that and. Then you will work with.

Then what. I would do is. I would reverse of what. I did notice.

I amplify the good feelings okay. I. Amplified the good feelings. I made it even better right.

If it were a negative thing. I was trying to resolve. I would delete the emotional charge not amplify it okay. To make him more happy because this is a gift it should be better it well do we you know we when we're happy and someone gives us a gift that we more likely to accept it exactly.

But see. I don't know exactly what he wants and needs what he should have been told when he was that young. But he does he knows exactly the right. Words to use he knows the exactly the words what those words mean everything and the technique that.

I use that was called the informed parent long child depending on your perspective we go back we find the child we find the experience we find the emotion we manage the emotion either by deleting it or amplifying it we bring them back to the present we send them back as the adult of today complete with all their knowledge all the experience all their wisdom all their understandings because that child back there doesn't have that he only has the understandings the knowledge the emotional maturity the perceptions of a 13 year old boy got it when we go back as the. S of today complete with our life experience complete with what we know we can tell the boy what he needs to know he can tell the woman what she needs to know to make everything okay. Those. I don't tell them what you know.

I don't think. Ultra specific everything that they need to know to be okay. To be right. To create to be x y z because.

I don't know what that is what they do and. So you've always called past life regression is into place this is well. I could do this for past life. But past my family speaking uh it'll be more directed you're going to go back to your fifth life your five lifetimes ago when you were.

X okay. I don't do that. I can't. I have uh.

I usually try to stay in this lifetime whenever possible. But. I have requested people back to three months after conception maybe amazed what a developing fetus get over here and experience especially when. Mom's in prison and she doesn't know she's pregnant.

I get all the really interesting cases and he used his imagination to see that because in the past or it sends it yes. When these are fully. Associated he's there you were there right. Yes.

No. The only thing. I imagine. I mean you know where's that one that wasn't real real real real real it's like it's like now that experience had my dad there was before it was what we've just done is we've changed the scene at that very moment and that makes for me it makes the future feel better exactly tells me all that while we have been shaking.

I know you process it and you will this begins a change process that the body must complete okay. So when you do these kind of proc any kind of regression where you're doing emotional release work you gotta you gotta tell them up front you're going to need time to process this now. I don't know how much. I don't know how little.

But give yourself time for you whatever feelings come up whatever if you want to cry cry if you want to scream scream whatever it is it's okay. You gotta make it okay. You gotta tell them it's gonna happen you're gonna you know be kind to yourself like you know. Jerry clientele's story is called the story of.

Jane where this woman was had a massive issue with uh reaction formation she was sexually molested abused as a child she became the on high heels okay. Try to speak pretty much when worked your ways with every therapist she ever had and seduced him on the. First visit except for. Jared.

But he basically kicked her out he said go across the street buy some new clothes come back to me when you are ready to change she came back with new suit on broke out into tears they did a session found all this nasty she went through resolved it she took. Into a hotel room that night slept for 18 hours by yourself important important question yes. A woman's life completely changed people are the way they are because of the stuff they refuse they haven't been able to process that they've been in denial of or whatever you have anything that you want to add or any other questions please ask okay. Do.

I have questions anything else you want to no. That was uh it keeps getting better now the process is really very simple you have them you can use any induction you like. General negativity you can actually do this. I didn't actually do.

General negativity or any of that stuff. I did what we call the affect. Bridge which is there's a feeling that you know there's a time in your life and you feel tremendously good in your body. I.

Amplified the feeling feel it was really intense now depending on the issue depending on where they feel it you may see some really really strong expression that's okay. Down to five you're gonna fly back on the wings of time to the very. First if it's non-directed very. First scene situation event that is the root of this feeling it's a good feeling or whatever this event get there and amplify it.

First. Impressions always you gotta tell them ahead of time oh. I want issue. First.

Impressions inside or outside very simple question daytime or night time along or with somebody give me a report tell me what's happening that's your job as a regressionist you find out who the players are what's going on and what needs to be fixed okay. Now what the what needs to be fixed and. I'll take in any a lot of different directions okay. Once you've amplify the feelings because this is the gift this is.

Happy stuff same exact process for negative stuff except that we delete the emotional charge instead of amplifying it okay. We'll add more nuggets to this a little more branches to this tree and more bells and whistles to this process as we go. But the whole point is bring it back to a happy time amplify the feelings bring them back to the present. Then send them back again as the adult of today complete with all his knowledge all his experience all his wisdom we have them dialogue and you say.

I have a very special gift give him everything he needs to know to be okay. To make his life better and to understand everything that's going to happen in a way that the outcome has changed get love and acceptance get that self-love going okay. That's huge and notice how all that informality that that child is armed with that information with that wisdom with that knowledge with that understanding how every event of his life and his perception of those events changes watch it have him ratify it when you know you've got you know it's beginning to move forward only at the rate of speed are you ready can we do this easy easy go play oh one more thing every now and. Then.

I'm not saying this probably won't happen to anybody in this room. But every now and. Then the unconscious mind says let's just fix something. I don't need to be feel better.

I want to fix something in that case you're going doing that reaction if an average action should come up the fastest way to to delete the charge is to say seed. Fades you tender your breathing and you just keep repeating it in a very gentle calm voice until the breathing settles out and they're emotional balances okay. Go thank you did you notice that when. I started the regression that.

I was talking a lot about happy birthdays and things like that and. Then. I suddenly shifted because many times birthdays aren't that happy you couldn't get one. I had to shift there's something about something that means something is you got to shift it if.

I'd have insisted on going back.
