Title: POWERFUL NEW AFFIRMATIONS FOR SUCCESS WEALTH AND HAPPINESS - Straight from the Subconscious Mind
File Name: _cs-we8Tr9M.txt
Video Id: _cs-we8Tr9M
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_cs-we8Tr9M

Okay. So you guys remember. I talked about how the human nervous system is the world's most powerful question-answering mechanism on the planet it must pathologically seek to answer any question that you put to it regardless of how bizarre the question is you guys remember when. I said that okay.

So. So when we give affirmations we usually deliver them in the form of statements right. We usually say every day in every way. I'm getting better and better and better it's a very classic affirmation goes back hundreds of years every day in every way.

I'm getting better and better and better that's a statement maybe we'll get maybe we'll be cooking instead of making it a statement while making it an exclamation every day and every way. I'm getting better and better and better right. But it's still a statement it's a young energy. I'm imposing something rather than drawing something out.

So you remember the example. I gave the other day when you have people who say why is this always happening today and this little voice down there goes oh he wants a list right. Well what if we take that mechanism and we use it to build ourselves up instead of tearing ourselves down instead of coming up with reasons for why we're failure or why we deserve how they have all the crappy [ __ ] in their life what if we were to use that mechanism to come up with reasons why we deserve it and. So you flip the script and instead of making a statement you ask a good question the question might be as simple as why do.

I really deserve to be rich in handling ask yourself that question and notice what happens why do. I deserve to be rich in habit why do. I deserve to have the idea me why do. I really deserve love what happens to your brain when you ask those questions one of two things is gonna happen a it's gonna tell you actually why you deserve it it's gonna give you a reason or it's gonna say you don't either way you've got a direction because something comes up that says you don't point to where you feel it and fix it right.

If it gives you a reason build on it go back and do it again why do. I really deserve love you may get a different answer you may get the same answer. But in this case by asking a properly formed question we create a space for the unconscious mind to fill and this is one of the big big pieces. I want you to take away from understanding your mind and that is this what the unconscious mind generates the unconscious mind accepts and.

So when you ask a question like why do. I really deserve to be wealthy unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly because your unconscious mind gave you the information the unconscious mind will work to make it true if it gives you an answer that you don't deserve to be well now you found you've uncovered yet another limiting belief that you can go and pack an attack. So it gives you power either way and the more you ask yourself these questions the more your brain will generate rationales for why you should get what you want.

I call them you informations as opposed to affirmation because you're asking the question and letting that deeper part of you answer it if that makes sense. So here's what. I'd like you to do right. Now based on the things we talked about throughout the beginning class the things you wanna manifest in your life write down three informations that you can that you can use remember they're in the form of a question and your questions should presuppose the results you want okay.

We'll talk more about that at. CGI on killer influence take like seven five or six minutes write them down. I'm gonna come around. I'm just going to ask each of you to you know read wondering.

I mean. I'll pick some of you at random and. I'll have you read them just to make sure that we all got this properly okay. And.

Then we're gonna take this idea we're gonna take it even further and we're going to look. At how we can use logical levels to mine for positive beliefs and negative beliefs at different levels yes. Sorry. I was typing this up you were saying because they're.

So good there's a reason there's a fitting idiot okay. Okay. So you're gonna write down three informations based on the things you want to manifest if it's love write about love if it's wealth or or success write about wealth or success. I don't care.

I don't you dare your topics. But write them in the form of a question why do. I deserve. X when do you know what's you know why do.

I really deserve to have. XYZ where did. I really get the skills to earn the money. I want to earn you know again.

I'm just putting examples out there you're gonna find though and as. I explore this process with myself. I'm discovering that a lot of these questions are deserving these questions right. You may notice that right.

Now not just partially because. I gave you the example. But in my life. I see a lot of the things is really about deserving this my david cannot ask good questions what are some of forms again there's like what where when why type questions they action how am i going about making the things i want a reality what do i what do i really like about having more money okay.

Right. Assuming will i yeah well again they're only lies until they're true. But you're really not lying you're asking your unconscious mind to give you the reasons it'll accept for getting what you want does that make sense i find this to be a much more enticing and useful way to do affirmations and you're talking to a guy who would when he was doing door-to-door sales will literally sit in his car for hours writing affirmations to get enough guts to get out of the car and start knocking on doors by the way either of these processes whether you're doing regular affirmations or informations presuppose good state control not the old-fashioned way bruce you had a question respond to get from a subconscious is kind of subjective we're really not based on logic that okay. Like why don't why our deserve abundant well i mean we could do it because of greater yeah yeah logical sense of the word yeah human beings aren't logical okay.

Remember this is an important thing irrational problems require irrational solutions okay. The irrational problems require irrational solutions right. They don't have to be logical the answers to these questions will reveal more about your inner nature than the other because until the period it's been downloading what is it were you like a big blob and the clown be done as if. I'll know this pile is another word for difficulty and stalling yeah.

I guess it could be. I don't. I don't. I don't overthink it if you ask the information and an answer comes up that is validating regardless of whether you consciously agree with it or not doesn't matter your unconscious mind gave it to you good work with it hey it's true at some level by the way.

I did not develop this technique. I. First actually came across well actually. I don't remember if.

I came up with it on my own. First and. Then. I heard it or.

I heard it and. Then it made. So much sense to me. I just kept using it.

But the. First time. I ever consciously remember hearing this technique coming from somewhere other than myself was a webinar. I was on with rabbi.

Harlan kill steam and he was talking about it and when he went in when he said it. I was like. I know that and. Then.

I think. I saw. I saw. TJ teaching it a couple years back at a training which.

I was interested like great minds think alike. David if you have a certain subject like say for example business mm-hmm you say to yourself why do. I deserve to have a successful business mm-hmm can you also been right. Different variations on it like like you said what am.

I doing that we did. So suffer business. Yeah right. Different informations to try to get different aspects of an answer or would you just do it one get an answer.

Then maybe write another you know information in your context what am i doing to build a better a successful business. I would write it like. I would ask the question ten times and notice how many different answers come up and and that will give you actually probably give you a really good set of positive feedback as to the things you're actively doing to build that business and what you may also start to realize as you examine that list notice what's missing what are you not doing that that you should maybe be doing that should have been on that list see how many different ways we can look. At this information right.

Now here's here's another thing. I want to. I want to caution a lot of you on in that for if you've been in. Planet.

David for any length of time you've heard me say this the fastest way to learn none of this is to try to learn all of it. So here's the deal. I'm giving you the sample of the buffet of what there is buying the things that resonate most powerfully with you that come easiest to you and over learn those. First when they start bearing fruit and you can do them in your sleep come back add another piece from the dessert tray or the entrees and work that into your your personal system of attraction and manifestation does that make sense okay.

Let's go ahead and. I'm gonna go to. Brady. Bunch mode and go ahead and share with mr.

Z. Bell up here in the corner go ahead and read me one of your amazing affirmations what will. I be grateful for today. But will.

I be grateful for today perfect gratitude is powerful when it comes to manifestation gratitude is one of the most powerful frequencies you can tap into more grateful you are the more you tend to attract carry talk to me how do. I deserve high paying motivate motivated clients okay. And what did you get a cool answer well i got bits and pieces i'm working on it okay. Write those down and i would write them in the form of a mind map okay.

John huh why. God does. I have to find love under relationship and what was your answer the unconscious mind gave you the unconscious mind gave me because. I'm a brilliant person there you go truth and gave me a little constructive narcissism it's good for you you asked the question both you get the answer why do.

I want a six-figure business in the answer was it is important for my self-esteem excellent excellent. Next one no. Judgment because that's what's important this is what. I mean you see what happens a lot of times we ask questions like this and we get that answer from the unconscious mind it clashes with what society says we should want and that's the problem it's okay.

To want things for superficial reasons you know some people might and. I'm not avoiding suggestion. Notah. But some people might here take note his answer to say oh you just ego-driven you just want feel good about yourself who the [ __ ] cares not your life right.

But society says that's a politically incorrect thought you should want to build a business. So you can help people well do you want to feel shitty about myself what good is my life that's most religions by the way what you want doesn't matter give to the poor be altruistic. Anyway let's go to rob you know what do. I need and.

Then it became how do. I need your phone uh-huh now try this one how am. I currently evolving in the way that's useful for me by being here yeah now here's where it gets really cool notice the difference take your affirmations right. Now notice the difference why.

But when you think it in your head versus when you speak it out loud take a moment and just speak it out loud and notice what happened what you guys notice more in pain uh-huh. John finds all this. I. I noticed that.

I could um as. I asked the question. I spoke it back to myself. So.

I vaporized yeah yeah and it was really quick it's quicker than the other one that's the externalization filter at work anybody else have an interesting experience right. Uh. Gary talk to me what's to give me when he grabbed formation. So me okay.

Gary yes. You are. Gary. I'm.

Gary. I'm. Gary hear me roar okay. So.

I was like oh do. I deserve to be wealthy and it was because the. First thing came out was because it will allow me to or it will empower me to get out and contribute to the world by taking what. I've overcome and helping others to overcome by using the process that took.

Me to success for myself and. Then well what's the reason for that it's because uh well that'll mean you feel better about myself okay. Cool any of these answers by the way you can actually go immediately deep dive and ask what's important about that right. See how the song is it all kind of spirals.

Charlie you got an unused brother oh oh everybody's frozen much was that to fulfill my golden past. I'm charging in. I mean you were frozen for like thirty seconds. So refuse death right.

Mother. Anyway what do. I like about having money and the love of my life my response was to fulfill my. Golden.

Path which is to be a playful traveler okay. What's important about being a playful traveler seeing the world change do you see a spirit do you see the shine come out of his eyes. You see it you send it off right. That's the moment we're looking for.

I missed it watch the video that's why we have it in okay. I asked why am. I. So good at playing lead licks on my ukulele mm-hmm and my answer was because.

I practice everyday very good excellent. Diana hi hi oh my god um how am i evolving in a way that will me make happiness a reality for me and what did your encounter and taking taking the step of stepping out of my zone of comfort. I guess perfect yeah and how did you feel when that came up actually gives me shivers just say again saying it out loud is the ticket very good yeah thank you one we want those visceral shivers those moments of right. That's how we know we're on the right.

Path. Joseph let me unmute myself here we are. So. I started with why am i destined to be a great author yeah and when that.

First came up. I got an. O. So.

I found the location and. I spun it and as. I was spinning in the opposite direction. I got the answer because it's fun there you go is it okay.

To have fun being great hmm some people say that such a superficial reason for wanting to be a great [ __ ] you here's what here's something interesting. David is. I said okay. It's fun well why is that important.

I got the answer because it's the meaning of life. Oh answer and. I asked myself well why is that important. I got the answer because that's what.

God wants you to do nice. So that's a quite a change excellent and how did you feel when those words came up positive much more positive excellent excellent excellent. Dennis what why do. I deserve a soul mate because.

I am a lovable kind gentle wonderful man ah it even helps that it's true yeah and had it and and and when those words came up and you heard them coming from within how did you feel. I felt great with it excellent and as you say when you speak them it actually reinforces that the you know the actual thing itself by the way and again this is just you know just off the top of my head you've all done other types of affirmations before in terms of the effect it has on you how are they different this one actually seems to work this one actually seems to work the others were absolute crap no. Resistance to it it's very deep remember human beings don't resist themselves yeah what your neurology generates your neurology accepts. Finally gives you a deeper level of not only finding some answer that might lead to resistance that you weren't aware you have rather than just blindly saying something and maybe you feel a little twinge maybe you don't.

I hear you obviously you get an immediate feedback from the unconscious that gives you allows you to dig you there's your real reason why right. Because. Then now we're always looking for why why why there's your real reason why and it doesn't have to match what society says you should want it doesn't have to match what your family's says why you should want it or shouldn't want it it's not about them it's about you it's always about you because until you satisfy you you're no. Good to anyone else okay.

And when you are good to other people you will never feel satisfied you'll never get what you want back okay. Um couple more and. Then we'll move on to other stuff. I hope this will stick with you though.

Elizabeth. Elizabeth to where are you these are an. Elizabeth where she is okay. She's a lot of good twice must be wrong or evil twin.

Skippy are you in a pool no. [Laughter] really okay. And guada - here we go one if their dad cuz. I my computer failed okay.

No. I can't see your cameras off. Elizabeth no. No.

Um it's just. I don't know there's a big black sign that says. Elizabeth on it and that's all. I see alright.

We'll come back to you. Elizabeth um oh there she is yes. So did you get it. Hey did you do this yes.

Okay. Give me your after watch me. I can okay. Hold on let me pull up my note how do you write underwater.

Haven again how do you write underwater um you know if you let me go on the fool yourself fun wouldn't get wet you'd be able to hear me. I can hear you thank you okay. So um. So why do.

I deserve a really um a really nice big house surrounded by nature that's mine and what did your unconscious mind say uh because they need it for spiritual work okay. And what's important about spiritual work it is my life path there you go right. And what happened when you set it out loud isn't that what an affirmation supposed to do uh yeah exactly perfect excellent wata. I'm excited with money my goodness man is like pumping.

So hard right. Now took. Me a while your timing is impeccable by the way. David.

So. I'm putting a lot together because you know. I like it that way again why do. I truly deserve to fooling okay.

Okay. So why do. I truly deserve to fully enjoy a ridiculously comfortable life and ecstatically fun and wild adventure experiences and an abundance of successfully fulfilling new love and relationships and what was your answer because. I'm continually cultivating and forging connections that matter to me oh and when you said that and when you heard that what happened in your body you're gonna need a cold shower after this class or what.

However talking to me why do. I deserve a six-figure hypnotherapy business and what was your answer because there's a lot of people that need my services and help out there excellent and when you said that to yourself what happened it made it made it more sense rather than me be feeling as greedy not less greedy it's not less greedy when. I said that this is this goes back to one of the most important aspects that are neglected in all magical practices the power of the logos the word speak your truth speak your spell's don't keep them inside declare what's inside and to the outside you understand okay. - what is the limit of pleasurable experiences that.

I can be grateful to give and receive and what was your answer there is none there is no. Limit uh-huh and how did that feel really good really good excellent. Sam yeah you gotta meet yourself. Samuel all right.

How about now. I can hear you now okay. What am i doing to be a great guitarist and the answer of course was none nothing feel good about that well it was an honest answer. I knew.

I know that. I'm not even putting a tenth of the effort that. I'm supposed to be putting into okay. So let's explore this a little bit are you a good guitarist no.

Okay. So maybe we need to ask a different question well what do i what what do. I need to do to want to become a great guitarist enough to the point where. I'll actually start practicing yeah direction.

I was getting ready to go remember sometimes the answers you get will surprise you right. Sometimes they'll disappoint you either way and sometimes they'll just light you up like a. Christmas tree like the vast majority of your getting and that's okay. Either way it gives you something to do.

Next you understand if what comes up isn't positive you know where to go you know where to fit you know what to fix understand. So if it's not immediately amplify an amplifying process its diagnostic right. And you have tools now to go after okay. Sherry.

Ann hello there hi why am i destined to be a life coach and. So. I asked myself that. I just got things.

I just want to help people okay. Why am i destined to be a life coach because. I just want to help people mm-hmm be happier. So and when you said that what happened mmm.

I just. I don't. I guess stale just don't actually different like feel true something exactly. I knew it wasn't true the minute you said it and.

So is our. I point to something and fix it. So try this one why do. I really want to help people why do.

I really want to help people mmm. I thought good+ try this one how is helping people really about helping myself how is helping people really about helping myself oh it it's making the its makes everything better it makes everything happier it makes my environment my world better and it makes me feel good and when you say those things to yourself and you have that realization how does that feel it feels good it feels now. I feel like. I'm lighter like.

I want to accomplish something many of us because of social condition and. I'm not saying this is necessarily you. But many of us because of social conditioning don't think it's okay. To help ourselves.

So we hide behind the mask of helping others because that's socially acceptable it's a rationalization it's not necessarily wrong in other words there's always a component of helping people somewhere in the mix. But at the end of the day we're all about helping ourselves and that's why many times when you say things about helping others it doesn't ring quite true because we've been conditioned to think it's wrong to be selfish that's why 80 perhaps over half the people who come to my my hypnotherapy class to become healers. I know you're not [ __ ] there for other people half of them are lying and the other half are honest which is why we spend. So much time in those classes doing the hands-on because.

I know you're not really there for other people yet you're there for you to get your [ __ ] handled and here. I'm here to tell you something maybe you've never heard before that's okay. It's okay. To do that many of the traditions and the organizations that we've come to call religious have brainwashed you for their own agenda to put to give and take and disempower yourself under the guise of helping others.

But you're no. Good to the world broke you no. Good to the world unhappy you no. Good to the world being disempowered.

But when you have a life that's worth living that inspires you and motivates you and fills you with abundance how easy is it to share that without feeling depleted or taken from or taken advantage from that's sharing share don't give okay. The. Buddha think there's an old. Buddhist saying that.

I've corrupted the. Buddhists used to say live half for yourselves or half for half for others in half for yourself i corrupted it and. I said live half for yourself. First and.

Then everybody else. But. Then. I would take it even further only help the people who demonstrate they deserve the help oh because there's a lot of people who will take your help who don't deserve it and if you give them the help they don't deserve you're hurting them you're burning them yes.

What happens when you're intentionally wanting to help the person because you see something. But they don't. However it feels that they're rejecting it and they're not ready for the help you want to give them and. So the best help you can give them is no.

Help you heard me say this kwatak in every hypnotherapy class since the dawn of time most people do not change until chorus they have suffered enough. Thank. You chorus what is by the way there's this word we kept throwing around called discomfort is there is there another word that kind of describes extreme discomfort suffering pain yeah they have to go through that pain until they reach a point where they say. I will not tolerate one more [ __ ] day of this and.

I will do whatever it takes to get something different each of us has a different threshold of discomfort that we're willing to accept those of us who recognize it early on know what to do. But a lot of us are a little bit more stubborn somebody had a question. I saw it no. Um deddi talk to me okay.

First of all. I really really love this exercise. I came up with a bunch of other questions what actions do. I need to take what do.

I need to learn how is helping other people really about helping myself. I love that one. So my answer is well my question is what do. I deserve and my answer is.

I deserve to be rich successful happy and joyful because it will inspire others to achieve their wildest desires and dreams. I will give more to the world shining my bright. Golden light on to others. Then standing in the shadows whining as a victim what happened when you got those words here here's a great affirmation that came up you know just off the top of my head for all of you why is getting david into david's platinum program going to give me everything i want most in life okay.

Try to argue with the logic behind that and notice what happens instead right. Give me one of your informations well mine is why do i always make decisions quickly and correctly and the answer i got back is because my subconscious mind does it automatically for me and spits out the right. Answer. So i don't have to think about it or rethink it yay and how did you feel when you got that answer i felt really good not cool right.

All right. Let me there's i have a a page two here apparently. George we're gonna take a break after this don't worry okay. Okay.

Well. I have to apologize say yesterday and today it seems like when you start doing the exercises. I've been going either in trance or falling asleep sometimes. I have to sort of when we did the breakout groups.

I had to sort of wait for. Second. So. I can see what it is mm-hmm.

But. I looked at my list and the. First thought that came to my mind was not anything on my list. But it was that the universe would provide me what.

I need exactly when. I needed it and. Then the answer. I got was well what about what you want mm-hmm excellent.

So there was a list you thought you had and. Then there was the other list excellent excellent and when you got that answer how did it make you feel that you know maybe. I deserve more than what. I necessarily mean and to start focusing on what it actually want.

Amen brother because that's the difference between surviving and living right. Excellent well the lady. Victoria of comfort mine was um why do. I deserve to travel the world and the answer was because you gain experience knowledge and perspective not available in your hometown and when those words came up how did you feel um it makes it more kind of brings it from outside inside.

So it makes it possible rather than just like a fleeting dream or thought here's one you can add to that you might want to try it how am. I making travelling the world immediately possible now something to play with. Thank. You.

Holly lady. Holly of. Bigelow yeoman. Holly well.

I keep getting kicked out. So. I'm not changing my name of a let's see. I have a two questions that are kind of two halves of the same one.

But why do. I deserve to be a multi-billionaire and why am. I going to be a multi-billionaire and what was. I've got lots of them.

I'll pick one because. I'm really really good with money and because. I will use it for maximum efficiency and for good and. Then he likes to be powerful and be used for good.

So it'll come to me because it wants to be magnified excellent very cool and how did you feel what you said those cool words to yourself really good yeah it's all about feeling really good right. Cuz if you're not feeling really good what's the point amen let me jump to the entire room just shuffled. So now. I got to figure out who.

I haven't talked to yet. Hank let me pick on you real quick why do deserves to find peace and forgiveness with my brother and what happened cuz. I can move forward with my life and how did that feel um okay. I think.

I could. I can't really think of something more cuz. I really don't like the guy uh-huh it's been an ongoing thing for many years it's an energy. I carry with me and.

I've worked on on this a lot with many people here's a better question or a different question let's see if this helps you is it really important for me to forgive my brother or like my brother. I'm not sure about the answer to that as. I'm saying it to myself what was the. First impression what was the.

First thing that came up yes. Okay. And if. I were to be able to forgive my brother in a way that made me feel good about it what would that entail killing him.

I know okay. So the presuppositions a lot of it there's nothing wrong with what you said. But let me let me let me kind of help you with this a little bit your brother in your mind in order for you to be able to forgive him you must pay for and atone for his sins yeah that's what it's that's what. I have caught.

I've blurred out that it's not working though no. I've tried to make him atone and he's not able to atone you don't need him to atone in reality in the physical world you need him to atone in the. Avatar you've made of him in your mind oh that's good. I have really thought of that before that's why.

I get paid the big bucks. But you've heard me say and. I don't know how long you've been you know absorbing our materials. But it's.

I've made a very controversial statement from time to time that forgiveness is not necessary to move forward what is that it's the the the it's like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die not eat well that's that's also true that's not what. I'm getting at human beings cannot get to forgiveness until they achieve justice justice as far as the human organism is concerned is more important than forgiveness that justice must be either literal that justice can be either literal or metaphorical it can be objective or subjective the neurology doesn't care and. So when you get a chance to work with like. TJ or.

Paul or. Seth there's a process where we call in the. Karma police and the karma police literally analyze all the sins that those people have have perpetrated on you and they deliver that. Karma back to those people in the most chemically appropriate way imaginable and you're actually allowed to enjoy watching it happen okay.

Sounds weird when we talk about it from the conscious. Minds perspective when you actually experience it in the hypnotic processes it's dramatically therapeutic okay. Remember that forgiveness is not necessary to get healthier to move forward what is necessary is justice payback. David.

I had a personal experience with that. I might be helpful. I had some really bad things that happened to me when. I was six years old you know they come back and hit me until.

I was in my 40s and all sudden. I had like this real anger towards the persons or people that abuse and. I started going through like just imagining all kinds of violence toward them things like that meaning to the day you know. I talked to my dad stepdad he's got a lot of stuff similar to you he said the exact same thing about the metaphor and stuff like that.

So. I allowed myself to go through that and it's vengeance and stuff and. Then. I tell you it really healed yeah the pain that.

I was having and it's by going through that and uh allowing myself to experience those feelings even you know just for those of you who are more spiritually oriented even. Louise hey one of the most spiritual writers in history if you read her book. Heal your body and heal your life there's a chapter in there on watching on having your son or your clients beat the living daylights out of the people who harm them as a road to forgiveness okay. This is a this is a valid true therapeutic technique and the way we deliver it and identity by design and in regression allows the person to watch the universe delivering that justice on their behalf rather than them having to do it themselves unless they really want to right.

You give me the choice. But you got to understand that there's a lot of horseshit that's never been tested that are is is rampant in the therapy fields. But this belief that we absolutely must forgive before we can move on not the whole truth not the whole truth there's many times forgiveness is one of the most healing processes out there. But there are others and there is a pecking order to it go ahead just also.

I find this interesting. I got this from a friend of mine who's a. Sister of. Mercy.

So pretty pretty spiritual lady and she makes the distinction that forgiveness and reconciliation are not the same thing that's true you can reach a point of forgiving somebody without necessarily reconciling them because that's on them also in our classic look. At. Knossos training when we're going through therapeutic forgiveness processes jerry kind made some really good distinctions about this idea of forgiveness forgiveness does not mean that what they did was okay. It doesn't mean that you like the person even though maybe someone you claim to love it doesn't mean you will ever allow that [ __ ] to happen again right.

What it does mean is that you've reached an understanding and that understanding is that the people who've sinned against us who've perpetrated against us we're really no. No. More than the equivalent of automatons running the program that based on a level of knowledge understanding and situational awareness and context they couldn't have done anything different and when the when these people sinned against us and we hold on to that anger in that rage and that resentment. First of all it doesn't mean that your anger and resentment isn't righteous.

But it's like picking up a piece of wood or a piece of metal on the side of the road and as you pick it up a splinter gets lodged in your finger or your hand from that piece of wood or that piece of metal and maybe we throw the wood away or we you kicked the metal to the side of the road and we think that that wood or that metal is gone. But if we never go back we pull out and pull out the splinter no. Matter where we go and no. Matter what we do that metal or that wood keeps control of us it continues to affect and influence us and like any splinter left ignored or untended infections set in it begins to fester it begins to make every part of us sick because we never went back and pulled out the splinter forgiveness a lot like building out the.

Splinter it gives yourself a chance to heal not for the sake of the other person cuz you threw them away a long time ago because you're not gonna let that influence you anymore you're not going to allow it to conserve that level of control over your life and you can heal and you're free okay. Forgiveness is never about the other person even though it seems like it is let's see here why not pick on yet. Michael did. I think.

I. I could go. Michael. Biggs ready.

Michael. Renzulli can you speak or you want to just type it in the chat. I can call in what's that the. Next one.

I'll call it in oh yeah. Seaton talk to me sorry okay. I said uh why do. I deserve 17 million dollars nice more specific on that amount yeah hey should.

I be more specific. I don't know one time network and it's some website says 17 million. So. I just felt that night a bit of a gold post it was a hopeful website for me those opposed to this that's inspirational brother go for it inspiration talented and capable and.

I'm open to excellent you're open to it. I like that when you and when those words came up from your unconscious how did that feel when. I said. I'm open to it that's really kind of like is what.

I've learned in time. I can remember a bunch of times in life where. I've rejected obvious gifts and. Then.

Later in life was like oh they were offering. I just couldn't. I couldn't see it that was a bit of a revelation for you it wasn't it yeah. I know.

I've been killing me for a while now and. I'm like what has been making me stop seeing that and. Then you the. Last three days.

I've kind of seen explained it to me like oh yeah that's why. I haven't seen it it's cuz. I forced myself not to see it. I was committed to one path wait he says what you got somebody else.

I'm sorry yeah. I did yeah oh oh yes. You went bad no. I'm good thank you sir see okay.

Okay. So for me was why do. I deserve to have a hugely successful online business and. Then there was all kinds of stuff that came up.

So. First one because. I worked my butt off it was a good reason because. I meant to do it because.

I deserve to be successful and well-paid because my path has led me here because. I've done this before in previous lifetimes worth in the leader and priestess and yada yadi because all the people will join my classes will be transformed and because it's fulfilling for me and because. I'm on my golden path when. I do it.

So nice and. Hallenbeck feel great you know it's inevitable it's meant to be lady. Linda of. Cunnings our.

Cummings hello hello my question was why do. I deserve to be rich and happy uh-huh and the universe told me because now you know after attending these three days how to work smarter not harder very nice very nice excellent and when those words came up how did that feel good because that's what. I learned about all the time. I don't want to have to work two jobs to you know just exist.

I want to work one job that. I loved and. I want to be successful perfect let's go with um. Ahmed did.

I would we get yours yet no. Not yet go ahead and read me what you got. I wrote down what will. I do that track romantic love in my life and what happened my mind my unconscious mind automatic responded man up use my degree to get that job that internship tell people how you feel regardless of any anxiety that you have and have fun with the process and trust the outcome and let it unfold you excellent and how did that make you feel made me feel a lot more open.

I noticed. I was suppressing a bunch of my feelings and just letting them letting my feelings be buttered up instead of actually you know releasing the genie out of the bottle it's now a feeling releasing genie out of the bottle excellent well done yeah mr. Jack talk to me it was an interesting because some of my thoughts stuff. I thought was.

So simple in the answers and like. Debby or. Holly to have these great answers. I just got out okay.

Can it be that simple. First one came to mind is why do. I deserve the woman of my dreams and the. First part of that was.

I'm a child of. God and it was real relax even soothing and. Then was like well why about that and it was who. God is love and.

Then the. Second one is why do. I deserve a cyber truck a cyber truck no. I don't even know what that is.

But it sounds cool it's fun to. Tesla again your new truck if you don't know what it is you have to see it it's wild and what came to mind is because. I would use it and enjoy it perfect remember whether the answers are long and verbose or simple they're yours it that's all that matters okay. And one how to someone saying something hello comment maybe a question.

David. So we. First think about affirmations no. You think about you know this is something that.

I want. I'm gonna keep you feeding it to myself to expresses or manifest in my life the more. I'm looking at this is how you're talking about doing you know affirmations yes. That's one part of it.

But. I'm also seeing on a deeper level it's more of a questioning to your your subconscious to your inner self and that you can use this probably for anything to get an answer about things or things not only things you want. But also things that might be affecting you yeah to get to a core answer it's. So it's much broader than just using it as a manifestation to them absolutely.

But we got to start with practical applications. First before we go into those other applications. So many of the things we teach in. Planet.

David there's levels and you're not gonna be ready for the deeper stuff until you satisfy your more primal needs and that's how it's supposed to be okay. So well done. Michael good mr. white this is this is. Ross.

Oh. Ross yes. And that you as you can see the screen is as. Elizabeth and no.

Picture of me this exercise is really quite profound. I've hated affirmations my entire career thinking they're just silly and didn't work. So. I created this one why am.

I. So successful at recreating the workplace and. Then. I recognized.

I spent 52 years paying attention learning the skill sets to make that happen. I didn't know that and. Then it's what's important about that said it's big enough this is really a wonderful wonderful exercise thank you. But she did the work you have the answers all along.

I don't know it's got a stir. I question remember the youth the human nervous system. Second only to the universe is the world's most powerful question-answering manifestation mechanism that exists. But you only have an appreciate how long.

I've been looking for that answer loose of obvious is right. In front of my face there's a there's a at the risk of taking more time than maybe we have there's an old story and. I don't know if it's if it's mythology and. I don't know if it was just something somebody came up with.

But. I heard it and it and it stuck with me. So profoundly that. I'm gonna share it with you many many moons ago many many centuries ago the.

Greek gods looking down on mankind and they noticed how powerful that people were and the gods argued among yourself themselves and they said we need to hide this power from mankind we need to make sure that they never tabbed in to this power that they that of the power of the gods and they argue for the weeks and months about where to hide it and and one. God said well let's hide it on top of the highest mountain they'll never reach there no. No. They're too enterprising there - relentless they'll find it there well.

Neptune said let's hide it at the bottom of the ocean or. Poseidon rather and said no. No. They'll eventually find it there they'll figure out how to get to it and of course.

Haiti said well let's hide it in the bowels of the earth no. No. Man. I'll find it and.

I forget which. God it was maybe it was. Athena maybe it was mercury because. I know where to hide it will hide it inside them they'll never think to look.

They're just an idea just a phone meditate or just ask the right. Questions questions okay. Let's see who have. I not picked on.

David chant talk to me all right. Yeah. So. I asked how am i enjoying my larger home and it feels good.

I'm enjoying it and naturally start thinking of what. I can use those extra moon runes they start naturally visualizing perfectly you think this exercise might be useful for your image cycling lists absolutely mm-hmm just an idea remember manifesting is actually once you get past the clearing side of it it's all about pleasure higher vibrations sorryi moment it's gone now it is. California after all let me talk to. Bruce talk to me.

Bruce. Lutie did you this can come. Bruce. Bruce well eight-figure stature in my response was because.

I always get my desires okay. I'm grateful and how did that feel it's good it felt real selling is really gonna happen because. I really believe it and product lease impending take seminar some things have been going on you know with my business and. I'm having the truth.

So what. I'm learning more it's all the same it's all connected we just don't always see how that's yeah. Robert. I think.

I just. I skipped you. So. I want to give you double time.

Then well. Brian. I asked myself how. I'll having a.

PhD in mathematics improve my self-esteem mm-hmm and the answer. I got was. I'll stop comparing myself to my family in negative ways perfect and how did that make you feel made me feel like. I'm fulfilling a certain aspect of my destiny really you are and the fact and and here once again it is is an answer that once again that socially programmed conditioning might kick in and cause us to feel a little conflicted about that answer even though it's the one that's actually driving the bus you know there's a lot of people will say getting a.

PhD just. So you can feel better about yourself isn't a good idea you know and how your family thinks of you or whatever it might not be the right. Reason to get one that's right. Even my family thinks of me in ways that.

I have nothing to do with that and and inflicts none of that on me it's inside of me that compares myself to them oh. I'm aware. I'm aware that maybe your family doesn't feel that way. But your answer to the question in the land the way it was structured was a great teaching example for other people who may pass judgment on their actual reasons for doing things and feel the need to sublimate it like you know using.

Sherry's example she wants to help herself. But she can't say that without feeling bad because she's afraid of being she's it's not that she can say that she does it's not that she feels bad about being that way she feels bad about being judged for being that way and this is the thing that that will keep you from your golden path more than anything else is that fear of being judged for following your heart for being true to why the whys behind what you're really doing and we aren't we need to get past that if we want to step in as my teacher. Lillian likes to say stand in the light of our truth you have your own reasons for doing what you want and your reasons are always the right. Reasons not your mom's reasons not your husband's reasons or your wife's reasons or your church's reasons or your government's reasons or whatever your reasons are the only reasons that matter at the end of the day because when you follow them you're moving toward your.

Ming and moving towards your destiny and you're building that and that's it's a journey that we don't really have an end to. But there are levels like a video game and nothing is wasted and everything is important mr. steyr talk to me this is very. I love this stuff. I got a lot of them.

I got one of them was kind of a dream and. I put it out there why do. I deserve to travel by private jet my answer was because. I do and.

I love to travel and makes it feel possible for me before it was just kind of like oh it'd be nice to do and. I'd like to do that. I see other people doing it. But now it's like yeah.

I can do that. So that's when. I got out of it boom there you go you're more likely to get it yeah you're far more likely to get it excellent is there another. Robert that.

I missed. Rob we get you. Rob with the weird spangly background okay. We got you um.

I think no. We got. KJ are you with us. KJ once.

KJ twice. KJ three times. Florence you're up. Florence once.

Lauren's twice. I'm just not feeling well this is why. I was just manifesting anything you're not feeling well that's why you weren't manifesting anything no. I mean at this process present moment.

I thought you said that you should not make manifestations than you are unwell. I have a stomachache did you didn't do the exercises what you're saying oh. But it was yesterday. I wrote things.

I wanna manifest. But right. Now. I have a stomachache okay.

What did you do this exercise you mean yesterday no. Today. But. I was not doing today because.

I'm not feeling well you said you should do it only if you feel good be at the image cycling exercise yes. Okay. We're doing you in the information exercise. So did you write any questions down like.

I asked or were you just listening oh if you don't feel well. I'm fine. I just. I just need to know where the other yeah okay.

Alright. Um. Katherine or cat yes. Um it's quite simple.

But. I feel like it comes before everything else what am i doing to create more energy in my life and my answer simply enough was baby steps because. I needed a patient with myself absolutely most of us do most of us are far too impatient with ourselves back we're gonna talk about that when we get into the five or six characteristics of naturally lucky people we're gonna talk about that in sweet we're gonna look. At ways to change it okay.

And when you said that and when you said those things to yourself what happened inside. I felt more relaxed yeah a little less stressed when we. Finally acknowledged our truth instead of trying to sublimate it or make it politically correct or acceptable man we lose a lot of that stress yeah a lot of that tension and there's no. Way for me to explain it to you or to translate to accept that have you experienced it you start to become really comfortable in your own skin yes.

And that's a big deal because all the agencies external to us are trying to keep us from that feeling for their own agendas they all think they have our best interests at heart because our obviously our best interest or what serves them right. Not. So much right. And this is the kind of thinking that those agencies fear people who know what's right.

For them and follow that truth no. Matter where it leads them let me go ahead and one how about 10 to you with us brother thank you. Ken one and twice a.m. there we go no. Kent three times all right.

Did. I miss anyone. Oh. Tara thought.

I got you okay. Go ahead. Hey. So mine sounds a bit selfish.

But. I'm just gonna do it all right. Why do. I deserve to have better health or be in better health and have better vitality mm-hmm cause.

I have more energy okay. I'll be able to do the things that. I want to do well. I did before.

I before. I gained weight. I'll go back to my 60 kg weight. I'll be even more beautiful what's important about that because being beautiful makes life easier and get through life with with much more ease mm-hmm you're not wrong honestly.

I have to disagree with you about one thing. I don't really think you could be any more beautiful thank you also. I had one more question yes. On the.

First day you said when you're putting affirmation and when you're trying to manifest you need to be in high vibration. I understood. I understood it. But.

I feel like. I need to have a little bit more substance around that that makes sense you need to feel good when you do it when you do your manifestation work you need to focus on all the things that bring joy and happiness in your life like this exercise did how did you feel when you said those things to yourself. So initially. I felt good and.

Then. I felt oh gosh am. I being selfish. I started judging yourself yeah.

Then. I suppose do it. Anyway yep all right. Yes.

And that's that voice that judges what comes up that's the voice that was conditioned into you by society and culture that's the what comes up. First is you and the truth your truth okay. And it's okay. That's the only truth that matters okay.

Okay. All right. I'm gonna do this she wasn't expecting this. Stephanie.

I'm gonna pick on you now um you can't pick on me right. Now because. I'm doing other words. Oh fine fine it's for you okay.

Then go ahead all right. Did. I miss anyone me. Oh.

God yep it's an easy one how soon can. I move into a large enough house. I think a better will be how soon can. I move out in.

Minnesota and what was your answer. Next year. Next year very cool and how did you feel when you said that cool. Finally means the stock market's going to cooperate with me you go boy all right.

So seems like such a simple thing and yet some of the most powerful things in our world are the simplest that being said it is 1256 you get 35 minutes for lunch because we got a lot to do in a very short time now well you know it doesn't matter how much you have in terms of the scope of everything. I could teach you what's important is what you do with what you have each and every piece. I gave you in this in this whole two-and-a-half day journey has been radioactive and nuclear in what it can do your job is to cherry pick the ones you really really like and apply them to make your life what you want it to be because there's always more you can learn there's always another level to go to. But at the end of the day if you just acquire stuff and never do anything with it you might as well not know it knowledge unused is useless knowledge okay.

Make the. Second payment. I understand you paid the money to get into this class to get access to the information now make the. Second one the one that gives you ownership with that being said have a great lunch we'll see you at 1:30 hasta.

LaVista baby. David. I have a question no. Yes.

What it's gonna be good okay. So. I'm not going there. So on.

So when you're you know how you said focus on the wat and not how. I. I was thinking what a manifest that. I'm gonna go to a.

Davis training and in this game worthy a worthy aspiration speak to. Stephanie she'll tell you the how no. I. I know that.

I know that. I only know. I only want specific once do. I have to be really specific about that and do.

I need to like put in all these effort to like this is why. I'm taking this dis best because to me is that like you said it's simple and. I'm running in that that this is this is what. I needed to.

I might take your trainings and. I'm not specific in which one. I just know that in my gut. I know what which one it is once.

I see it mm-hmm yeah and. I'm like and that resonates with me you're very good driven person. So follow your gut all right. And.

Then. I have a follow-up question it's something that you mentioned and. I know that this is gonna be important once we start manifesting focus on your primal needs if you can go a little bit more on that and. Then you said something about cultivating your root chakra.

So how exactly do you cultivate that and make sure that it's you know. I'll put that on the list and if we can get to that in this training otherwise we'll cover it in the. Next vibe class because we got like 19 different things. I'm going to cover.

So we'll probably get two maybe three or four of them alright. Eat your lunch we'll see you at 1:30.
