Title: _3DGzZZl7tE.txt
Video Id: _3DGzZZl7tE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3DGzZZl7tE

Make sense. So now. I want you to close your eyes. Take a deep breath in put your feet flat on the floor put your hands comfortably in your.

LA and let's relax. Focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. Begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids until they're. So relaxed.

So fully completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them and when you know you've got them now relax just give them a little test just to be sure and spread that relaxation from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart just let yourself go going into a state with which you've become intimately familiar a state of. Deep deep deep trance you may begin to notice as you go deeper and deeper and deeper still a growing sense of comfort peace inward. Focus as.

I count down from five going down down down deeper and deeper and deeper still number four any sounds you hear other than the sound of my voice simply the sounds of our environment you already know that they're impossible to disturb you or distract you all they can do is signal you to go even deeper still drifting dreaming floating flying three going down down deeper and deeper down down down number two going down down down deeper and deeper down down down number one we drifting dreaming floating fly. I want you to begin to use that amazing imagination of yours. I want you to begin to feel yourself raing up out of your body floating up higher and higher and higher still as your body continues to go deeper and deeper deeper and deeper down floating up. So high you can look.

Down and see a glowing line of time stretching off into the future and as you look. The opposite direction flowing back back back into the past and at each end of that line of time this beautiful glowing light that represents a transition point either into this realm of time and space or out of it and as you begin to float backwards over the line of time that represents your personal history you can begin to feel a sense of. Freedom safety security a feeling of returning to the purest simplest most power ful part of you that place we call your. Center your spirit your soul that point of.

Consciousness that would one day take on a body as you pass through that light at the very beginning of your history and you pass into a different place a place that's become familiar a place that's warm safe complete in all the right. Ways that makes you feel completely accepted completely connected and integrated part of you that exists outside of time outside of space place we call the womb of. Eternity as you find yourself merging with that spark of. Consciousness that is you that is the sum total of your connection to the divine mind that has all the worth you could possibly imagine the spark that is the essence of who you are and what you are as a being complete with its full value it's full worthiness a spark that is no.

Less valuable than any other spark of. Consciousness that exists no. More valuable because at this level we all have equal value feel yourself merge with that becoming fully integrated at every level realizing that from this place we call your. Center you are complete you have dominion you have control because you are your.

Center you are not your body even though you have one you have a history you have memories. But you're not your memories you have clothes you have money you have things you have emotions ideas beliefs you have values. But you're more than that you're above it those are parts of you those are things that you have or things that you do. But they're not you and that gives you tremendous control tremendous freedom to choose who you want to be how you want to live your life realizing at the deepest most profound level that you're always enough you're always loved you're always accepted and you're never alone and don't just take my word for it listen to the voice that voice of authority inside telling you what you most need to hear what you most need to learn in a voice you can always trust a voice that you can always believe a voice that speaks 10 times louder than any other voice and as you continue to listen to this voice it's like time begins to change you find yourself on a loop a loop that began with you getting on a plane or a car or a bus and making a journey a journey to a far away land a magical place a place where you could learn really learn about you about what you're truly capable of and maybe when you journey to that far away place in your mind maybe it's a castle maybe it's a city maybe it's a little village somewhere whatever represents that place of absolute learning absolute transformation that's okay.

Because no. Matter how it takes shape within you when you arrive you're welcomed with open arms with love with excitement with passion and you're taken by the hand and you're guided guided through through a series of processes processes that you do and as you do them you learn really learn about you it's kind of like the old kung fu series those old. David kering movies where the young qu. Chang sits outside of the temple waiting patiently as the monks test his perseverance his dedication to becoming a shallin warrior and after waiting for.

So long when everybody else has given up determining and creating and defining that. Relentless drive to succeed within him to go forward no. Matter what he's. Finally given admission to the temple and he's taught things about his mind things about his body he's given techniques and drills that are designed to destroy the limitations he's imposed on himself to teach him how to fully tap into all the powers of mind and body and he goes through his process after process after process and one final day after many challenges and many lessons repeating them over and over and over again until he's got him he's led to the final test or series of tests and in that test there a series of rooms with various challenges maybe a gray room with a glowing orange fire pit or maybe a gallery with white and black picture frames or maybe a garden filled with statues or a magic circle where he can learn what the.

Masters have to teach him directly or indirectly maybe he learns how to spin his chi in a certain way. I don't know. However you do it you've learned many things you've learned many lessons learn many you're conscious of and many you're unconscious of and that's okay. Because learning evolves continues and accelerates and as you begin that.

Journey that. Journey the process you took. To get here starting from the time you made the decision getting on that plane that bus or that train that car from the very. First day you can begin to find yourself moving forward through time reliving reexperiencing every moment of every day learning growing assimilating amplifying integrating and ultimately expressing everything you've learned confidently confidently not because you were confident from the start no.

Because you were. Relentless because no. Matter how uncertain you were no. Matter what was in front of you or the task at hand you rolled up your sleeves you did the drills you earned the skills that part of you now as you move through the five days we've spent together extracting assimilating and integrating and implementing and expressing everything you've learned consciously and unconsciously.

I want you to begin to cycle from the very beginning to the very end of this training over and over and over again each time the pictures the feeling is getting bigger brighter stronger more and more imp printed into every level of your body and mind consciously and unconsciously for each and every repetition that you've done in class you gain 10 more benefit and it just gets stronger and. From. This. Moment forward each night while you sleep and while you dream your deep deep deep unconscious mind will continue to make more changes create new neurological connections that profoundly change who you are and how you perceive and move through the world.

So that your life and the person you want to be only gets better you've made the investment you've done the work you've made the journey you've earned the rewards and it's true for you now. I want you to cycle through those days together new friends new relationships new perceptions of the world seeing the. Matrix in all the right. Ways when you know you've got it feel yourself rocketing forward through time.

Beyond this training seeing how every day and week and month of your life as you rock it through it only gets better and better and better and when you know you've got it move forward into a time in the future having enjoy fully enjoyed the fruits of these feel look. Back on this moment with a sense of pride a feeling of accomplishment a sense of yes. I did it it's only getting better. The.

World. Is. Mine feel that representation of yourself that image begin to grow 10 by 10 by 10 feel those energies from your pillars of power doubling tripling in size strength and intensity only becoming more permanent and examplified magnified personified for as long as your heart continues to be and your lungs continue to breathe it's simply the way it works and when you know you've got it feeling good noticing how everything has changed for the better that when you look. Back on the past you can only remember it in this new way only in ways that make your life better by your expectations by your standards allow yourself to float back to the moment fully integrating into your body feeling all those transformations to click into place head clear mind clear energized synergized harmonized in the direction of your perfect life always learning always doing magnetizing everything you want everything you desire into your life because because you desire it and you deserve it number one yourself integrating back into that body bringing on all of these.

Transformations. Revelations and educations with you two doubling and tripling the power of what you've learned only getting stronger with each coming day week and month three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face. Pace always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and from this moment on your other than conscious mind will easily effortlessly automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's obvious isn't it it's all for you you made the investment you made the journey you did the drills we have the documentation of that you own the skills it only gets better your nervous system knows how to do it your nervous systems are doing it and it's true for you now on the.

Next count you can emerge only at the rate and speed that you're totally clear mind and body knowing you've got it in all the right. Ways be able to do it on the spot anytime anywhere for any reason ready to kick butt take names in every positive sense of the word number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel for those of you who have cameras. I suggest you get them. James would you please join me on stage for our official graduating class of 2015.

Real. World with nurses it's that time okay. Read them out uh. I'll read them out you can hand them out okay.

And uh pose for pictures or whatever uh. James is is a we have a a benediction that we do at. NLP training a lot that we kind of adopted for training in our in our people as. I call your name please come up and hand and get your certificate get your hand get your your your honorary pick or whatever it is that you're going to do you guys ready to rock and roll.

William. Kenton. Crawford come on up. First real world hypnotist [Applause] [Music] thank you thank you congratulations.

Sandra. SOS real world hypnosis congratulations thank you here you go there we go these are all. Facebook. Moments thank you you're very welcome good job very.

Robert. R codell come get some brother and. Bravo you need to get a certificate for. Bravo congratulations all right.

Come on up buddy all right. Hypno. Dog without bra no. There hi piure you notice at the bottom of your uh bottom of your certificates there's a little space if you want to put your picture or something on there could do that right.

It's a little bit. So if you know if you want one that's a little bit centered more centered. I have those as well. But that's what you want you want to stay up here buddy or you want to go with.

Dad you can stay if you want all right. Peter. J. Dan come on up there you go oops hang on one more one more it's take a little while yeah sounds like my sex life anywayy.

Peter all right. All right. [Applause]. Next.

CHR. Christina dear. Cruz woo conratulations good we're all famous philli. Keith dwire the mighty doctor all the way from.

Down. Under thank you you're welcome sir get your picture all right. Colin fiser from the. UK come on down.

I'm glad. I'm on the stage. I feel like a short comparity beautiful y you're very welcome congratulations my friend. Timothy.

Grant from. Arizona come on up he's comfortable though yes. He is he's look. At that shake hands with.

James good he drops it congratulations see how much you care about that certific bastard nicely done. Pamela cabel she goes the hard way of course congratulations thank you go picture picture picture oh all right. Very good congratulations kener. Coons all these tall.

I have to stand on the stage just to feel some somewhat on balance with them right. Very good. Francine. Mallen.

I took. The liberty of putting francen in there because you wrote it out. Fran. But if.

I have to change it. I will. I think you might have to okay. Thanks oops okay.

Got to get your picture picture all right. What's going on. Facebook. Yep one of those facial iions.

Robert. J. Monaco come on up keep the energy going. I don't think he's having a problem with that all right.

Good job. Deborah. Nelson come on down [Applause] there you go that's your. Kodak moment here you go.

Adrien. Phillips yes. I did these an alphabetical [Applause] order took. You long enough to get here.

Jesus give her a big round of applause thank you congratulations yeah my pleasure my pleasure all right. Robert [Applause]. Sherwood real world hypnosis our poster [Applause] child good job nicely done. Patrick.

M [Applause] seagert thank you thank you congratulations thank you very much you guys are going to change the world guaranteed. Anna. Ray. Taber come on [Applause] up see that give her a big she goes to the opposite side cuz she just has to be different well done well done it's my nature very very good.

Alex hung. Tran come on up brother. So us what you [Applause] got like. Johnny.

Carson can. I do this [Music] [Applause] yes. Very good cool what do you got here. Christopher.

Van. Denberg you made it bro long time coming. I'm actually proud of this yeah. I'm proud of you thank you all right.

You earned it more pictures he's not done yet okay. Got brother starting to getting tiring. Man actually. I think that's it.

So now everybody please stand okay. Take your certificate in your left hand hold it by the corner put it on your head raise your right. Hand repeat after me. I do solemnly swear.

I do solemnly swear that. I will take the skills. I learned in this course that. I will take the skills.

I learned in this course and change the world for the better and change the world for the better and furthermore and furthermore. I solemnly swear. I solemnly swear that. I will not become a with them that.

I will not become a with them like. So many of those who came before me like. So many of those who came before me congratulations real [Applause] [Music].
