Title: Unlimited Influence - Body Language, Face Reading How To Read Anyone Psychological Influence Tricks
File Name: _dr9pcUplno.txt
Video Id: _dr9pcUplno
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dr9pcUplno

Now um thank you for your input now i will make an arbitrary decision as to what we're going to cover. But i wanted you to feel included yeah yeah and i hope i've succeeded in helping you feel that i've included you before i ignore everything you asked me for no. We'll actually get to a lot of this. But we're going to do it in a in a specific sequence.

So we have to have an outcome for everything. So i don't care if we're doing resistance removal i don't care if we're doing body language whatever we got to know what we want we got to set a context we got to know what we want human beings are context driven creatures we learn best in context which is one of the biggest challenges we had when we. First started developing these systems because we wanted them to be multi-contextual context independent and the problem is that people can't if they can't contextualize they can't figure out if something's for them or not right. And.

So you have a very universal system like cpi and it was like it's persuasion persuasion for what everything huh right. So you have persuasion for business people persuasion for social applications persuasion for medical applications it's the same system with minor tweaks with the content. But it's the same structure and people get that much better right. So um.

So let me just take a look. At what we've got here. So well the easiest thing to do is gonna start with uh face reading. So let's talk about that a little bit realizing we have a whole lot more that we can do with this okay.

This is going to be the most immediately useful diagram of well there's actually more of it um this is the emotional map of the face now uh for those of you who have spent any time in behavioral sciences world for any length of time you've heard of a man named dr paul ekman you've taught me you've heard me talk about him and his books telling lies and um motions revealed motion drill thank you uh and we talk about the emotional refractory period and my dr ekman was the person who discovered the concept of the phenomena known as micro expressions micro expressions are momentary facial fluctuations that happen when a human being is experiencing emotion they're trying to hide they only appear for a fraction of a. Second. But they're very very uh specific as to the kinds of motion emotions that the person is expressing or trying to conceal the problem is they don't tell you why they're having those emotions. So it only tells you it's just a diagnostic of what they're feeling.

But not why they're feeling it it's very useful in in deception detection as well. But that is not this this would be the corollary this what you see here would be the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions every emotion that you have every emotional experience that you have marks your face okay. So the chinese say when you're born it's the closest you'll ever be to your original face the face you were before you took. On a body they say by the time you're in your 50s you've got the face you deserve because it's your emotional lifestyle your tru your trauma history how you hold on to or release or process emotions the way you've maintained your your internal health that determines what your face looks like and the face just like everything else about human beings is holographic in nature that's why when you do face reading and face reading i should tell you right.

Now has over 3000 years of empirical research behind it chinese observational science and what we know and it's a very uh one of the very. First branches of chinese medicine we can diagnose your entire set of internal organs from your face i know how your lungs are doing i know how your stomach is doing your large intestine your small intestine your kidneys your liver your spleen your pancreas i can diagnose all of it from your face just like i can diagnose your organs i can diagnose your emotions because there's correspondences each of the organ systems has a range of emotional experiences connected to it those emotional experiences also mark and manifest on the face and they mark and manifest in specific regions on the face and as elizabeth will tell you anybody's how many people have actually had to read their face this week right. It's extremely accurate. So when i teach this and and uh in your books there's a whole section on cold reading you guys do you guys have read your manuals no.

Check no. Of course not okay. Well there's pages i know yeah those are the bullet points i've been listening to you again all right. So um in your section on cold reading that that whole section on cold reading predates my understanding of face reading and it's awesome because with cold reading skills you can walk up to somebody and they'll swear you're psychic you can make inferences based on the way the clothing they're wearing the the way they're knotting or giving you unconscious movements that have a high degree of accuracy and what's and the reason we want to focus on cold reading and applications that are similar to that is because anytime you demonstrate internal knowledge of somebody that you couldn't possibly have or they couldn't because they know they didn't tell you you gain more authority in their world the more authority you gain in a person's world the more compliant and suggestible they become.

So at the end of the day the more you can tell somebody about themselves the more fascinated they're going to become the more open to suggestion they are when you add face reading chinese face reading into the mix your readings are no. Longer cold you now have an accurate personality and temperament profiling methodology and if you understand the deeper aspects of it you can tell you know exactly what year they had major traumas when what years they're going to have major traumas you know how their primary decision making style you know the order and sequence to present the information in the way that's most conducive to them doing what you want you know if they're more if they're more true in their public life or more true in their private life okay. All these things you can know from across the room yes. Do you know if there's any ai applications now that utilize that technology um there are certain big number uh companies out there that are using uh artificial intelligences to scan for facial comp facial patterns that lead that imply certain personality traits a big one in china recently discovered uh a three a three a three variable configuration on the face that uh indicates a high probability of criminal activity or tendency to criminal behavior uh another one recently uh i was another one that was found that there's a high correlation with the markings on your forehead to heart disease another one is finding grandiose narcissists by the shape and the thickness of the eyebrow.

So these are all independent studies independent of each other that are finding that the face is showing us a whole bunch of stuff we didn't we never even realized was possible and yet part of us is is actually part of our unconscious mind is actually monitoring those those areas and that's where we get feelings about people as well it's because those characteristics have a market have a meaning to the neurology that's archetypal within us and we respond to it okay. So when you start looking at people and those who are going into the therapy track this is also going to be extremely important when you start to look. At these markings you can start to tell people about themselves and they will become absolutely fascinated with you they will be they will become oriented on you and many times you will trigger emotional releases in them depending on your application. So [Music].

First thing we want to do when we look. At the face is we want to divide the face longitudinally okay. The right. Side of the face is your public face left side of the face is your private face when we look.

At people most of us tend to be right. Eye dominant. So we tend to look. At people's right.

Sides of their faces through our right. Eye okay. How many people have have that app facing how many people came to face reading was it only you that did you had it yeah the one that's not glitchy is called face symmetry all right. If you can go to your we'll take a break in a minute go to your go to yourself uh cell phones and find the the app face symmetry it'll allow you to take a picture of yourself and actually superimpose both your left sides of your face together both of your right.

Sides of your face together and what you're going to see is two completely different individuals okay. What the chinese discovered was that the right. Side of your face is the face you show the world is it this one facial symmetry um. So i got the pink one why don't we take a ten minute break and i'll do that and.

Then i'll come back and go into some of this yeah yeah i'm sure they all work for dudes and ones for girls. But it's got 2.3 face symmetry makers when you have yeah the the giant one what oh i haven't i don't know i don't think i have it oh yeah sorry yeah yeah they they um let's do it why is it dark in here look. At me contrast i'm gonna close some of these off. So these lights take over and i don't feel like weirded out that's why i opened it up why you did what that's why i had them all [Music] oh that's better okay.

This is two left sides go ahead face go take your faces let me find my face reading notes i just happen to have this on my website my my [Music] desktop well there are a bunch of them um which side is this one i'm downloading right. Now even though it has [Music] doesn't need to be great it just needs to work that's [Music] why i went for that that's why i use facing. So when we look. At health on the face that's what you get [Music] right.

Now i don't teach this this way although i could um because chinese organized things by five elements which are archetypes of things and most of us don't have a background in chinese medicine. So those those archetypes are rather meaningless. So we're gonna we're gonna use a very different facial profiling approach that i think is much more friendly to the eastern or the western mind. But if you want if you wanted to understand how to look.

At somebody understand and engage their overall health this is how you could look. At somebody the areas from the cheek the bridge of the nose here are lung related reproductive organs and are at the philtrum intestines are around and on the lips kidney and bladders in the chin jawbone liver kidneys are in the ear below the eyes. Spleen is in the in the space of the eyelids here spleen and pancreas this is a place of you're going to see a lot of markings happening okay. Now each of those is going to have a range of emotions associated with it as well.

So when i see a marking there i'm going to know one of two things right. Away they either got a physical health problem or an emotional health problem there's no. There's no. Grave there's more gray area than that it's either at the psycho-emotional level or the physical level david how do you differentiate between a wrinkle and a mark because sprinkles are just everybody has wrinkles everybody has wrinkles.

But they run different ways. So many times when you see a [Music] when you see an emotion line it's going to be vert it's going to be diagonal if you go back to the emotional map see how the vast majority of these things run in diagonals other lines you'll see are horizontal lines that cut directly across these are usually trauma lines you can these are usually trauma lines trauma lines usually just cut when you look. At somebody's ear and you start to look. At you'll see like there's almost like little little divots taken out of the ear those are trauma markers and they manifest from the inside out not the outside in.

So he didn't get hit in the ear no. Something happened and his his face marked at that chronological correspondence in his life women's lifelines begin on the right. Side to about seven or eight and pick up on the opposite side to about 13. Then they start here travel right.

Down. So you got the 20s to 15 to 20 here 30 40 50 60. So when you see markings along these lines you can guess if they're past that age something happened if they're not there yet something's waiting for them one more time which part women always begin on the right. So remember that women are always right.

And what's left is men [Laughter] through 15 1-7 and. Then eight through i believe it's 13 or 14. here and. Then it jumps right. To the center of the head and.

Then it comes and. Then it actually that one line comes this way and. Then it kind of zigzags across i don't even worry about that although a lot of more hardcore face readers do i just you know this is my my 15 to my 20 30 40 50 60 70 and 120 is around here okay. So that's what i pay attention to.

So if i see a line that goes across here i know what happened in their mid-20s all right. And again we can read all kinds of lines right. Now we're not going to worry about that because we'll get lost in the sauce yes. Brian yes.

Sorry microphone where's or whatever caused the line to form changes can the line go away yes. You're gonna see faces you're gonna read faces today and if you unpack the trauma markings that face is gonna change in minutes wrinkles will go away that quickly that quickly i didn't believe it i i called to the highest degree when lily. First started telling me this and. Then i went to face reading class and.

Then at the end of uh the end of the the. Last day of the training she brings these people in off the street and they take before and after pictures same lighting same wall same facial express as close as you can get for some reason after face reading they can never stop smiling. But. But and you would do the reading and.

Then you take the after picture and after everybody went home she put the pictures up on the screen at different paces eyebrows get higher bushier cheekbones flesh out jaw bones it's crazy yeah yeah um i'm actually doing an emotional intelligence training down in vegas and it's four days like this. But they do a whole bunch of experiential things where you release where you release trauma and stuff like that and literally it's. So freaky the people are totally different after four days and the lady even says you know the facelifts are free. So it 100 when you get rid of that stuff you can't not see the difference in them it's crazy yeah i mean if you come to face reading in in vegas or you can sneak into face reading in december you're going to get the the full spectrum approach this is what when i.

First started going through the entire face reading curriculum this was the one of the. First things that was immediately useful and you're going to find that this is the one that fascinates people most. So we just start with this. So if we look.

At the claw and again once you guys have downloaded your apps and stuff like that we'll we'll look. At the other aspects of the face how to bisect the face right. To left three sections three horizontal zones of the face those are all things we can come back to and circle back to. But this is the one we want to play with.

First we want to prove this to ourselves. First and foremost. So starting from the clock face one o'clock a line tracing the outer corner you've got you got it in spades right. Here see this big i was dead your uh anya has it worse yes.

That means you have you're an eight least skeptical said you don't believe without proof you say i do or do not you don't i don't you're right. Don't believe without proof okay. Um let me see here's to me sideways ross see the lines here there's his auditory intuition [Music] tj's got like three sets of gills right. Here when you see lines i i kind of skipped the order when you see lines right.

Here this is a sign of what we call auditory intuition this is somebody who's really really good at hearing what's not being said hearing between the lines they've got really good detectors it's usually the result of a challenging childhood growing up in an environment where you had to really be careful what you said you had to be able to read between the lines gauge people's moods by what how they were talking physiologically when people have this there's also a tendency towards dehydration. So you want to make sure you're well hydrated okay. But it's this is one of those markings that starts off as a result of some kind of traumatic lifestyle or environment growing up and. Then becomes a much much a very powerful tool.

Later on okay. I've got them like they go through all through my head. So um. But it makes for a good therapist.

So if you see those bleed with this oh you don't you're one of those people that you just gotta have proof for everything don't you. Anyway yeah how'd you know the proof is on your face one more conversation this morning the eyes. The eye has carries pro you know they say the eyes. Are the windows of the soul and the eyes.

Of all the facial characteristics carries. So much information we spent an entire class practically on eyes. The exclusion of of you know we did the we did the the hemispheres we did the three zones we did the emotional map. Then we got to the eyes.

And we spent like a day and a half just on eyes. And all the different things you can read from the eyes. It's really really powerful okay. Um.

So starting at the outer canthus lines that start at the outer canthus or the corner of the eye and they travel upward these are joy lines okay. So if somebody's been experiencing a lot of joy you'll see very even when they're not smiling you'll see lines here if the lines travel you go to the other side of the face this is just and this is by these are not locked they're not only on this side okay. So don't don't let the mat fool you you can have joy lines here too right. Any of the lines on this side of the face you can have on this side of the face when the lines travel up past the eyebrow this is no.

Longer joy it's mania. So these are that's important these are people who are up at three o'clock in the morning texting right. So um this is what what the chinese would consider pathological joy which is analogous to extreme excitement. But when people have those mania lines they're going to go there there's a high probability of being manic bipolar okay.

And it's gonna flip on and all those things come out okay. They mark pretty significantly when the line starts at the outer campus and travels downward short a short way down we have sadness and it marks pretty significantly some of you have some stuff to work on when the line grows further down the cheek we have sorrow which is a greater degree much more uh pervasive right. The cbt people call it characterological and if it goes even further now we're into grief okay. Now you'll notice that [Music] sadness sorrow grief and this line here from the inner campus lost loves they all pass through what area the lungs this is why when you're treating people with uh oc um copd asthma um allergies many times when you unpack it sadness goes to the lungs okay.

There's correspondence there you start to unpack grief and sadness and trauma bereavement it's almost always going to be coughing or sobbing or that's a that's a grief breath okay. And even if they're not actually crying as they're processing it out you'll hear that breathing pattern okay. So lost loves does not necessarily pertain to romantic love lost love pertains to something that was such an important part of your life an activity person an object it was such an important part of your life that losing that part was like losing a piece of yourself and that when when we go through those experiences the lines appear here from the inner campus and descend down okay. Yes.

Are you able to tell when it started no. I um sometimes it's sometimes you can some depending on how deep and how much further back it is you can tell if it's older grief or more recent. But you really can't tell what age it started at when we go through golden path we'll start to unpack those things right. Because you can see when people are when people are are on their path they're doing activities that are are fundamental to who they are as a human being they're more in their bodies and.

So the the light in their eyes. And underneath their skin will be much brighter we call that having more shen that means spirit and it's related to the heart okay. When we're in when we look. Doing activities that we don't enjoy that are painful or uncomfortable in some way the spirit wants to leave the body.

So you'll always see you ever notice people with with who've been through dissociative identity or extreme trauma their eyes. Are flat their affect is flat they're not in their bodies and the less the more you're out of your body the faster the body breaks down because the the spirit our shen is the negative entropic faculty in other words it causes the body to become more organized it causes the body to become healthier because of the body to evolve and. So we want as much of that in us that non-local part of us we want as much of that in us and residing in this physical vessel as we can because it gets healthier and it lives longer and that's why getting on your golden path from a metaphysical transpersonal perspective is. So important for your health you will literally get younger you will live longer you things will flow better and it doesn't matter when you get on it in fact the people who get on it.

Later move through it faster like i thought that you know william had a client she was a stay-at-home mom got married had a child that had some i guess she was autistic or something like that and she became like the tiger mom advocate for autism and spent like 20 30 years making sure this child got taken care of and by the time the child was out on her own she was doing great most of her life she thought was over and they asked her if she'd like to run for uh like a local city seat or something and she'd always thought about wanting to study politics she said well i'll give it as she won six years. Later she's a senator in her 40s and 50s right. She got late she went through faster. So when wherever you start is okay.

You're going to catch up yeah can you show the [Music] i recommend you get lillian's book. Face reading in chinese medicine by lillian bridges face reading and chinese medicine by lillian bridges here [Music] it's on the reading list it's on the reading list it's also available as a download just because it's on that list doesn't mean i'm going to read it what's that i said this goes on the list doesn't ever read all whenever [Music] she told me not to tell you told me i was her favorite page reader this magic moment what were you saying about uh bringing the spirit in bringing more of the spirit into the body that means pursuing pleasure things that make your heart sing. So to speak which sometimes means going against everything you were taught and going against the people around you who say you shouldn't want that ask anybody who's ever dated a guy with the right. Car the right.

Job and was miserable right. Or vice versa there's things that are right. And there are things that are right. For you and sometimes the hardest decision we have to make is doing what's right.

For us. But that's what it's about and the thing to remember about golden pathwork is that no. Life experience you've had is wasted i'm using things today that i learned in bow tech school before i decided i i actually went to vocational technical school and. Then quit vocational technical school to go to get on a college track and.

Then i didn't go to college until i was 33 years old and i'm still using stuff today i learned invo tech school nothing from your life is wasted on your golden path every life experience every tragedy every trauma every triumph every inconsequential skill that you picked up it matters. So you know golden path is something that's worth exploring and and really understanding it whether you embrace the dallas approach or not we all you all at some point ask yourself or ask somebody else or somebody's asked you what am i here for i know i'm here to do something important. But i'm not sure what that is that's what golden path is it's not a job it's not a career it's a lifestyle with a purpose okay. So keep that in mind maybe a ton of jobs that fit your golden path just systematically figure out which ones are the best fit right.

I thought when i was a kid i was going to be an actor and i'm really good i mean i went to governor's professional pennsylvania governor's school for the performing arts i did professional theater in pennsylvania for a couple of years did a couple of extra couple extra works i was in a game trailer and here i am look. What i do you're an actor right. I didn't see it yeah yeah i never saw this coming i was. But when i when i saw people up on stage and making a difference that that got me going.

But how did i never connected that with acting skills nothing's wasted right. And how does seduction how does that how the seduction skills matter when it comes to acting or or or saying guess what it's all influence nothing's wasted. So i'm just putting that out there whether you want to come to golden path in dallas or not you're all here because that's the internal impetus is driving you that's why you have that coolness feeling this is i don't care why it's i don't care if it's just or not it's just cool right. That's the point right.

All right. So um is this useful or oh yeah yeah okay. Uh and this is again once you once you open this box you can't go back i'm just telling you right. Now once once you once you you take the red pill no.

Every morning you're going to look. At him like oh i need more joy right. Time to spin. But the flip side of that is anytime you want you become the most fascinating person in the room you already had that with echo technique you tell people you're a face reader they line up right.

You have no. Line right. On your face like oh i have lots of lines on my face what's that i have lots of lines. But like.

But those sadness one right. Does that mean you've not experienced any traumatic sadness in your life do i judge it by that it means either i was. So dissociated i didn't mark uh i processed all my sadness and the lines went away or i haven't had any sad experiences which i could tell you was. But we mark.

But not always as severely as some other people everybody's trauma or or intensity of emotional experience is unique to them you know you know seth may may you know have a pet hamster that died when he was 12 and he has this lost love line for 30 years i may have had a pet hamster that died when i was 12 and i was glad cause i hated the little it's the same gerbil right. Or or i'm i think that's no. Big deal i just get another one right. We can't gauge other people's emotional experience that's why as a therapist you're compassionate.

But you're never you never you know you don't go to extremes in in showing a month because some of your clients have a vested interest in trying to freak out the therapist they want to prove that their stuff is. So bad that it's going to overwhelm the person in the chair. So and and never compare people's traumas can't we gray room on our own you can yeah that was one of the most frustrating things for me when i was getting my face reading training it's all diagnostic that means talking about your problems for five solid days and not doing anything to fix them yeah and if you know me how long did you. Last uh i think i lasted a day and a half before i started grabbing people and trying to start trying to fix them they didn't know who i was like get away from me you freak by the end of the week can you fix my even lillian actually uh asked me to help her a couple of times [Music] just because you know this doesn't mean you just just because you can read this stuff doesn't necessarily guarantee that you can fix it now the cool thing about face reading if the chin if chinese medicine had a psychology system branch it would be face reading i call it by chinese vibrational psychotherapy because when you start to unpack the markings on people's faces and they start to process it out and talk about it and reframe it those numbers go away it's much it's just slower than our approaches do you use it uh when you're doing the therapy work to go here oh i look.

At people and i know they don't even know i know right. I know things about your genitalia you have no. Clue i would even i'm sure if you the scary part is ladies and gentlemen the. Last five days i've seen you all naked all right.

So one of the things that chinese face reading was used for was actually business applications legal applications and matchmaking determining sexual and romantic compatibility. So there's a lot that goes into this right. The cia wanted to hire lillian to train their their operatives uh and and i think also one of the canadian intelligence agency also was trying to recruit her for it as well she didn't know that she wanted to do it because she was afraid the system would be misused [Music] um see lillian's father was xcia oh. So she knew yeah yeah um and uh and i told lily and i said look.

If they want this technology they're going to get it. But if you're involved at least you can somewhat control how it's how it's applied or how it's taught right. And. So i don't know if she ever went forward i i'm i'm pretty sure she did not.

But i think uh based on what i've learned and i'm still a baby at this as much as i i can riff and i'm still a baby at this and i'm gonna get better because i'm that way. But. But we don't need to be super experts to uh to get really useful information really really quickly. So let's go back to our emotions on the face oops that's not the emotions i wanna find all right.

So skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief lost love notice they all bisect that lung area. So many times when you say would you see someone with a lot of asthma [Music] copd or something along those lines chances are they're repressing a lot of grief yes. Those lines there i can confirm that talk to us brother yeah i was just confirming what she said i had an ex-girlfriend and she has asthma and stuff and he has those lines prominent yeah yeah you'll see it a lot that doesn't mean it's a hundred percent on everybody. But you'll start to see generalities come up and that's what we go with when you're doing it when you're learning influence technologies you have to learn you have to use a very specific what nlp calls meta program to do influence technologies easiest and fastest and most consistent you have to use the sameness with difference meta program which means you have to look.

At everything that's the same and. Then sort for what's different because if you start with differences only you can't discern patterns you're like you're having to reinvent the wheel every single time practical is that um okay. Horace tell me about those things candy well yeah how do they relate to each other they don't they don't yeah okay. So it's all different isn't it right.

Right. Leah tell me about these things uh well the markers relate to each other and the candies relate to each other. So same in the sameness and a bull not edible right. Same to say this difference.

So you have basically four combinations of priority that we give to sorting for information you can sort for everything that's the same you can sort for everything that's different you can sort for everything the same and. Then some difference or something everything that's different and some and. Then look. For what's saying same each and every one of you has falls into one of those categories.

But some of you because your categories maybe you start with difference you look. At everything that's different. First if i start telling you this is the same as that and that's you guys say no. It's not you're gonna start arguing because you're look.

You're not organized to think that way most of the people in the scientific community sort that way x is different from y y is different from z z is done from one from two from three which is great in a scientific environment. However if we want to systematize and develop a process by which we can apply the broadest strokes the quickest we have to look. At what's the same amongst all human beings. First.

So we can get that out of the way and. Then look. At what's different does that make sense we have to find the patterns and. Then the distinctions for the outliers from the pattern.

So that's my that's my my meta program yours may differ. But this is what i find makes learning this material easier okay. [Music] i'll take my markers you can have the kitkats okay. So going down to um yes.

Sir that's the microphone please [Music] one of the things that i'm wondering about is like with the asthma and stuff. So if you were like if you let's say you take a child that was born with asthma uh-huh is that past life could be generational trauma. But there's a strong strong body of evidence that's accumulating now that trauma is passed down trauma's inherited the book. You want to reference for that besides epigenetics work by bruce lipton is uh it didn't start with you we handle generational trauma the same way we handle any trauma regress the cause regress the cause all right.

That we had uh colby actually was doing grey room and he wound up triggering a past life memory that i had to help him fix right. That could come up about one percent of all my clients when we were you know we're 15 will spontaneously regress to a past life and i've seen i've seen proof in my clinic of genetically passed on memories uh and not even in the same bloodline i've had i've had donor recipients take on the memories and behavior patterns of the donor organs that i've had to go in and do parts therapy on or or get some kind of resolution crazy yeah do you have to discover the origins in order to unpack it sometimes you do sometimes you don't most of the time we can nuke just about anything by pointing to where we feel it. But every now and. Then there may be a more multiple set of memories.

But if you don't have memories before like you know four and younger or five there's always a memory you just can't access it right. Consciously by definition if you have a feeling you have everything you need if you don't have a feeling you don't have a problem right. So if there's a body feeling you have enough you have an entry point into that holographic container with all the data and. Therefore you can change it you don't need to consciously know what it is although many times you will many times what happens is and some of you may have had this experience where you don't you have this bad feeling you want to get rid of you have to clue what it is you start to spin and all of a sudden you have this this revelation that comes out of nowhere right.

It's hidden behind the emotion emotion obfuscates data it distorts it okay. Like steam and as you clear the steam the data that was hidden behind the emotion becomes available and the system can now reprocess the experience in a better way your system is amazingly resilient if you just get the blockages out of the way it can it can fix itself okay. Uh charlton has a question is this useful yeah yeah um are you dealing with sorting and talking about statement difference uh can you relate that for someone who's like an optimist or a pessimist they're two different meta programs optimists are always looking at the positive side of things which by definition is difference [Music] right. You have a choice at any given moment you can look.

At the you know all the positive things or you could look. At all the negative things we're choosing to look. At the positive which is sorting for difference it's contrast. But it's not the same meta program when we talk about and by the way there's a section in your manuals on meta programs um and we can we can talk about them and we can play with them a little bit.

But by and large if you're using the echo technique you're already in their meta programs all right. Um theoretically yes. I have not seen it done well. But bannon will say you can change a better program the difference between our regular programs like criterion values and meta programs is they're largely content and context free which means the way the way you sort your change or the way you sort uh or choose clothing is the same way you'll choose a house i'm just i'm thinking.

So you know somebody who is always in the microphone please i'm thinking of somebody who's always uh like saying negative looking at the glass well the glass is half empty can you can you reprogram it and to be half i think you can i think it takes training though you know and i think the further back you go the easier that training is going to be. So basically if you've noticed a past life or go go to preconception i've seen very few things that can't be changed given the right. Technique and the right. Amount of intensity and the right.

Motivation it's just not likely okay. Now there are certain facial characteristics that will tell us if somebody's going to be more optimistic or not and if we can somehow change that negativism to optimism the face will change for example um come up here elizabeth i don't know i don't know i haven't looked at your eyes. Yet. So uh you actually did.

But i'd like to see if they changed okay. So if you look. At um i don't know if you can see this. But look.

Straight ahead. So what you do is you put a line across the pupil and if the outer edge of the eyelid is above the pupil she has upturned eyes. These people tend to be more optimistic more outgoing if they're down turned eyes. So if you see that the if you see that the uh the outer campus drops below these people have downturned eyes.

These people be more negativistic they think more they tend to be more um kind of the sad good samaritans it's like these people are kind of they kind of have a negative view of the world the world is a tough place and. So they expect more. But they're also soft-hearted they have a lot of compassion and. So they're often taken in by a sob story you combine that with uh there's a little divot at the end of some people's noses if you feel your nose there's a little indentation in there she doesn't have it uh if you feel that little indentation that's what we call follow a human angel marking these are people who tend to have a very big heart who like to help people.

But they're always a little sad for a couple reasons. First of all there's a there's a higher part of them that knows that they come from someplace better than this and this ain't it right. Yeah and they see the suffering in people and they want to help i call you a special kind of stupid right. You're the people who want to go to identity by design to fix other people's instead of your own um there's also physiologically when you when you have that marking there there's a tendency towards anemia it's a little bit blood deficient as we talk about in chinese medicine okay.

So you can look. When you when you start to to read people's faces you can measure acro keep the people the people has to be straight. So you have to come straight across the people if the outer campus comes up they have upturned eyes. If the outer campus dips down they have downturned eyes.

And the people who have the upturned eyes. Tend to be the optimists they're the ones that the world is good everything look. At the bright. Side of things people who are regular they're just kind of average out of the middle people have that downturned eye good to have more negative view of the world uh they know bad happens that happens to people and when people have a give them a bad enough story they'll usually do try to do something to help how about different colored eyes.

Different colored eyes. Um there's not a lot to look. At in terms of behavior for different for different colors i can look. It up and see if there's anything interesting there.

But we don't do a lot with color except shen color which is a skill i haven't mastered yet yeah in reference to the colored eyes. What about if there are like freckles inside there fraxels are usually indications of the extra fire element. So these people tend to be a little bit more energetic maybe a little bit more chaotic creative um that's fire right. You can always tell a fire person when they get home from work because there's a a line of clothing from the front door to their bedroom because they're taking them off and throwing them everywhere as they're getting home from work right.

You cannot see thank you elizabeth okay. You can give her applause she showed her eyes. To you. So um moving down down this line.

So we have skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief lost love now when you when you see these lines on people don't use the label in other words don't say oh you're sad no. You compliment them on the trade you say look. You've got some beautiful markings on your face this line indicates that maybe some time in your life you went through some really sad times or maybe a bunch of sad times right. Or you know i make a joke oh this line tells me you don't believe without evidence you know you got to be funny about it don't say you're a skeptic people don't like the labels.

So describe behaviors and and how it manifests and people will will buy into it faster and this would be true whether you're using handwriting analysis or cold reading right. We'll talk about cold reading statements or barnum statements um. Later. But right.

Now i've gone to face reading because now my face readings aren't cold my reading people isn't cold anymore now it's actual accurate assessments of who they are and the life they've led which is to me even more powerful because now i know what to say and how to say it right. So. But you can mix and match and you'll start to get insights about people very very quickly humor lines humor lines are usually manifested by a little line down the center of the lower lip now if they have a really big lower lip this is a hedonistic trait people who have very big lower lips are very pleasure seeking they like their physical pleasure it's a aspect of the earth element okay. Um we went into we went quite deeply into lips at the training people were very paranoid after that [Music] it's very confronting.

So if you see that you know they've got a pretty good sense of humor or at least they can take a joke if you see a really short philtrum this isn't the map for this. But if you see a really short filter here the space between the base of the nose and the upper lip if it's really short they can't take a joke these people are very very sensitive to criticism the space between the nose and the lip yeah if they have a very short philtrum these people they may not show it. But they do not handle perceived criticism well all right. Be very careful with that yeah we're going back to the eyes.

Microphone please going back to the eye going back to the eyes. I know a lot of people have one eyes. Bigger yep and if it's on the right. Side that they're more open to the world on their public side if it's if the right.

Eye is bigger on the left their heart is more open in their private life. So they're more willing and open to share to let things in the size of the eye indicates how open you are to receiving or giving information a big eye a round eye indicates very large openness a lot of imagination a lot of willingness to take information in and share information okay. The smaller the eye the more close the eye the more filters are in place the more selective they are okay. So someone who has a very who may have a big eye.

But holds it very closed is evaluating everything you say and they're not going to let things out okay. So when you see somebody who has a big eye on the right. Side which is their public face it shows you that they have more openness to the public on the superficial side of things than they do in their private life if it's flipped you can read the equation if they're balanced. Then they're balanced.

But you can start to ascertain are people who they say they are does the right. Side match the left side and more often than not they don't they don't and you can get a pretty accurate picture of how these people are when the doors are closed and the lights are off and nobody's looking right. That's why when i looked at bill cosby's face i went oh okay. Don't believe me go look.

You see right. When when they look. Like when you say right. Left right.

True right. Which is their right. Side right. Sides.

But even bill cosby face if you look. At younger pictures and older pictures are very different oh yeah oh yeah you look. At pictures of me when i was when i was in my 20s and 30s it's not i'm not the same guy most people can't look. At those pictures and recognize me i look.

That different okay. Um half my family can't recognize right. So um eyes. Again we could spend like i said two and a half days easily just on eyes.

So um and we will in vegas actually yeah vegas we'll be doing eyes. And uh mouth uh december we'll be doing ears cheeks and probably chins. So when you're working with the eyes. Is that like iridology or no.

Iridology is a derivative of this um you can treat the entire eye you can try your body through the eye just like you could treat the entire body through the ear and chinese medicine. So different and everything about the human body is fractal and holographic. So there's a there's an acupuncture system called image where i can treat the entire body on the forearm or on the leg or on the ear or on the tongue or on the genitalia or on the eyeball i don't know who you're going to get to let you needle people in the eyeball. But.

But that's how iridology aridology is the diagnostic aspect of that because different body locations in the eye that correspond to the organs will discolor or what have you same thing with the aquatic here i can look. At your ear where the white spots are where the red spots are i know where there's frozen energy where there's inflammation stagnation and all those other things i can i can fix your body through your ear we're all holographic fractal beings we're light in essence mostly empty space between and the moment those refracting filters or lenses within us change how we look. Changes and emotions are one of those refractory phenomena okay. I i envision the human nervous system like a big prism nlp gives us the same analogy generalized experience comes in it's refracted into five channels we know this visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gussetory and.

Then those five bands of energy are reconstructed and put back together to create this. But it's a highly refracted distorted image it's not true it's just a representation just like your face isn't true it's just a representation and that's what's inside changes what's outside changes okay. One of the ones i want you to pay a lot of attention to let's go to the center of the face right. Here you guys see this this area right.

Around right. In right. In between the eyes. And right.

At the bridge of the nose for those of you who do a lot of trauma work with uh domestic abuse or child abuse a lot of times what you'll see are these lines that run from the side of the nose downward outward like. So these are lillian calls these disempowerment lines and i don't like that word because i don't think it's quite accurate certainly there's an element of disempowerment to it. But the way the beat that it was explained to me was at some point in this person's life somebody violated their boundaries and they resisted they pushed back and the pushback from their their standing up for themselves was. So strong that they wanted they started to do anything they could to appease the other person.

So i call them appeasement lines. So they started capitulating to doing whatever the other person wanted because they didn't want to upset them because for whatever reason and. So when you see a lot of a lot of that kind of appeasing behavior you're going to see lines and i've seen people come in like somebody took. A razor knife and just dug furrows into their freaking face and many times you'll see this when people smile or whatever you'll see them pop up if you see them and the person's not smiling you've got some serious appeasement stuff going on here these are people who probably can be manipulated very very easily because they're they're conditioned for appeasement that makes sense right.

If you if you're uh if you come to counter manipulation out in uh in july we're going to talk about how predators test social boundaries in in safe situations to see who's most likely to accept um being pushed around very simple things that they'll do um like having a person pick a restaurant and. Then showing up late and seeing how they respond to it innocuous things you wouldn't think a predator would do to size up you know your your boundary states right. But that's that's kind of how they do it they they know how to profile extremely well and if you don't know how to profile the profilers you're in trouble remember i told you if i know you better than you know me i can influence you if i know you better than you know yourself i can control you this is the eye this is the other side of influence and this is something not in a negative way um in your manuals as you as you're reading your manuals you're going to see a section in your book. Called i3 and the i3 model i3 model has three components.

First the. First i is identity who you are what are your values what are your beliefs what are your strengths what are your attributes what are the things that make you more persuasive and more charismatic what are the things that hold you back from being more persuasive are you tall if you're tall taller people get more status and authority and attraction generated in people than people who are shorter are you overweight or are you average or are you skinny fat people are never viewed positively even in this generation that people are always viewed as more lazy less creative less intelligent less everything okay. If you're attractive you're going to get the benefit of the doubt in everything attractive people get less jail time all right. There's one guy he was going to jail and they let him out because he got a modeling contract because what you got him yeah because he's.

So good looking oh juries always assume the more attractive person is innocent unless it's a sex crime where they use their attraction their attraction as a. Then it tends to flip the script sends to flip. But that's the only time they get less jail time they get raises faster and better. So the ugly truth is attractive people get more stuff.

So if you're not doing things to actively enhance your ability to modulate and manage your skills of attraction you're at a disadvantage now there's more to attraction than just physical appearance. But it's big it's a big component okay. But that's all in the identity model who are you what are your attributes what's the message you're sending out do you ask people asked about a luminescence these are you have two types of qualities or attributes that you can work with you can have passive attractors and negative and active attractors passive attractors are things that you just are you don't have to do anything for them to be active right. Things like a natural deep resonant voice very attractive very authoritative women in in studies consistently select men with deep resonant voices for one night stance okay.

So if you've got that very wet voice going you're gonna lead like a rock star right. Um you know. Then we get to i2 i2 is all about intelligence and when i talk about talent i'm not talking about smart i'm talking about information how much information can we acquire about the target their goals their objectives and how can we use that to create a profile and a strategy to get our outcome that's i2 that's where you're at now when we talk about stuff like this and. Then.

Finally i3 which is the one everybody comes for and we tend to gloss over this and that's influence the tools of influence which you spent the. Last four days refining best army in the world is impotent and doesn't know where to drop the bombs without intelligence your influence is impotent and those three eyes. Are for what identity intelligence influence no. But like.

But for what exactly like what what's the concept behind those the idea is there's three components to your ability to influence hey who you are your strengths your attributes your ethics your morals your liabilities who are you what do you have and it takes an inventory of that to know where you need to bolster okay. And. Then there's the ability to gather intelligence information about your subject your objective whatever it is okay. And.

Then. Finally the tools of influence and you can learn all the tools of influence and they have if you just kitchen sink people they have a high probability of working. But that's a lot of work the more intelligence you gather the less tools you need understand there's no. Such in this case there's really no.

Such thing as too much information right. But it starts with craig you know and i taught you influence gathering techniques with criterion values with the with the three magic questions right. That's what those are they're intelligence gathering tools and. Then they're doing double duty they're giving you a connection rapport while at the same time giving you access to information information that you're going to leverage using what your influence techniques right.

See all fifths everything that state control is identity who are you who do you need to be how do you become that person right. What do i know about my target how do i use it does that make sense. So it's our identity not there exactly who they are comes into the under the intelligence yeah i too okay. So when you see those lines be very very delicate with how you bring those up um more often than not i don't bring them up.

But it lets me know going into the session where i'm probably gonna wind up i'm probably gonna wind up in some zero to five uh either some kind of abuse or perceived abuse remember what his five-year-old how a five-year-old perceives the situation is dr drastically different from the way the 35 year old perceives the same situation in retrospect and it's always the five-year-old's perspective that we have to fix or change or modify okay. Some good lines to have starting at the alanis eye the outer labial here nisolabial group down through here to about the the edge of the mouth these are called purpose lines these are lines you want to have and the deeper they are the more on track your life is when you look. At people's faces you'll get the right. Side limits right.

Lemon slide you'll often notice that one side has deeper lines than the other this this tends to give you an indication of which part of life is more in alignment with who they are and what they want to be their purpose for being here if it's on the if it's on the left side their personal life is more on track than their public life if it's their public life. Then they have maybe they may be a rock star on stage and have a life at home or it's just not satisfying it doesn't mean it's really bad it's just not it's not right. For them right. So these are good lines to have okay.

Chinese when chinese cds they like it they think it's a good thing right. When you look. At people's chins especially if they're not making an expression and you see little dimples or indentations this is someone who's uh repressed and holding on to a lot of fear okay. You'll see this a lot when people are afraid you'll see that area dimple automatically if there's a lot there when they're not making those faces they've got a lot to get rid of okay.

So fear humors here grief sadness sorrow joy skepticism i call it appeasement you can call it disempowerment if you want to okay. Last thing we're going to look. At really really quick are these lines here if you see lines under the lips these are these are bitterness lines bitterness lines these are people who've gone beyond resentment and now they're just fed up they're just people right. They're in and this usually arises in situations that their needs have they're consistently meeting other people's needs their needs are never being met and there's no.

Sign of it ever changing and that they just become bitter for lack of a better word you understand it it's more of a smoldering ongoing resentment right. And these are the people that tend to develop cancers [Music] because a lot of times when you find yourself in a situation that has no. Sign of changing there's no. Other way out the body will generate a way out for you.

So a lot of cancers arise out of bitterness now it doesn't mean if you have bitterness lines you're going to get cancer. But there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient right. Right.

And it's almost always anger resentment bitterness which if you notice where those areas are they're in the colon and the gut area. So you get a lot of colon cancers a lot of irritable bowel ibs crohn's disease all have a very strong emotional base okay. So bitterness fear humor grief sorrow sadness joy skepticism i want you to break up into groups of three take turns talking about and reading each other's faces now let me give you a few pointers when you're doing a face reading be compassionate oh look. You're fearful it's not what it's about right.

Remember that one of the challenges now we're mitigating this process a little bit because we're taking more of a tactical approach to face reading as opposed to the healer's approach to face reading. But when you become a face reader and face readers for those who are curious make around 500 a session 500 to 700 it's not a bad living right. Um when you go through the process of reading their face from a counselor's perspective the way it's i was taught it there's a vibrational interaction that takes place that causes people to emote and to process the pent-up emotions marked in the face and as long as they talk about it and continue to express it they'll reach a point where they they change their perspective on the experience either through direct reframing or they come up to their own reframe and those markings will start to go away it's a cycle it you have to hold that space it's a very it's it's a it's more of a confidant kind of an energy that we take as a face reader here we're taking a very tactical approach. But many of you have stuff that you're going to be talking about.

So if stuff comes up find a way to process it reframe it magic frame it point to where you feel it spin it whatever. But be okay. With being in that process because you may trigger it's especially true for people who come through the face reading with that application it becomes a faculty like i think i hold the world's record for for every action what happened when you were five. But people will do that they will just start to spontaneously emote around you.

So unless you you're ready for that you might know you might want to hold back a little bit yes. Um microphone it's just a curiosity question because typically i have tons of energy and i feel like super drained and i don't know if it's from yesterday when he did that spin or just the amount of information or is that usually a byproduct to it can be because that feels you're processing the hell out of something because we ended yesterday with a rather cathartic module didn't we some of you had some major shifts right. Right. And that's the point yeah just relax drink lots of water it'll be fine right.

But yeah um you know our interventions are short. But yeah they're nuclear right. It's kind of fun. But you're not ready for like my wife my poor wife.

First time she's fun i taught her how to do it and she she's like oh it's something david does and all of a sudden she has this massive massive ab reaction she's like she comes storming out of the bed you bastard why didn't you tell me that would happen i said you've seen it happen a hundred times. But i didn't think it would happen in age you have to tell people said are you better she goes yeah. Anyway. So.

So yeah now i have to give the dr don lu uh customer service warning this shit's powerful and you never know what's coming up. So just go with it it's just and again the whole point to remember is nothing wrong is happening and that's the big the big takeaway no. Matter what your body does it's right. Right.

And. So you just be with that process and let it happen. However long or some people get exhausted some people get super energized some of you have grandma orgasms followed by massive sobbing attacks followed by more grandma orgasms right. It's just how you know everybody process is different and that's okay.

Because the one thing that you don't want is that stuck in you if it's moving through you it's moving out of you which means you're clear yes. Brian microphone when i. First started using that grey room technique a few weeks ago like i got it on one of your videos online and um uh things started like bubbling up over the. Next week or.

So like little things that i would just be doing something and it occurred to me that that's why that happened or that's why i would connect very common yeah that you know and they didn't feel bad they just when i recognized that i felt better actually by getting it out of the way. So you know be aware that when you leave here you know after doing that stuff you probably might feel some of those things avoid the avoid the belief that you because the process was done that you're done because that goes on long after the process that you use to initiate it is over i had one guy who went to this massive session didn't feel anything for four days and. Then it hit him like a ton of brick just came out of nowhere everybody process is different and. However you do it is right.

Just own it and allow it to allow it to work itself out right. I tell people you have to lock yourself in a hotel room and sleep for 18 hours do it if you need to find a closet somewhere grab a stack of dishes and just smash dishes for 20 minutes just i don't want to hear any store just do it in a way that's safe and preserves your privacy it doesn't hurt other people i don't want to read any stories about you on the top of a post office with an m16 goddammit just you know be be responsible in your expressions right. But give yourself permission to express because we don't we don't give ourselves that permission and that's why we get sick and it shows up it shows up and it shows up in more places in our face. But this is what we show the world.

So all right. So i want you to grab some partners look. At some faces if stuff comes up and it may or may not i don't know you may just be having fun with it if it stuff comes up process it out help them help them work through it in some way discuss it reframe it. But you know be fully present with them and that's the important piece let's take 30 minutes for this.

So come back at 11 30. why you want more that's good and work and and read as many people and be read by as many people as you can in 30 minutes.
