Title: _6gWHv7XFec.txt
Video Id: _6gWHv7XFec
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6gWHv7XFec

All right. So moving back to stuff where did we leave off what was what were we talking about when we. Last left as. I we finished with the yin affirmations everyone just finished going through all all right.

Very cool all right. So the. Next like. I think.

I. I've covered a lot of the money stuff well there is one exercise that. I think might be fun for us. But um.

I'm going to. I'm going to walk through it we're not going to do it um. But. I want to walk through it um.

So you guys can can do this on your own time because. I think now that you've gotten um this idea of why y formations are. So powerful we can take it one more level and apply it to logical levels and use the logical levels process and now we can begin to in in in modern in in both. Eastern and.

Western practices there is this uh this concept called equilibration of the elements and what this means is um based on your understanding of emotions and their correspondences to the various. Prime principles of fire earth metal water wood you create an inventory of your positive traits and your negative traits as they pertain to each of the elements. So uh just as an example um you know if you're if we're talking about purifying the fire element within ourselves fire on it in its positive polarity in its positive. Dimension is creativity transformation light heat um in terms of emotions its joyfulness it's courage it's um uh creativity and.

So we would we would actively seek ways to amplify those traits within oursel the inverse aspect of the fire element is. Rage uh hatred um jealousy actually is is kind of. U uh and. So um the desire to destroy these are these are negative aspects of the fire element and.

So what we would do as. Alchemists is we would seek the path of transmutation where we take the negative fire. Elements which in this case we're talking about emotions and transmute them into its positive polarity that process is called is part one of what we call equil equilibration of the elements and. Then what from that point on and you would do that for each of the elements fire earth metal water wood if it's.

Chinese uh fire air earth water voer aasha if you're in the in the more the the the the. European. Traditions the. Next part of that that equilibri of the elements would be to balance the elements in relation to each other.

So ideally you would want your fire you want your fire to be balanced by your water and your and and wood and. Earth and have them all harmonious you see how it works you balance the elements within themselves and. Then you balance the elements with amongst each other that's the end goal and there's there's both uh a direct uh impact on this in terms of the substance of what you're working with as well as the subjective experience of what you're working with because as you develop and harmonize and cleanse and and evolve the elemental aspects and the elemental aspects actually involve the astral part of you and that's why we're not going to spend a lot of time on that part of it in this training it's not it's not directly germine to the work we want to do which is far more practical and when. I mean practical.

I mean things we can put into practice right. Away and start to generate an immediate result. But ultimately. Elemental work is all about purifying and stimulating the astral body.

So that it it actually when you when you actually when when you drop this physical body your spirit actually moves to the astral plane and it lives in its astral body and the vibration the the aggregate vibration of your astral body is that's where you rise to within the astral plane. So if you've developed your astral body very very highly your vibrating at a very very high level when you drop the physical body your astral body. Rises to that vibrational plane within the astral and you live there you exist there for. However long it takes your the astral body to go through its life cycle because the astral body is technically not is not.

Immortal either it's the spiritual body the mental body that is the spirit that is the immortal side of you. But the idea and and this is one of the reason when you look. At um. Buddhist iconography and you look.

At the different deities like you know um furo mayo and and. Quan. Yin and um the taras the. V various.

Tas and the. Buddhist. Traditions these are not. Gods as we understand them from what from a moral perspective they might be they're more like bodh satas.

But they're also symbolic of a certain level of. Consciousness a certain vibrational frequency range and. So by meditating on these icon these these icons with the intention of identifying with them those icons become a channel to that vibrational plane and. So as a byproduct of getting in.

Rapport and identifying with those icon those icon cons you take on those attributes and your vibration raises you see how it works sounds an awful lot like what we do to get rapport with people doesn't it it's exactly the same exactly the same right. So that level of training and that that approach and it doesn't really matter what icon iconography or symbolics you use the process the mechanics are the same whether you're doing. Greek gods or. Roman gods the judeo-christian uh mother father or father hly.

Son and. Holy. Ghost uh mother. Mary it doesn't matter the iconography are are the are the are the links between those vibrational intelligences and you.

So whether you use established iconography or you you develop your own personal symbology it works the same way okay. No. Now that. I've spent like 10 minutes talking about that we're not going to do that.

But. I wanted you to understand that those things are designed to raise the vibration of not just your physical body. But your astral and mental bodies as well okay. And because it's not directly relevant to manifesting uh it's indirectly relevant to manifesting because the more advanced and developed your astral body the faster you can manifest really cool okay.

But it's it's longterm. So we want something that's a little bit more immediate um and. So we're doing other practices. But that is there is a long-term benefit to doing these things short term what we're going to start talking about now is balancing your beliefs equilibration of your beliefs by combining.

Yin formations and logical levels and we're going to take a similar approach to uh looking at logical levels in terms of positives and negatives right. And. So. I'm.

I'm not we're not going to do it because it's going to take too long. But if this is something that you would like if you don't have enough tools yet to uncover right. This is going to give you yet another layer okay. So let me pull up my my chart really quick here.

I just need my um my logical levels chart here we go all righty it looks. So small oops. So this is this uh should be in several places in your um in your manuals uh it's also in the. Strate.

I think it's also in the. Strategic. Serendipity manual. So everybody's belief system and by the way this particular um classification of the hierarchy of beliefs is not did not originate in.

NLP although it's most commonly uh it's most commonly affiliated with. NLP it was actually developed by one of the people uh who were one of the sources for. NLP. Gregory.

Bateson he actually. I think is the one who who uh created these logical levels and. I think dils was the one who added the spirituality purpose aspect. But the way the way that this works is you you create hold on let me let me annotate when you when you want to outline beliefs or you want to uncover beliefs you want to divide this hierarchy of beliefs into positive beliefs and negative beliefs okay.

And. So and you want to use the uh the information process to unlock these now keep in mind that when when you start applying this you may dredge up beliefs that you didn't know you had that are that are buried really really deep um. But either way one set of questions or one set of informations is going to dredge up negative negative poent potential negatives another one is going to dredge up potential positives and ideally you can use one to nullify the other or when you when you elicit these you can use any of the techniques that you've learned up to this point to go in and nuke them. So you can color breed them you can spin them you can.

Magic. Frame them either one will work does that make sense yes. Or no. Yes.

Or yes. All right. So. I'm going to give you just a couple quick examples and.

Then. I'll let you go and and and you can extrapolate on it. So when. I'm creating my my negative uh belief list.

I might start. I like to start at the spiritual level and. I might ask myself um why why does. God not want me to be successful and.

I'll pay attention to the answer. I get and. I'll write that down right. Um why does my life have no.

Purpose right. These are these are questions at at the uh the higher level or at the at the identity level. But. Then.

I can flip the script on that and. I can say why does my life have purpose you know um how can. I make you know how does go how why does. God want me to be successful right.

And. So. I can elicit sets of beliefs and and again using the stem idea combined with the information process. I can start to create trees of beliefs and rationals that.

I can neutralize. I can go to the identity level and say um why am. I not successful right. Or why am.

I you know why um why am. I poor why am. I a poor person right. Or why am.

I not as successful a person as. I could be. I can flip the script and say why am. I a successful person what is it about me that uh that allows me to be.

So successful okay. I can look. At the belief values. I say what's important about not having what.

I want what's important about not having what. I want. I can flip the script and. I can say what's important about getting everything.

I want right. Uh a really cool question. I learned from my uh my colleague. James.

C2 which actually elicits some really cool information is what am. I not currently getting from the life. I have or what am. I currently not getting that elicits even more powerful motivations and things like that um and all.

I really do is you know all. I really do is. I just go down each of these belief levels and. I ask the negative side and.

Then. I ask the positive side and. I build on this and. I dissolve this using the techniques that.

I have you see how it works and. So eventually you'll start you'll start coming up with things about your en environment about the behaviors that you're engaging in about the capabilities you you believe you have or don't have and you can resolve them before they they they trip you up in the future does that make sense me just back to. Brady. Bunch mode do you guys see how that works yes.

Okay. Is this. I mean we're not going to do it like this is this is again another level to this if you want to continue to start to harmonize and balance things right. Joseph.

David yeah or yes. John or. Joseph or whoever yeah. David um.

So how do you how do you you just actually say it right. I'm going to ask the spiritual level and. Then ask the question to that is that how you elicit it uh yeah. I mean.

I. I when. I'm thinking when. I'm thinking about um you know why did the universe decide to make me this this way you know it goes to purpose or spirituality or belief systems karmic.

Destiny those kinds of things they're much higher than identity okay. But the idea again this was another download. I got the other night and. I wasn't exactly sure how to convey it or where to convey it in a way that that kind of made it as a progression.

But you guys have been through stems you've been through um uh the information process we've talked about logical levels and how they interact with things this is another way to kind of get clarity and and to provoke for lack of a better word beliefs you didn't know you had and in the process of transmuting one into the other you become more integrated and synergistic in your approaches everything becomes more un just like when we we brought up the the pictures of the things we wanted to manifest and we look. For the little icky feelings in the background and we cleaned those up and when we went and pluged those in to our timeline it went in with really a lot of smoothness and lack of resistance this is another way that we can begin to remove the resistance or the friction um from our deeper from our our various belief systems do that make sense okay. Cool like. I said we're not going to do it.

But. I got the download for a reason. So. I'm throwing it out there if and when.

I ever teach this class again. I'm sure it'll come out in a very even more refined way. But oh can. I ask quick question sure.

So let's say you had a area of your life that was stuck and. Then. So you would use this framework maybe starting spiritual and working down to try to unwind the those issues yeah okay. You might ask you know what purpose did.

God you know what purpose did. God have in mind for putting me in this situation okay. And you're going to get a pretty profound answer you may not like it. But it'll be profound right.

Right. And. Then you know. I know why did.

God put me here to suffer like this you know these are these are spiritual level questions that go to purpose or or or or karma for lack of a better word the. Next level is identity you know um why am. I. So miserable you know you know.

I'm a miserable person right. Why am. I. So miserable.

I. I. I have to kind of put the identity statement in there either overtly or directly and your your neurology is going to give you an answer. But.

Then you can flip the script and say why am. I a happy person right. And again it's it's about insight and and once you gain those insights you can choose what to do with them or about them right. Okay.

But you don't need to do this this is just an optional thing. So. David you can use this also for. So you can e once you find the negative belief you can either zap it away or you can just elicit the opposite belief.

So if you have somebody who isn't. Pro zap like you know you're in a situation where you can't zap people directly because people call you a witch. Then you can use this yeah and and you can you can turn this into a color breathing exercise very very very quickly right. So if you got something that says you know um why am.

I. So miserable all of a sudden you're going to get a feeling you're going to get you're going to get a response you're going to get a feeling right. This is why am. I why do.

I deserve to be successful and happy you're going to get another feeling and you can turn that into a color and. I like that and that that's a direct that's a direct mirror of the. Hermetic equilibri of the element process you elicit negative emotion or feeling you generate a surplus of its opposite and use it to burn out the uh the other polarity right. I didn't understand how to do that until.

I understood color breathing and the integration of mind and breath and body and and coordinated that with feeling. I didn't. I didn't get how just doing that as a mental exercise could possibly work because it's not just a mental exercise it has to have mind imagination mind in other words mind breath and body to to to facilitate it okay. Or you could simp you could also go you not even focus on on the the positive sides of the logical levels if you listed all those negative beliefs you could simply ask what would.

I like. Ty be true instead and. Then you're going to you're going to designate you're going to you're going to generate an even more targeted resolution frequency that'll that'll nuke those beliefs out of out the window right. Away yeah okay.

So all right. You guys ready to get lucky okay. Are there any other questions people might have on this yeah. I had a question okay.

Um how often do you do these um. So-Cal clearing exercises or this this. Last one that's sort of like a reframe going from one polarity to the other in. Daily practice of like for instance meditation or manifestation or is this like this like sort of.

Band-Aid approach to to like a problem. I think certain practices should be done every day others as needed and others on a semi-regular basis this particular one can get pretty pretty complex um and by the way. I don't think you'll ever run out of questions or or answers to these questions uh and. So this is an ongoing self-exploration process right.

Well. I do um do the um image cycling on a regular basis well. I have to go back to what. I had been and.

I also do uh. Shaker meditation almost every day. So. I'm just wondering if.

I should be um incorporating these practices or pretty much just looking to see what a lot of it a lot of it really depends. Bruce on how much time you want to devote to these practices you know if you're if you are uh you know training to be a hermetic. M uh. Mage and you had time to be cloistered in a temple eight hour you know 24 hours a day seven days a week you might do this every single day as part of your daily practices and this is one of the reasons you know why.

I said the fastest way to learn none of this is to try to learn all of it because there's a lot and these things take time and. So the fastest way to get what the most the biggest bang for your buck is to focus on the practices that really resonate with you that come easily to you and give you the most pleasure to do and. Then as you as you make your strengths. Unstoppable.

Circle back grab another piece off the table and work with it until once again it's it's. Unstoppable for you um like. I said these are all radioactive. Legos and you can put them together in in any sequence you want.

I think it might be useful to do. I. I think informations you might want to do every day or every other day uh in terms of your timeline stuff like where you you create something you want you plug it into your timeline you can do that as needed or as you think. So you know timeline.

I had a quick question about that can you you can go back in time it doesn't doesn't matter where you place your your desire um oh you yeah time is a construct. So linear time doesn't actually exist. So. I could go back in time and and and basically create like a paradox with something.

I manifested when. I was a child and it has to be true today yeah that's cool there is some evidence from remote viewers and remote influencers that you can't influence the past uh and and the future for that matter. But what's really what's really important is that you influence your perception of the events that happen because that's all you really have once once you experience an event everything else is past tense all you all you're relating to from that moment on is the recording you made and. So it can mean anything you want it can be anything you want and and it's and and it's the recording you made of the experience that your autonomic nervous system orients on and determines your flight path into the future not the actual event this is why we can go back and reclaim.

Soul fragments or fragments of. Consciousness from traumatic those traumatic caps containers that they're in and their whole life changes spontaneously um because there's a piece of your. Consciousness trapped in that thought form and it's on like a little hamster wheel running on on continuous. Loops um.

But there have been certain situations like. Brent. Bal in his book. Trauma.

School. Earth uh he talks about doing a drug intervention on somebody where during the the holographic memory process he takes the person back to right. Before that very. First drug experience and has the older version warned the younger version not to do the drugs that it's going to ruin his life and it's going to do all these horrible things and when the guy comes out of the session he looks at.

Brent and he goes you know. I remember when that happened and. Brent goes huh yeah. I remember being in my room high as a kite and this guy came out of nowhere and told me not to do this because it would ruin my life.

I thought. I was just having a bad trip right. And. I actually had that happen with one of my students.

I didn't believe it. I always take these things with a grain of salt until it happens to one of my people you know. U another here talk about dimension jumping jumping from one reality to the other by manifesting like what something like what you're describing now well again the things that you're you're alluding to are long-term results of the drills that you're you're working with here there's a progression this actually you bring up a good point. I didn't cover this earlier on there's a progression we talk about this more uh in the advanced vibrational influence classes and sometimes in the the um the secrets of internal power class that's coming up in.

October. November there's a progression of phenomen phenomenology in in how we do this when you. First start working with a lot of the processes especially when we all we all we understood it from was a hypnotic standpoint the phenomena you generate are purely subjective and what. I mean by that is let's say we're working with the fire element and.

I'm imagining uh being in the middle of a sea of flame flame and and and fire exist infinitely in every directions and. I'm at the center of that universe and my body is made out of fire and and. I'm. I'm.

I'm thinking fiery thoughts and and. I'm just becoming one with the fire element and at. First all it is is a purely subjective imagined experience and and. Then something interesting begins to happen and this happens for everybody the only thing.

I can't predict is when. But there are orders of progression. So the. Next thing that'll happen is rather than just starting to imagine it you'll actually start to feel a subjective sensation of warmth in your body well we take your temperature there won't be any obvious thermal change.

But you'll feel warmer inside that's the. Next level. Then what will happen is you'll start to get deeper and more absorbed and in rapport with that fire element more and more of those qualities will come through into you and you'll start to resonate with that frequency more and your. B and all of a sudden your body will start to warm up there will actually be a subjective temperature change in your body.

Then eventually what happens is you'll start to get deeper and deeper into that that fire element and after a certain amount of time meditating in a room the room itself will become subjective or subjectively or objectively warmer to be able to actually measure a change in temperature right. Some of you can can leap frog through those levels really quick some take a while. But it all goes back to the level of absorption you have in the experience okay. But that's how that's how it works it starts with a purely this is also true with.

Chiang although nobody tells you that and if they told you this from the beginning you wouldn't have half the problems you have with most. Chans it starts off as. Pure. Imagination.

But most of us don't even get that we just start say move your hands and breathe like this well no. If you're not if your imagination isn't engaged it's just a breathing exercise you have to have all three right. And of the three the two most important are the breathing and the imagination you don't have to do lot big physical movements to move energy. But there is a mind leading the body component.

So your mental body moves. First. Then your astral body moves and. Then your physical body moves like a hand inside a glove and that's really advanced stuff.

But there's a it has to start with imagination okay. And and. So if you understand that progression and it's based on the amount of absorption you have in the process not the amount of time you have in the process. Then um you can progress pretty quickly.

But when you start trying to calibrate and start to generate an expectation of how long it should take to get from one level to the. Next level to the. Next level now you're engaging the law of unconscious response which means the more we try to impose conscious limitations or conscious um impetus on an unconscious process the more we get less response or the inverse of what we want you see how it all. Loops back that's sounds like what like resistance like commentators call that like resistance yeah trying to trying to consciously will yourself to become more in tune with the fire element actually pushes you out of it.

So we have to combine we have to integrate the will and the imagination with the with the breath and the body and become fully absorbed in the process and. Then we'll go through these layers of phenomena right. I can make myself a extremely heavy in an instant. I can go from very very light to very very heavy in the blink of an eye why because.

I know how to change my. Elemental uh vibration. I guess is a and. I and.

I take on those attributes right. And at. Fir and if you put me on a scale. I.

Pro my my my physical weight probably wouldn't change. But if any how many has anybody here ever seen me do that where. I have somebody like. I'm.

I oscillate between between air and. Earth. I have somebody pick me up normally and. Then.

I have somebody do the uh. I go air and. I get really light and it's easy to pick me up and. Then.

I go and. I go. Earth and you can't pick me up and. Then.

I with them. I go. I go air and. Then half halfway up while they're trying to lift me.

I switch to. Earth and they drop me like. I throw their back out. Joe did that happen to you did.

I do that to you yeah. I remember that one. I remember that one yeah what was that like um it was it it. I couldn't.

I couldn't tell if it looking back if it was actually if you're actually heavier or if it was just my perception of you you being heavier. But the effect of it was that. I couldn't lift you up and that's ultimately you know yeah we could actually if you really want to get get all sciency about it we could actually frame that as a mirror neuron response right. Because what's happening is it's.

I'm picking myself up or. I'm making in my mind. I'm making myself lighter my intention is to make myself lighter your mirror neurons register that intention and all of a sudden. I'm easier to lift.

I change my intention to being heavy. I go into this feeling of being heavy your mere neurons your proceptive nervous system picks up that message and signals heavy and your body responds it's all preconscious right. The the result is the same right. You can't lift me right.

And. I've done this with several people. But this is the idea. But.

I've also some of you have been in some of our vibrational influence classes where. I zap people with the fire element and they break out in a sweat yeah that also happened to me did that did do that to you yeah you s was there and he started like going back and forth that's went back and forth and. Then. Cyrus starts like laughing for some reason like what the hell's going on now.

I just like. Turned bright. Red yeah. So weird happens in the vibrational influence classes.

But that's another aspect of the elements. But it's manifestation. But there's levels to it right. I certainly didn't start there and unless you're really gifted which some of you might be some of you may be better at this than me right.

Out of the gate um there's a think about it as a progression purely subjective and. Then the body changes and. Then the physical the measurable changes happen and it just keeps going that way um. I don't have time to show it today because there's.

So many things. I may wind up doing an advanced hidden. Laws of. Attraction class because.

I'm looking at all the things on my list um and. I. Ryan asked me to talk about them in the. Facebook.

Group. But. But um. I'll have to really mow that over um.

But um. Anyway um. I don't know how. I got off on this tangent.

But think of it that way. Bruce if that helps okay. Um let's talk about let's talk about something really cool one of the things that let me let me unpin. Jose or pin myself rather for some reason my default is to just go to whoever was.

Last speaking it doesn't actually go to me which is not useful squirrels yeah uh guys are down for the advanced class no. Need to wait seven years this time to share your download with others now you guys are drained my. Last drop of blood all right. Um hold on a.

Second. Advanced while. I'm catching up okay. Um.

So let's talk about we many of the things that we've been doing have been about clearing. So it we in other words if we were to think about what we're doing from a persuasion perspective what we've been working on in terms of the clearing stuff is what we call. Omega strategies. Omega strategies are tactics and methodologies that remove resistance they they they lubricate things they don't necessarily add more push to the engine they just resolve the friction it has to fight against now we did had a lot of we did give you a few a few push things manifestation engines that uh are useful and a lot of this and we talked about identity and we've talked about action and.

I could go a. I could talk a lot more about the identity. Prospect. But truthfully if you really want to get that nailed down come to identity by.

Design and you will get every single tool that you need maybe even more than you need um to really hone in on that stuff um if we have time before the end of class we'll do some of the drills or. I may just just install it in you as a byproduct of that. But um we'll see we'll see where we wind up we will end with image cycling for sure because that is definitely something that has to be done it has to be handled um. But there are a class of people and and everything we've talked about goes to working smarter and not harder.

But there is a class of people out there that for some reason good things just seem to find them good things just fall into their lap. I'll tell you one of the guys he's a good friend of mine. I have known him for over 20 years or at least 20 almost 20 years now uh and most of you know him his name is. Scott sandin.

Scott sandin is the penultimate lucky person if a plane were flying overhead and there was a safe carrying $50,000 in the cargo section and the cargo bay door opened and the safe fell out and for some mysterious reason opened on the way the $50,000 would fall into. Scott sandin sunroof whereas in my world the safe would fall into my sunroof okay. I'm. I'm exaggerating.

But we've all had those experiences right. We've all met people that they literally slip on a pile of and fall on a $100 bill right. Um their job seems to just blow up out of nowhere and all of a sudden a tremendous opportunity materializes instantaneously we've all known people like this and we usually hate them because they're not us a lot of times. But we've also met people who are literally magnets if.

I call them the uh the the slep rocks of the world you guys remember the old uh. Pebbles and bamb. Bam uh. Flintstone spin-off where.

Pebbles and bamb. Bam are now all grown up and one of their friends is. Schleprock who is the proverbial. Jonah on dry land it's like anywhere this guy goes bad luck follows right.

I call it the schlep rock. Factor right. Wowy wowy woo right. Um there are people in this world who are just magnets if something bad could happen it's going to happen to them right.

So and. Then of course there's that you know between these two outliers you have all the average people and. I got myself you know. I got myself to thinking about this many many years ago it's like how does that work is it really just a um a matter of of.

God blessing us is it a matter of. God cursing us is it really about. Karma and certainly. Karma plays a factor.

But a bunch of psychologists and researchers started to ask the same question is there something to this idea of luck of serendipity and are there are there traits are there characteristics that these people have in common and if. So what are they well it turns out that uh after quite a bit of research uh researchers did in fact discover a series of. Behavioral traits and attitudes that all. Lucky people share and if you have the identity by.

Design training you have all the tools to install those traits. So what we're going to cover now are the traits that you can use to become more automatically lucky there's an old saying that. I'd rather be lucky than than than skilled right. And and that's a lot of times luck.

Trump luck. Trump skill we would like to have both arguably now these luck principles that we're going to talk about don't negate or they don't vilify people who work hard there's a lot of average luck people who work very hard and become very very successful and we're not denigrating that we're not saying don't work hard we're saying if we combine smart work with these traits we get more return on our investment more opportunities more lemons into lemonade kind of situations. So. I want to frame this properly okay.

Some of these will be. First of all every trade that. I'm going to cover you already have it's just a question of what is the proportion of that trait to the rest of you does that make sense this means yes. This means no.

John you have okay. Good all right. So let me go ahead and share my screen um if you if you take out your manual uh strategic. Serendipity we're going to revisit um uh some things that might seem familiar to you yeah.

Jinx from. Police. Academy movies. I didn't.

I don't remember. Jinx from the police academy movies. But okay. Uh let me pull up my my version here and um.

David. I don't have a printer to print out this thing and if. I move my screen it just um. I'll get kicked out.

So wor it it's it's. Avail it's in the. Facebook. Group yeah.

So just. I'm going to be sharing my screen. So just look. At it on the screen and make notes and.

Then when you get a chance go down and download the the manual and play with it and. I. I. WR.

I. I. I created these manuals as. Word documents.

So you can go in and actually customize it for your own your own needs uh the one. I the one. I upload the final version or at least the the. First draft of this when it's completed will will be in a.

PDF format and it'll be all all the copyrights in it and everything else. But um. But for right. Now all you need to do is is be able to see the screen and you'll be fine um me just go ahead and focus on this okay.

Uh screen share okay. So there's our old friend action takers lucky people are action takers. But now now we're going to drill down to a deeper understanding of what being an action taker actually means. Ser serendipitous people people who are naturally lucky are more fearless and when.

I say. Fearless what. I mean is they tend to be much more explorational courageous curious and playful about trying new things they tend to focus on positive potential outcomes now let's let's extrapolate on this doesn't mean they move through the world with rose-colored glasses what it does mean is that instead of worrying about what could go wrong they. First focus on the potentials of a particular situation or opportunity they say to themselves.

I'd like to give it a try and. Then they look. At the. Perpetual um downsides of what could happen and.

Then choose to focus on the good outcomes. So it's not that they ignore the bad the potentials of the bad stuff it's that they're more focused on the what could get what they could get from it rather than what what could the bad things that could happen. Okay. So they really minimize that negative side and they focus on the on what they're going to get from it rather than what could happen as a byproduct of of of it it's screwing up okay.

Very big deal a lot of people are are catastrophe thinkers they think about all the things could go wrong and. Then spend all of their time trying to mitigate the potential for failure lucky people they they see the opportunity they recognize the potential of a situation they they survey the the potential ramifications and. Then they go back and focus on what good things could happen okay. It's really about a focus on the positive outcomes now psychologically speaking focusing on good outcomes increases the characteristic of of self-sufficiency self-sufficiency goes right.

To self-esteem it goes right. To the concept of taking action of being of feeling like we're capable of doing things okay. It perpetuates and reinforces the belief that you are confident and more capable of accomplishing whatever you set out to do. So this is this is the tactic and and the understanding is that when you focus on positive outcomes it actually makes you more competent and capable okay.

You will tend uh you'll tend to be more of a. RIS taker uh you'll seize opportunities wherever they perceive it and you're willing to take more risks that's why we spend a lot of time if you go back up to here and you notice some of the words some of the states that um we're talking about these are some of your big four states aren't they right. Um especially here curious and playful this is why a lot of my students the longer they stay in. Planet.

David for lack of and again this is not a. Shameless plug it's just a byproduct of the training that you get um because we spend. So much time building states of curiosity and states of playfulness they tend to raise their vibrations automatically and their luck potential starts to increase okay. A byproduct of raising your vibration and of what you choose to think about or think on there uh under the of action taking these people we also want to cover mentally resilient people who are more playful and curious people who are.

L lucky action takers quickly brush off disappointments and move on to the. Next opportunity it doesn't mean they're always succeeding it doesn't mean that they don't feel bad when things go wrong is they don't dwell on it they experience it they get up they dusts off and they go back to focusing on the. Next opportunity they're more fiery lucky people tend to be more fiery because that's how a fire person responds they do something it doesn't work they get mad for a few seconds and. Then they're up and on to the.

Next opportunity would people dwell on that forever okay. Hold on somebody you guys need to mute yourselves please or. I will do it for you um lucky people in terms of okay. I guess.

I got to do it for you. Then okay. Going back just sharing the screen lucky people in general especially in this in terms of once again this is under the the the trait of action taking. So you can see there's a few smaller traits or sub traits in here they tend to have a happier disposition notice the notice the uh the bias towards happy joy ful playful content positive vibration okay.

Happier. States action takers by. Nature are happier because they have a constant influx of new stimulations and experiences and activities in their day-to-day lives they deliberately start doing things that automatically boost content in this and in this context they follow their. Joy when they see something that looks like it might be fun that might have a a positive um.

Rush for them they go and they do it um and when you when you engage in these kinds of. States when you spend a lot of time focusing on the joyful positive happy sides of things you grow more brain cells you grow more mat uh brain matter which also makes you smarter and if you think about some of the statistics that uh. I gave you in regards to hostage negotiation and positive playful attitudes remember. I said people who are more playful and easygoing and competent are 30% more intelligent 30% more adaptable 30% more creative 30% more of every good thing and their counterparts in the hostage negotiation situations are 30% more compliant this again goes to this idea that these positive vibrations significantly correlate with better outcomes better outcomes okay.

If an opportunity is available they'll usually follow it. So the minute they see an opportunity there's a high probability they're going to follow that rabbit hole they're going to chase that squirrel. So to speak okay. Uh looks like we have somebody in the chat here hold on a.

Second uh. I can't see the chat. So. I'll get back to it.

Later all right. So this is um the concept of act uh we got more hold on uh also this is pretty much when we started talking about uh taking action this is probably what most people were were focusing on without without uh you know belting the obvious action takers are self-starters they they're big picture thinkers this is a big one lucky people not hardworking people lucky people and it doesn't imply that that lucky people aren't hardworking. But these people almost never act with 100% certainty now. I'm going to give up.

I'm. G to. I'm going to share an example with you that um could come back to haunt me um let me preface the fact that. I have the deepest respect for this person uh she is a huge part of my life she is the mother of my children um.

But my wife is the most detail oriented small picture thinker. I have ever met she is brilliant she had had a. PhD in. Biochemistry before she started chiropractic school she was a valedictorian of her.

Chiropractic and acupuncture class at the same time she is not a dumb woman she is one of the hardest working women. I have ever met unfortunately she can also tend to be um she misses a lot of opportunities because of it. So she doesn't generate the kind of luck we're talking about my wife is. So detail oriented that her plans have plans okay.

And if she cannot see with 100% certainty how to get from. A to. Z she won't start okay. Now there are certain qu uh there are certain occupations certain uh jobs where that is that trait is extremely useful.

However it does not lend itself to luck it can lend itself to good results. But it doesn't lend itself to the kind of serendipitous experiences or events that we want to attract more of right. And. So uh when.

I was going through the the. Lisa sasit training funnel she had a she had a beautiful expression that she used to say she used to talk about building the plane while flying it right. Or a more an older colloquialism or old another old cliche that many of you will recognize is called the ready fire aim principle right. Which explains my life in a nutshell right.

I see something. I start the project and as. I'm doing the project. I'm still completing the project it's like.

I start and. Then. I figure it out as. I go and.

So what happens is. I wind up like rushing through making mistakes going back fixing it and keep moving forward. So if you were to compare and contrast how my wife approaches things versus how. I approach things if we're both starting from the same point.

I've made 30,000 mistakes and finished before she's done planning the difference is when she starts she'll go straight through there won't be that many mistakes you understand one way results in more mistakes. But you're moving forward faster the other way results in a lot of preparation time. But less mistakes along the way unless of course things like oh nature intervene and throws you random variables and other human beings who have different agendas and things like that. So.

I'm very much of the of. I by the way. I'm a very lucky person uh. I'm really good at manifesting both positive and negative.

I've gotten better at the negative. I mean getting rid of it you know not doing the negative stuff. But. I had to learn how to do that also from what.

I said earlier you and. Sh very different how is that reconciled um we have a lot of things in we have a lot of. Behavioral traits in common they're just going in different towards different outcomes and um we are we are at. War [Laughter] constantly um because in a lot of ways we're the same.

But sometimes the directions were going are different. But my wife has certain meta programs because she comes from a a science-based uh and a very aggressive uh prove your point prove your data uh mindset that indoctrinated her to be very very sure of all her steps because any any um any hole in her research she came from biotech and research and if there's any flaw in your your study your study structure they're going to rip you apart if there's any hole in your data they're going to rip you apart and she excelled she was actually she was just. So you understand she was actually a reviewer for other people's articles for a per for a journal and. So she literally she literally has to has to look.

For all flaws you understand she has to that that's that's where she that's the world she comes from and that works amazingly well in the world of research where your funding lives or dies based on the results and the and how many times you're published right. You get out into the business world where things are a little bit more fluid it can hold you back in a lot of ways right. It a lot of a lot of the things that work for us or against us are largely context dependent right. I am better making up as.

I go than most people are planning it out and. I can say that with with a little bit of like oh that that voice of my head saying oh there you go being arrogant again. But. I never claim to be humble.

But the truth is is every time. I try to be something other than what. I am it doesn't work it doesn't work for me. I can.

I can create really cool stuff. But my process is not linear by any stretch of the imagination where my wife's is very linear that. Next everything yeah the bottom line is ready fire aim. However much information you have if you have enough to start and.

So you do that's how a lucky person operates for the most part right. Uh let me go back to this. So. I'm um.

Anyway um. So. So our minds like our parents do not always tell the truth we have confirmation bias we have loss aversion bias a lot of things can come up remember. I said our unconscious mind makes any neg a potential negative or actual negative experience six times worse than it actually is.

So if we start looking at all the reasons why we shouldn't do something or the bad things that could happen our mind tends to blow those way out of proportion lucky people as a rule tend not to be as uh much of a. Slave to that way of thinking. So um. So when you when when lucky people truly are truly uncertain about a decision they ask themselves the following questions they acknowledge the concerns that they have they don't go into denial they don't go into rosecolor glasses they acknowledge that this could happen this could happen this could happen and.

Then they go to the worst case what's the worst that could happen and. Then they ask this question. How likely is that particular situation to really happen. So they weigh the short-term costs versus the long-term benefits and at the end of the day they tend to follow their intuition.

But they never they never expect to feel 100% certain 100% of the time they will have moments of certainty. But they're still going to move forward. So when we think about this whole concept. I can't get it all on one page oh well of of taking action it's not as cut and dried as people think there's a little bit more to how lucky people take action as opposed to how some people take action is there uh you guys have any questions about about taking action or action.

Orient orientation okay. You guys ready to are we unstable again okay. No. Questions we'll move on um question real quick um.

So. Then if you're for someone whose personality might be more into like very analytical and have to make you know these type of plans and can't just think you know. SP moment. I'm just going to do this.

I'll figure it out some way or other. I'll figure it out. So how do you. Then develop more of that personality to to generate more luck in your life say.

I'm sorry ask the question again okay. So for example like your wife or or anybody else that might be very analytical have to really plan make sure they have plans know your the outcome is going to happen and and won't. Venture forward unless. I know that.

I'm going to end up with this how do you. Then generate those other personality type of traits to be more lucky. Without. Really altering greatly how you operate in that way.

First of all you have to learn to be comfortable being uncomfortable starting without all the information especially if it goes against your nature right. Now remember we're talking about naturally lucky people we're not talking about average people we're not talking about you know the the bell curve we're talking about the outliers and the traits that kind of they all have in common most of us want to have as much information as possible most of us we just feel that because we're we're taught into thinking that way we don't want to have to add. Li and make up as we go a lot we we have a an allergy to ambiguity right. And.

So the the workaround that. I would give to people who need to have and you got to understand that this need for all the information can range from 75 to 100% like. I love my wife and and. I have the deepest respect for.

I mean she's forgotten more about. Chinese medicine than. I'll ever learn and and she's constantly learning more every day. But she's somebody who has to have all of the information before she'll even begin the process understand in in in a world of of very fluid business decisions that doesn't work well it it it leads to missed opportunities and it leads to people not necessarily wanting to work with you right.

Uh we've lost several business opportunities because she went through everything that was being said with a microscope and asked even more micro questions right. Because that's her nature um and in fact. I. I actually harness that nature whenever there's a contract or an agreement or um a technical manual that needs to go be gone through.

I give it to her because she loves that right. She loves going through all the details and the minutia and and and getting it all right. Um my workaround for people who are what. I call paralysis by analysis right.

Is figure out how much information you need subtract 20% and when you reach that point start right. If you want to be even more move it from from 20% to 35% right. Because a lot of it is fear-based a lot of it is fear-based we're afraid that if we don't have all the information something will go wrong lucky people know that shit's going to go wrong and they'll figure it out as they go they they they take it as a given they're going to have a good outcome they know they're going to screw up and they're going to keep going because at the end there's a there's there's a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow does that make sense not to not to somebody who needs all the information before they can start. But again we're not talking about typical thinking right.

We want to understand the psychology of it and the characteristics of it. So we can build it in and that's the whole point of of understanding these traits is we want to use the tools that we've been given to amplify that aspect of our personality that aspect of our identity okay. And. So uh on that note.

I'm going to kind of jump. I'm going to actually go out of order and. I'm going to talk about one of the other traits that we've actually hit on more and more more and this probably is the one. I should have led with.

But in the manual that. I created we started with action the. Next one is identity this is what's funny because. I didn't believe this when.

I read it and. Then when. I taught the class it was exactly um what the what the research said go down to the identity part lucky lucky people self-identify as being lucky when. I.

First read that. I was like what and. So the. First time.

I taught. Get. Lucky for. Life it's not what you think or maybe it is the.

First thing that happened is five people raised their hand and says. I'm an actually lucky person and. I was like you've got to be kidding me before. I even the traits people were already volunteering that they were lucky.

So in fact one of my students who's a little a little bit of a a flamboyant character you might have seen it at some of the masterminds uh his real name is. David he took. This to the ultimate extreme and nicknamed himself lucky. So anytime he'd introduce himself he'd go hi my name's.

L. I'm lucky right. Um. But at the and this is an important piece they've accepted at an identity level at an identity level that they're lucky they have a belief uh that supports that and because they have that belief at that higher level their emotional refractory period and their perceptual filters shift to bring uh to to parse their environments for more opportunities their nervous system their unconscious mind sorts the elements in that environment that reinforce and take advantage of that label.

Therefore they are far more likely to have fortuitous encounters than those who label themselves average or unlucky remember when somebody says. I am lucky or. I am unlucky that's a that's an identity statement that's held at the belief level going back to those logical levels of belief. So what you believe ultimately influences what you perceive naturally lucky people spontaneously.

However they've come to this identity level belief about themselves they've they've installed this belief at the identity level and they're neurology follows uh everything else follows about it it it it it just it generalizes down their values level it generalizes down to their deservingness level it generalizes down to their capabilities level their behavioral level and their environmental level okay. And once again we see our friend here the chart logical levels of belief right. If we believe. I am a lucky person.

Then everything lines up okay. So let's go back up to to extroverted now we talk about extroverted we're not talking about the. Myers. Briggs form of extroversion what we're talking about is a conscious decision to seek out more opportunities for social contacts as opposed to opportunities for.

Solitude the the. Myers. Briggs definition of extrovert version goes to how we recharge our physical and emotional batteries to uh to gain energy that is not what this form of extraversion means what this means is that either by our by virtue of our inner nature being a natural extrovert or being an introvert who chooses to reach out to people we actively seek out opportunities for social interaction and engagement does that make sense okay. So whether most.

I'll be honest with you even though um. I seem like a diet in the wool extrovert. I am the world's biggest introvert you know if it weren't for the news. I wouldn't know there's a quarantine because.

I never leave my house the only time. I you see this you know this psycho image that. I. Pro is when.

I'm and. I'm reaching out to consciously choosing to reach out to people otherwise. I'm huddled in the corner somewhere sucking my thumb right. Uh.

I am very sensitive to my. I'm. I'm very sensitive to my environment it's uh it's kind of one of the drawbacks of of uh my particular psychiat psychology and physics ogy um there's levels of sensitivity that. I have that other people don't and that's a double-edged sword um means.

I'm. I'm. I'm very much at the mercy of the environments. I'm in uh and a lot of you are very similar you you seek out opport you seek out moments where you can be with your thoughts with your books you know if you've if you're a gamer or whatever it is that you do.

But. But that's. But that's not the point that's just how you recharge your batteries okay. Lucky people consciously deliberately seek out ways to expand their social networks they're not real concerned about the intimacy of those networks see introverts when they meet someone.

First of all most introverts can count the number of friends they have on one hand and have fingers left over okay. Because intimacy and connection is something we cultivate with a few select individuals our world is very personal to us lucky people reach out they they connect and have feelers everywhere right. And that was something that. I had to learn to do extroverted people either conscious extroverts or unconscious extroverts do not wait for people to come to them which is a character trait a lot of introverts have and why a lot of them feel rejected not good enough um unworthy or ostracized by the people around them it's because unless they are someone literally comes up to you looks you in the eye and says would you like to do this you automatically assume you're not welcome okay.

It's a very very very common phenomena amongst introverts okay. And it's projection and and it's a double-edged sword for us as introverts because the body language of shyness is almost the the same body language as snobbishness you guys remember you guys remember what. I said about um controlling the narrative when someone looks at you especially in a socially engaging environment and they see someone who's aloof and separated uh and not interacting with people they don't automatically assume you're shy they don't and especially if you're giving off language that signals defensiveness or discomfort you send the message of being unapproachable because they feel th those feelings when they look. At you and they're looking at you and they feel those feelings they assume you're the cause and.

So they avoid you and they frame you in their mind of not being approachable of being a snob when in truth you're dying for someone to come and talk to you. But you won't initiate because if if you're not asked you're not welcome it's not true. But there's a tendency for introverts to think that way that and we find a lot of social interaction with people who don't we don't have a lot in common with to be uh energetically taxing okay. We.

B one of the reasons. So many of us. Bond here is because everyone you're in this class with is a kindred spirit right. You can when you're here you're amongst family you're amongst your your tribe because everything you want to talk about everything you're interested in is is mirrored by the people around you and when you're out in the world you're like a wizard or a wise woman wandering in the darkness afraid of being burned at the stake or judged for being weird or unconventional or what have you right.

Here you can let all you can drop all that and be the person you truly want to be and. Aspire and are right. My my purpose my goal for you is to be walk in your truth no. Matter where you are.

But it will always be easier here because we're all the same in our in our amazing ways of being different we all come from that desire to to to to study and understand and be together does that make sense those things aside though if you want to generate more opportunities personally professionally socially romantically you must intentionally extrovert yourself you must reach out that does not mean they have to be intimate connections although some of them will be most of them will be very casual almost and completely superficial they maybe know more than a. Facebook. Friending of someone you've never met. I can't tell you how my life changed the minute.

I chose to do the thing that was uncomfortable not because. I liked it. But because there was a result. I wanted and what.

I was doing wasn't getting it and this is where we run into a conundrum many times because there's this concept of you know just be yourself except we don't actually know who that is we have the self that other people want us to be and we have the self that we would like to be and the truth is neither of those a self is just a mask and. So here's my solution to that be the person who makes you feel good about yourself and the person who gets the result result that they want and many times in order to get the result that you want you have to change an aspect of yourself okay. So there's always a balance when. I.

I. I'll tell you. I'll. I.

I'll tell you the. Tipping. Point for me and see if maybe you can relate to this and maybe you can't um. I was was actually quite successful in my own way uh from my late 20s up through my early 30s.

But. I had never gone to college and. I kept hitting walls. I kept hitting barriers that.

I couldn't seem to get past and. Then one day the woman. I was living with bless her heart literally drugg me by the ear into the uh the uh registar office of. Oklahoma.

State. University. Oklahoma. City.

Campus and made me register. I was terrified because very early in my life when. I was just getting out of high school or getting ready to go to college. I went to a college.

I you know. I went you know had those pre-ol interviews to see if um there's something you know that that you want to go to attend that college and my aspirations at that time were to be a professional actor and. Allentown. College of.

St. Francis deles it's now. Dell's. College had the best theater one of the best theater companies or departments in the country and they were literally three miles from my house five miles from my house and.

I walked in and. I sat down in front of. Father [Music]. Schubert who proceeded to list all the reasons why.

I wasn't good enough to be an actor only it didn't only the effect that he had on me didn't stop there. I came away from that thinking. I wasn't even good enough for college and. So.

I didn't go to college until. I was 33 years old because. I was afraid. I wasn't smart enough.

I wasn't good enough. I wasn't talented enough. I wasn't enough. But.

But at the same time. I wanted to compensate. I. I.

I looked for ways to compensate for that lack that. I that. I felt. I have and.

So. I acquired black belts and certifications in neural linguistic programming and certification this certification that and. I list them on my resume and all these other things and it still wasn't enough and. So when this wonderful woman who.

I. I give. I blame her for and. I credit her for to this day drugged me into that register's office.

I had no. Idea what my life was going to be like. But. I made a decision and.

I and and. I there were two pivotal moments for me in my in my academic career that made all the difference in the world one was that moment of going in and taking those steps even though. I was convinced you know up to that point at least. I was convinced.

I wasn't smart enough okay. But. I took. The steps.

Anyway. I didn't have the confidence. But. I had the relentlessness uh and.

So. I went through the. I. I.

I. I took. That. First step.

I didn't have all the answers. I didn't know how it was how. I was going to do. I didn't know what the end result would be and.

I walked into my one of my very. First classes was sociology and my instructor's name was an. African-American gentleman by the name of sim. Swindle and to this day.

I love the guy because he would give you open book. Tests he knew the system was rigged. But he's did something very very profound that flipped my whole world on its ear he looked at the class and he said each and every one of you are beginning this class with an a how many of you are going to maintain it and. I was like there's an idea because most of us think that we come in with zero and we have to work up to an.

A. But we all know it's it's harder to get something than it is to maintain something unless you're talking about my weight. But that's different issue for a different day right. And.

So. I was like whoa it was just one of those those weird words weird statements that just changes everything like a like a reframe right. I was like well wait a minute. I'm already.

I already got a 4.0 in every class right. Now all. I got to do is keep it. So.

I did and. I aced every single class by the end of the. First or. Second term.

I forget if it was 2 or. I got an. I got an invitation from. F feta.

Kappa which is the. Honor. Society for uh two years colleges and all of a sudden poof now. I've told lots of my five faded cus stories right.

And and that was there was a pivotal moment there too because up until that moment. I was never a joiner. I didn't. I wasn't involved in any clubs in high school.

I wasn't involved in anything other than acting and it wasn't a club it was just the school plays and the school school musicals that was the only club that. I ever or activity. I was ever involved in fact. I was voted the top actor in my high school and.

Then. I encountered a man with a collar who said. I wasn't good enough and all of a sudden poof right. You will encounter people who will try to squash your dreams remember it's your dream not theirs take the steps.

Anyway. But. I had we had a meeting and it was time to for people to. First of all.

I had to make a decision was do. I want to join a club or not the. Second one is did. I want to uh apply run for an election run for an office and that's when the moment of decision came and.

I and and the conscious thing that. I'm. I'm sharing with you now happened to me. I realized that if.

I wanted the. Next 33 66 136 years of my life to be different. I had to do something different and. So.

I did as uncomfortable as it was as stressful as it was as how much not me it was. I did the uncomfortable thing and the rest is history. I reached out. I didn't wait to be asked although that happens a lot in dat cap you get asked to do a lot of.

But you have to take that. First step you've got to reach out and this is this of of of all the traits that. I think are misunderstood when it comes to generating luck this one is the big one you can't wait for it to come to you here here's what. I mean reach out to people just for the sake of reaching out to people without any other agenda than making connections and not and and things will happen and.

So many things the reasons you're here happen because of random re of deliberate reaching out to random people and being extroverted and. I am not. But every single one of you here are here as a byproduct and a result of that extraversion okay. Okay.

So maybe you can find relevance uh maybe you can find relevance in that story maybe you can't. But. I will tell you. I spent a lot of years being lonely and.

I didn't have to be of feeling not good enough and. I didn't have to be because nobody taught me nobody nobody explained to me what. I've explained to you and once. I learned this piece my luck changed changed dramatically dramatically okay.

So please take that for what it's worth okay. Um let's go to let's go back to our. PowerPoint okay. Uh let's let's let's explore this idea of deliberate extraversion is somebody have a comment or something they want to share yes.

No. David uhuh you should be able to hear me more clearly because. I'm on phone now versus internet audio easier. I just wanted to share with uh you were talking about people being in.

David land or. David. World when they have that feeling of playfulness. So.

I just during our little. Last break. I live and happen to live in a in an area where it's kind of old pury outside my door is like restaurants and live music. I'm living at cor spot in.

Del beach sounds like fun by the way. I. I. I spent nine years in.

Coral. Springs. So. I'm intimately familiar with.

Del. Beach yeah. So it's really become even more of an international it's just such a great place connected to the beach to the. Trees of tropical here is just.

So beautiful. Anyway. So. I kind of have that attitude of being.

I always say be playful not be child be childlike not childish yes. Because of everything we're saying and. I was thinking about that funnel you know where listing people's values you're you're controlling your own. State you're getting immediately in.

Rapport you're eliciting their values. B you're using your language and you're tapping into their mindset and. Then you're linking it to yourself well that whole time. I was such in a highly playful.

State just driving around on my bicycle just. But in a. Nuance quiet way not like ridiculous sure myself it was it was. So.

I've never felt in such a high vibrational. State like that before ever to the point where people were recognizing it like down the block and people just smiling it was the kind of like really high. I was just in a very playful. State and.

I stopped at a couple music places and just connected put immediately went into rapport with the entire band. Then connected with the whole entire place it was quite an interesting experience like. I said and a lot of some of your words were ringing in my ears. So that was all.

I was in like obviously. Aus huh you got the. David mind virus yes. That's something like that.

David you know you know you're making an impact when pictures of you with memes on them start reaching your. Facebook. Page excellent and and and yes. And this is why we keep coming back to this idea of of playfulness and that was fun again and we have sometimes we have to cultivate that.

But if we if we cultivate joyful playful. States and. Then we never reach out well by default more people will tend to approach us. But we'll never really tap into the power of of deliberate extraversion you know what.

I'm saying right. Uh and there's tremendous benefits to it um. I mean as as. I.

I. I still remember that day uh. So vividly it's like. I it was.

L literally if. I want the the the. Next 30. Years to be different than the.

First 30. I have to be different and and what. I mean by different is. I have to do something different and evaluate the result it produces and.

So. I judge things now very very much by the result it produces. So uh to to at the risk of of of sending us off in a very different direction and opening up a whole. C worms that may piss people off this idea of if you just be yourself you'll you'll attract uh certain types of people into your life or or if you want to attract certain types of people into your life you must.

First become the person to whom those type of people are attracted to and anybody who tells you different is trying to keep you stuck or sell you a product that doesn't mean you're not good enough by the way what it means is what you're doing with your mind and your body and your behaviors is not attracting the result that you want has nothing to do with value and everything to do with actions does that make sense eliminate the the the tendency to assign value to the actions you personal. Worth to the actions you take and the behaviors that they gener gener other people be self-aware enough to realize everybody is self-centered everybody is looking for themselves always and be aware enough and evolved enough to become the person they're they're looking to recognize and. Then make a decision if being that kind of person is who you want to be you get it you get what. I'm saying okay.

Okay. You have to adapt to the situation right. I. I judge things by the results they produce um and how.

I feel about myself inside in terms of being in. Integrity with myself when. I do them uh and again it's all in in harmony with with the outcomes. I said.

So okay. Let me jump back to our luck stuff um going back to extraversion let's let's kind of. Flesh this out deliberate extraversion um these people tend to have a much more outgoing personality now outgoing personalities can be cultivated because personalities are constructs there habits of behavior and thought they tend to seek out more opportunities for social contacts as opposed to opportunities for. Solitude they reach out to the world.

So the world reaches out to them this is a big deal guys you got to go. First you can't wait to be asked you got to go. First okay. A luy per a lucky person's direction of attention is external.

Associated they're out in the world engaging okay. Doesn't mean that when they want to recharge they can't hide in their rooms and suck their thumbs or you know get engrossed in a book. But they make reaching out a deliberate intentional act okay. This is especially true if you're naturally introverted like me an average or average or unlucky people's directions hold on a.

Second somebody need to be muted or was that somebody asking a question okay. Okay. Um the average person is when we talk about three magic questions you have four basic attributes to the thought processes at any given moment you can be internal or external you can be. Associated or dissociated most people are zoning through the world internal dissociated lucky people by default tend to be more externally focused and interactive and.

So the world engages with them and that's again pulls more opportunities for positive connections uh collaboration joint ventures uh dates relationships party invitations you know the full spectrum of social engagement. But if you don't interact you don't get the goodies okay. So they tend to have larger. Circles of friends and acquaintances uh and this increases their chances of for tunist referrals and opportunities um think about.

Facebook. For a moment how many of you heard about an opportunity or an event or a movement from somebody who you've never actually met except for a casual. Facebook. Friending or a following that's what.

I'm talking about these weren't deep relationships. But because those channels were open things came to you that couldn't have come to you any other way. So extroversion is about deliberate reaching out and creating connections to people um these p uh and and what happens is people who are naturally extroverted or people who are serendipitously extroverted they tend to unconsciously zero in on these elements they they just know that for some reason this is something important to do. So they do it um once again a lot of what.

NLP was derived from was was the idea of observing people who were. Naturals at their particular craft or skill set finding out what they do that they didn't know that they did and turning it into a model and that's what we're doing here lucky people unconsciously zero in on these extraversion opportunities and and they and they benefit from that you are learning the model of luck the model of serendipity and. So you must as because you're learning a model you must go through the four stages of learning and. Achieve an unconscious confidence level and your ability to zero in on extroversion opportunities you understand there's four stages of learning there's unconscious incompetence you didn't know what you didn't know and.

Then you became conscious of your incompetence you discovered there was something you didn't know something you couldn't do and you made the the opportunity you saw you saw the information and made a conscious decision to learn it and that moved you to level three conscious confidence the the understanding of the theory the principle the technique and getting enough practice in it. So that when you think about it you can do it and. Then of course level four after doing it enough times it becomes a relegated to an unconscious level of proficiency just like walking or breathing and now you're unconsciously competent um people who are natural lucky people are unconsciously competent at zeroing in on these opportunities for extroversion okay. We have to go through the learning stages okay.

Which means it will feel weird it will feel unnatural. But it just like the echo technique you'll feel obvious. But you will be the only one who feels that way okay. Lucky people will perceive and act upon chance.

Encounters in the environment that unlucky people will not unlucky people will not do this okay.
