Title: Mind Control Stories   Psychological Secrets for Controlling the Hearts and Minds of Others
File Name: _KwtPRzuHo8.txt
Video Id: _KwtPRzuHo8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_KwtPRzuHo8

Now now that we've got that amazing round of energy go let's talk about a completely boring [ __ ] subject at least on the surface. Anyway today's. Workshop by the way for how many of you is this your. First time experiencing the madness in.

Mayhem that is. David. Snider liar oh you poor people okay. Okay.

So today is is let me tell you something. I for many years today's topic is a 2-hour deep dive if we can do that into something that has been floating around the hypnosis. World quite literally for centuries if well decades at least if not centuries and it's the hypnotic power of stories. But it's going to be a if you're if you've been to treatments on story and story work that kind of focus on or or or pointed and maybe even a little bit disoriented because all the time that if.

I take this off please forgive me. I sometimes forget that. I have to keep this on um in the 30 40 years that. I've been involved in the study of human influence everybody would tell me about the the the hypnotic compelling power of stories and every time.

I would go to a story. Workshop or a bi a story course at the end of the course. I had the same look. On my face like what and.

I realized after about the fourth or fifth course by some of the experts everything from. David. Gordon to. Harin kilstein to um who.

I forget who others big. Eric son and. I'm not saying those things don't work. But if the only place we're going to use story is in the treatment room man.

I. I get bored with that [ __ ] really quick. But story is the most powerful and. I can and.

I my field is human influence special. Iz human influence how does story you know stories are the most powerful stories do this stories do that and it wasn't until. I started really delving into the neuroscience and um non-hypnotic applications of story that. I started to realize there's a huge a huge.

Bank of stuff buried in science and literature and things of that nature. So quick question how many of you hate small talk yeah. Amen brother right. How many of you when you're in a line at.

Starbucks or and somebody just starts talking to you have no. [ __ ] clue what to say any anybody okay. So what. I'm going to do.

I decided to to make a long story short. I decided. Ed that if if. I wanted to find a a class that would teach me what.

I wanted to know and needed to know about story a class that would let me utilize story attraction and relationships to leadership to salesmanship and. Beyond. I was going to have to create it and. So that's exactly what.

I did. I. I went and. I dug deep and.

I kept looking and. I kept researching. But. I didn't start with the quot not necessar with the so-call experts in story.

I started with the studies on story. I studied with the the neuroscience and. Then. I looked at what the the the experts in various fields in corporate leadership and coaching and hypnosis of course.

NLP and and especially especially in the realm of public speaking and. I'm talking about like multi-million doll presenters like. T harveer. Mark.

Victor. Hansen. Lisa sasich. Robert.

Allen you all know these people right. And. I discovered something that there's you know a lot of these people have speaker trainings right. But there's a system behind the system that they don't always teach and that has everything to do with the.

Strategic delivery mechanism to. Prime. Behavior to insert and uh other types of technique. So that you have go running to the back of the room to buy their stuff anybody here present or or want people to run back to the back of the room to buy your stuff okay.

If you're not get the [ __ ] out right. So what. I'm going to share with you today is kind of a sample platter approach. I divided my course into five or six chapters each one focusing on a different element or different application of story and what.

I'd like to do if that's okay. Is. I'd like to start with just some some of the basic. Neuroscience if we if we accept these things as true and they are.

Then if we're not utilizing story we're use we're leaving a huge amount of persuasive power on the table right. Um what you see up here is the title of my course. But what. I want you to focus on is this right.

Here everything. I'm about to share with you everything. I'm about to teach you presupposing know how to control your state when we when we say control your state it means that you know how to go into and out of any psychoemotional state as an active will okay. We spend an entire half day on that in in our basic training all right.

Then we're going to teach. Then you know how to get. Rapport okay. A deep level.

Rapport now if you understand story you don't need the. Rapport training quite. So badly because when you people start to become absorbed in your story they'll fall into. Rapport neurological.

Rapport and that's the kind of. Rapport. I like. I like stuff that starts with the meat and works its way up okay.

Then you use whatever language patterns or pattern or skills that you have in your repertoire to deliver your message now if you're my class you start with the echo technique. Then you learn the seven magnificent 7 plus or minus two. Then you might go to embedded commands quotes patterns. IU shift um and and um analog marking we call that the.

Fantastic. Four okay. Um. But whatever you know that's what you use you okay.

Helpful. H for presenters out there if you want to get kinesthetic rapport with the audience treat the audience as one being don't treat them as individuals you'll fragment your energy. But if you treat them as one unit one being with a collective in each cell is each person is a cell in that. Collective cont.

Consciousness your mirror neurons will take that over and your propri reception will. Embrace everyone okay. And again. I'm.

I'm they only gave me two hours if this is the scope of everything there is to teach. I got time for this. So. I'm going to be doing a lot of cliff notes and stuff like that.

So from that we're going to jump into their process and process is going to be really really important when we start looking at using story as a delivery mechanism for advanced hypnotic technique or uh. NLP style uh influence amplifiers okay. Uh and. Then of course we want to take all of this and we want to.

Target a person's emotional hot buttons we want to emotionally. Bond them to us our product or our service that a human being can hear at any given moment if you want to how many people here would like to be able to talk in such a way that people just can't not pay attention to you would that be useful here's how here it is here's the hack right. Now the most powerful most compelling words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth right. And if you understand this and.

I spent in pretty much every single class. I've taught. So far. I've taught that same concept tomorrow when we do instant conversational hypnosis you'll actually get to train in it like writing it installing it doing all those things.

But when you want to gather attention whether it's in a story whether it's in marketing copy whether it's oneon-one the moment you give a person's own words back to them it forces their nervous system to just completely. Orient on you and everything you say goes right. Into the deepest most influential parts of their neurology without mistranslation and the and what. Happ get back the words sincerely yes.

Okay. And. Then what happen happens is they feel better telling you more and the longer they talk this is for those of you who hate. Small.

Talk the longer they talk the more connected to you they become and you don't have to think of anything smart or intelligent or witty to say right. 80% of the work is done by the person you're doing this with right. Now we have little algorithms that we we teach you. Later on to make this more organic.

But the principle is people always accept themselves. So whatever a person says to you or gives to you if you reflect it back to them effectively we call it. Echo they will. Orient on you in a way that gives you.

Max that they give you their maximum attention. So here's another hack. I teach this in the attraction class that. I teach it's called analog matching when when people are in a conversation when and if you're the female you're you're talking about all the sunsets and the warmth and how wonderful it was and the guy on the other side is like pretending to listen really what he's doing is he's searching in his own head for a time in his life that was better.

So he can top it right. Or to tell you about himself. But they're not really listening and at some point doofus over here is going to tell their story right. That's a normal biological social communal function.

But if you want to use story to make it even more powerful and more connection facilitating it's a there a very simple tweak when the person you're seeking to connect with you're wanting to impress tells you a story listen to the exact words that they use to tell it at some point in the conversation it's going to be your turn to tell a story. The. Secret is make your story their words to do it and you will fire off every neurological circuit they have pertaining to this shared experience okay. And you don't have to believe a single thing.

I tell you just go out amongst humans in their natural habitat and test it. Echo the echo your waiters your bartenders and notice what happens right. Okay. So that's a really quick hack.

But let's delve down into like this whole thing of story story by far by the way among all the things. I teach and. I was never. I never really wanted to teach story to the general public it was something when.

I developed this particular protocol it didn't involve stories you didn't need it right. But. I kept hearing over and over and over again story this story that story this story that. But again every time every every every course that.

I ever took. Left me kind of eh there's there's. I know there's more here my. SN sense is s signaling where there's smoke there's fire.

So. I'm going to apologize for that um we only have two hours and. I want to take you as far as. I can and you know normally.

I would just drill down into one deep into one particular aspect. But. I think it's important to broaden the the spectrum of what we understand and the the applications of story. So let's start with something very very cool that.

I. I think it's cool and that's why. I'm going to teach it because. I think it's cool right.

Um. First and foremost this is the process. I want you to have when you tell a when you create and tell a story. I want you to know your outcome right.

Know what you want to achieve by telling the story okay. There's two elements. I want you to build into your stories. I'm going to jump to actually actually going to jump to the.

LA the the fifth chapter uh. Mega stories here there's two things that. I want you to start to put into your stories no. Matter what no.

Matter what story of all human in inuence and. I mean all human influence this is a driver to everything that we do the. First one is called identification identification the identification principle is pervasive in every level of human interaction okay. Uh identification means how much like you or like me are you how much like me are you this is such a again at the risk of scaring people this this is such a pervasive principle that it's commonly used commonly used by social predators to.

Target their victims okay. Uh and it can be and it can be as simple as you get on a bus you're wearing a cool watch you happen to see somebody on the bus wearing the same watch the chances of you sitting closer to that person grow up astronomically right. That's how pervasive this story should always have a protagonist right. Most people can't relate to a tomato plant that had feelings right.

You think. I'm joking there are aronian stories out there that tomato plant can have certain feelings right. And it's it's a different it's a it's it's tapping into a different principle. But to make things.

Butthead simple. So that you can remember it write it down and employ it the hero or heroine of your story should be as close to the people you're seeking to influence as possible now how many were in the. NLP work the. NLP copyrighting.

Workshop. I did yesterday you guys remember that. Avatar exercise might that be useful for this amazing right. This is why when.

I told when. I gave you that story template. I left that. I.

I. I. I. I kind of gave you teasers about story right.

But everything is connected to everything else. So. First and foremost make your make the the people in your story as close to the target audience as possible. I'm going to cover this.

Last piece. I'm going to kind of leave that. Loop open we're going to go through some other stuff. I'm going to do some administrative things because.

I got a bunch of free gifts for you guys and. I want to make sure that everybody gets a chance to get it. But. I want to talk about the one that nobody ever talks about some people might know about this concept or this term.

But one of the things that determines how deeply and how rapidly your your story changes somebody's. Consciousness is a concept known as transportability transportability how many have ever heard that term in connection to story who haven't taken my class okay. This is the one that if you want your stories to be as close to scientifically foolproof as possible that you must understand okay. Transportability and this and this is based on the research that.

I. I gathered from a man named. Dr. WR a book.

Called. Omega strategies um. I warn you right. Up front it's a very dry book.

Uh basically just a a compendium of scientific studies on various forms of uh strategies that reduce resistance to influence. So when we start to look. At the scope of story we. I divide story into basically five or six categories the.

First category is uh. First of all we talk about the. Neuroscience of it. But the.

Second one is stories for captivating and connecting with others stories for captivating and connecting with others and these stories and this and the the system around this is designed around a two a 3 to 5 minute conversation where you're at line at. Starbucks you're waiting to get into a movie if you ever get back to seeing movies again right. And somebody just comes up to talk to you or you want to talk to somebody else and um and you want to connect. But you don't have anything to say or you don't you don't know what to say does that make sense.

So if we have time we'll do a connection the the information. I'm going to tell you. I. I take credit for the synthesis not the source the information for connecting with stories largely comes from uh the work of.

Vanessa van. Edwards who runs a schoolofpe people.com she wrote a book. Called. Fascinate.

I believe it's or is it. Fascinate or. Captivate. Anyway great book.

Highly recommend. Vanessa's work okay. Um. So the.

First thing we want to learn to do is use our stories to connect and create bonding with people in a very short period of time and there's a structure that we can use now if you're going to become a professional story influencer you you and you have to choose to do this this is not something that you can just do randomly some people are just natural storytellers the rest of us suck right. I just right. Right. There is a skeleton and a structure to these things um.

But remember when you're telling a story it's never about you even when it is right. If you're telling a story about yourself remember you're not telling that story for your benefit you're telling it for theirs and. So it should always be centered around the audience and the listener. But we talk about we talk about stories to.

Captivate and connect generate a a a propellent or a a um impellent effect in the persuasion they amplify the push of our persuasion message. So if you see people or you read stories about people's success stories or people for overcoming objections or they're amplifying the message that that that pushes this this information into we call those. Alpha stories and those are the ones you're most familiar with and they work they work really really well any form of leadership is usually an alpha story situation. So if you if you lead teams or groups of people whether it's your local book.

Club or you're you're the. CEO of a. Fortune 100 company. Alpha stories are leadership uh leadership oriented stories they're stories that get people motivated get people cohesive and together they unite people they inspire people they motivate people those are alpha stories okay.

And there's themes and things you can do with that again we we don't have time to go into everything. But. I want you to understand these categories. So you can start to organize your particular approach to story this.

Next kind of story we're going to stories. Omega stories are narratives or stories structures that remove or reduce resistance to persuasion you understand they reduce a person's friction or hesitancy to take action in an alpha story. I'm going to build up your motivation to the point where whatever objections you had just you just roll over them right. In an.

Omega story. I'm just going to put more oil on the floor. So the friction goes away. So it's easier to move people you understand the difference in either case the.

Last module by the way is called ninja stories ninja stories are. NLP well they're not. NP stories what they are is it's a story structure used as a delivery mechanism for multiple. NLP warheads and we have about six or seven go-to techniques that you would by the way of of the the chapters that.

I mentioned um which one was like the most interesting uh. CH one captivating and connecting not. So much okay. What that give me the.

Ninja [ __ ] right. Alpha stories one or two. Omega stories. H we're getting closer.

Dare. I ask ninja stories give me the sexy [ __ ]. David all right. All right.

So before we get into ninja stories what. I'd like us to do is. I'd like to cover this whole concept of transport ability because transportability there are six key elements that maximize transportability within a story the degree of influence that you um the degree of influence that you exert is based on the amount the degree of transportability in the story okay. So let's look.

At that narrative. AKA story when constructed properly to see how to build a story are often more difficult to. Discounter argue than straightforward persuasive rhetoric. So if you have something that is you know that you want to get across if you just list the the historical facts it doesn't have nearly as much impact as if it you it in a story and this is one of the things that that as storytellers we need to we need to understand there is a tendency when we tell stories especially now in the internet age to try and summarize [ __ ] to just get to the bottom line that is not how your nervous system is actually primed to function and especially where stories are concerned.

So when you start to tell stories avoid the desire to summarize avoid the desire to summarize um the plausibility principle is something that we again when we talk about. Omega strategies we need to understand your brain doesn't care something for that is most stories involve the retelling or the expression of somebody else's experience you understand what. I'm saying when we're telling a story we're almost always telling about somebody else's experience and it's rude to challenge somebody else's experience there's a a truth bias that's inherent in all of us and. So even if it's it doesn't seem like it's possible or true.

I should say even if it doesn't seem like it's true if there's the slightest chance that it's plausible your neurology will process it is true the other side of of of story and narrative is that when you're in that that narrative. TR there is a flow. State going on in your body there's a flow. State going on in your body that even if you give incorrect information the per 99% of the time the person hearing the story will ignore it because they don't want to break the flow of the narrative you understand.

So that's why and stories no. Matter how obvious or indirect they may be no. Matter how convoluted or simple are never perceived consciously as an attempt to influence somebody they're never directly perceived as oh he's trying to convince me to do this it's weird. But they change they change attitudes and beliefs in the background and part of that is is due to an effect called the.

Thorndike effect where you every time you hear a story you insert yourself into the perspective of the protagonist you can't not do that okay. And. So as you have the protagonist going through the behaviors and the attitude changes and the revelations that lead to the change for them the reader and. The.

Listener go through it vicariously as well especially if they're identified with it okay. But fact or fiction doesn't matter while it's true that experiences of fictional characters are not objectively real this detail does not seem made up it'll still work it'll still work and again it goes back to this idea that the experience of any character is equally difficult to refute if the subject considers those experiences plausible now. I gave you a language pattern two language patterns in fact yesterday that activates the plausibility factor in the human neurology you guys remember what that is those of you who are there okay. Those you who don't here it is let me find my cool pen the language pattern is called the cause and effect language pattern cause and effect words in this category include because causes allows makes generates triggers now these are just examples okay.

Sequence of events the sequence of events always follows this something happens it causes something else and that means some somebody has to do something else or it has a meaning to it we call that cause effect meaning that is the internal structure of belief it's also the internal structure of narrative right. So many times when you read stories there will be physical actions that lead to other actions. But inside the of the client there are meanings. Associated to each of those actions that's your your equivalence okay.

Without getting too far into jargon we have language patterns that amplify these effects. But in the neurology the hierarchy of the human nervous system everything starts with awareness and. Then the human neurology seeks to create a causal linkage from one event to the. Next when we understand the cause and effect language pattern we can hijack that mechanism we can make anything we want seem to cause anything we want want in the mind of the plausibility seems to be this the single biggest factor in determining the acceptance of a metaphor yes.

Um can we have a [Music] mic. I love questions. But they always make me. Chase squirrel um you said as long as it's possible the mind will follow what fiction what about it things that are way out of range if they're absorbed and transported it won't matter that's why we're we're talking about transportability there are six key elements that you need to build into your story and.

I'm also going to share with you basically a questionnaire you got to understand. I spent a lot of time dealing with personal injury attorneys professional influencers and personal injury attorneys spend an inordinate amount of time testing cases in other words before they actually go to trial they will bring in. Focus. Group after.

Focus. Group after focus group they will take the case that they've prepared along with the stories and the narrative and they will pres how effective their case is based on the responses of the focus group now if you understand effective if. First of all you need the report skills that we talk about in other in cpi1 or killer influence. But whatever report skills you have usually enough.

So if you've got. So. I've. I designed this primarily in that context that if you have a story that you're going to use for presentation if you were to assemble a group of people that are similar to the target audience as possible you follow these steps you present your story and you hand them this questionnaire you would have a way to effectively evaluate the transportational magnitude of the story now part of the story is always always going to be how it's connected how it's created the believability of the characters the other part is how you deliver it right.

Delivery makes a difference. But if the structure is correct the elements you want are there. Then you have the you you're stacking the deck in your favor for when you deploy these stories stories also. Prime people to take certain types of actions and.

C class that two class that. I teach we actually spend like a good half day deconstructing the stories and um transcripts of one of. T har veer's seminars and we show you step by step all the presuppositions all the embedded commands all the story priming inherent in what he's doing with the audience and how he's actually modeling behaviors and the actions that he wants people to take in those stories we just break it apart right. And usually it it it simultaneously terrifies and inspires people when you realize just how pervasive the people using the stuff professionally not teaching you how to do it.

But using it on you and how well that it drives and. TJ gets hot gets flashbacks every time because he was in the audience before he learned about this and he whipped out his credit card just like half the room and ran to the back and became a trainer under under. T recer. Anyway.

So let's look. At this transportability idea um again okay. Uh people inherently identify with the characters within the stories they read more identification equals more acceptance okay. And.

I'm kind of beating the dead horse with this. But these are the two things um by the way if you want to know the uhu universal psychology of. Attraction algorithm looks something like this proactivity identification affirmation. I'm sorry emotional appeal credibility and um affirmation when you you create emotional.

Addiction in people and we create what the psychoanalysts and psychotherapists call an unbalanced power. Dynamic where they become increasingly reliant on you and your opinions and this is where you can get people to do things that almost aren't always in their best interest. But as a therapist we can we can harness this idea to guide people through change workk processes make powerful changes in their lives and. Then give them their autonomy back right.

Notice what it starts with proactivity identification why because spies undercover agents and all the other bad guys. First thing they're going to do is they're going to research as much about. Their audience as possible why. So or person and they're going to create some form of credibility in their world usually it's a title like a doctor or.

Reverend or minister or teacher somebody older somebody richer somebody wealthier and. Then they're going to affirm they're going to take that person's side and befriend them and if that person gets picked on they're going to say hey don't worry about them you're fine the way you are they're the idiots sound familiar right. That's the formula. But notice what it starts with okay.

Um. So. Omega stories are designed to reduce the negative thoughts associated with a persuasive message while at the same time increasing the positive thoughts about a behavior attitude or object. So couple of things make your pro protagonist as likable by your target audience and the guy's.

Last name is. Snider it's not not me it's not a relative. But he's basically a professional screenwriter and copywriter he teaches classes on it now you've all seen movies where the hero of the movie is just playing a bad guy right. And.

Then at some some establishing moment in the beginning of this of the movie he's maybe he just robbed a bank or just shook. Down some idiot in a back alley somewhere and he's running out and he sees a little cat meow meow. Little. Hungry.

Cat and he's like cops are coming [ __ ] he. Scoops up the cat and he takes it home and he feeds it and you instantly like the bad guy right. That's that's the whole concept of save the cat. So even when the bad guy is the good guy make sure you put a device in the story that lets you know he did a bad thing.

But he's really not a bad guy or bad girl does that make sense save the cat make the protagonist as similar as possible to your target demograph the attitude to be transferred empathy and cognitive rehearsal of beliefs let's talk about this subjects actively feel and rehearse the experiences of the subject in their own minds and imaginations identifying with them and adopting the narrative in their own life okay. Let's go to transportability okay. Transportability as we talk about it is a measurement it's a measurement of how readily a story causes a person to become fully absorbed in it to the point where guys how many people have ever seen a movie all right. Cool it's a weird question right.

He's like no. I've never seen a movie [ __ ] you right. But you know you walk in you walk into that movie theater got your big bucket of popcorn in one hand best guy or best girl in the other walking down the aisle wondering which one's going to be more fun right. The lights go down curtain opens for the.

Next hour you became fully absorbed in it the answer should be no. Because if you could tell me when that happened it means you weren't absorbed. So transportability is a measurement of how rapidly that happens and how much of it you remember afterwards okay. GNA talk about these six characteristics is this useful.

So far okay. There are five areas where transportability is measured high transportability scores are predictive of how easily persuaded a person can be by a well constructive narrative. First of all cognitive attention how much attention is the subject actually paying to the story scale of 0 to 10 how much right. Uh was the subject mentally involved in the narrative all experiencing it seems simple emotional involvement how emotionally engrossed and connected is the subject to the story or do you actually share how it made the person feel maybe exhibit some of those emotions yourself right.

How much do you bring that story to life if you become emotionally involved in your story the readers the subjects can't help be become emotionally involved as well that's why. I tell anybody who wants to be an an. Unstoppable hypnotist take some acting classes specifically method acting and actors actors in terms of being in front of people and doing stuff are the the most powerful hypnotists on the planet okay. Their entire craft is designed to do one thing to take you out of your world and suck you into theirs in a pleasant enjoyable way right.

Take some lessons. Okay. Emotional involvement are they feeling the emotions of the subject or responding emotionally to the events in the story when you're telling this story and you get to a moment are they on the edge of their seat as you're getting to that. Cliffhanger are they are as you're building the suspense are.

I'm skipping ahead how badly does the subject want to find out what happens. Next. I told you guys in the copyrighting exercise what's the purpose of your headline to to suck them in and to get them to do what read the. First line what's the purpose of the.

First line of copy. Second line the. Second line you got and that's the whole point when you construct copy you want to engineer it in such a way that they have to find they want to find out what happens. Next and as long as you do that you will pull them deep deeper and deeper into absorption and transportability okay.

Now did. I give you guys a language pattern yesterday and because a bunch of you were here yesterday did. I give you guys a language pattern that sucks people in yes. Which one was that.

I don't know it was yesterday. ADB to presupposition right. What does it do it forces a person's internal experience to be exactly what you describe and. I gave you well the two words before and the one after the subject that was that's an algorithm that you use two in the front one in the back not what you think this is.

Vegas. I know. But it's not what you think right. Um some of you got that right.

Have a trance right. Um. So state of suspense how badly do they find want to find out what happens. Next right.

And. I. I actually kind of gave gave you a little bit of this when we talked about bullet points didn't. I when.

I talked about. I'm going to teach you the awareness language pattern. I'm going to teach you the cause and effect language pattern. I'm going to teach you the complex equivalence language pattern and everyone was like.

But. Then. I said what if you could what if you could magically. Force anything you want to mean anything you want in the mind of your listener what if you could secretly make anything you want cause anything you want in the mind of your does that make you want to find out more right.

It's the same idea these same. Concepts translate to any narrative okay. Any narrative we want to suck them in we want to create that state of suspense and give them a reason to keep going to what degree is a subject. So focused on the events occurring that they become unaware of everything else you've all had this experience when you were.

So engrossed in a movie somebody could have fired a gun off. Next to you you wouldn't have noticed we want that okay. My kids are the poster children for that okay. The minute the.

T. TV is on come to dinner come to dinner right. We've all been there mental imagery mental imagery do they vividly sorry let me read this here do they vividly picture the events of the story in their mind once again. I gave you a language pattern for that right.

Right. Gave you a language pattern for that when you're evaluating a story for yourself maybe you've heard a story maybe you created the story remember it's the hardest the hardest per the person least qualified to evaluate the power of your story is the person who wrote it and. So what's going to happen is every time you read that story you're going to fill in all the imperfections and all the neuro associations. So once you've created a story you got to sit on it for a little while you got to stick it in a drawer go you know drink a couple beers have a couple martinis you know do something different for a day or two come back and.

Then maybe be evaluated. But even. Then what. I would do is.

I would give the story to somebody else to read or read the story to somebody else and. Then have them give you feedback on these six these five uh characteristics and rate it scale of 0 10 and. Then of course the more the more people you test against that the more the more confidence you can have in the power of that particular story and one of the things that you want to begin to do if you're going to utilize story in your business in any way shape or form and. I take this directly from uh uh direct response copywriters who by the way are the best hypnotist in print on the planet especially the old school ones their entire job the entire job di before pre- internet days their job was to make you read it cut out the order form fill it out reach into your wallet pull out your checkbook.

Fill out the check put it in an envelope address the envelope put a stamp on it if you had stamps at home otherwise you had to go to the. Post. Office and. Then mail it and wait 6 weeks if they people can be successful you and under those conditions you guys have no.

Excuse on the internet right. But you have to remember that the steps have to be simpler they have to be smaller they have to be smoother. But the same principles apply um. Pam question for.

Pam hold on let's where's the [Music] microphone would it help to read from. Back to. Front yeah if you're going to edit it for for grammar for spelling things like that. But when you want to measure transportability because they're your words you're language of your audience remember we talked about going to.

Amazon going listening to the people who call you up how do they describe their problems what are the most common words they use it's all it's all shades of the echo technique right. And again the more it matches what's inside of the people the more absorbed. I.E transported they become does that make sense okay. Okay.

So. But if you if you're the only one who can evaluate your story give yourself a few days and maybe what you do is uh you do this a couple ways you could read it which may be dangerous in terms of getting an accurate evaluation you could read it into a tape recorder or an audio recorder and listen to it and see how you can improve it it's like oh if. I if. I put an adverb adjective precept here.

I could really generate or. I just more cause and effect or complex equivalence or or whatever if. I could just put a couple different phrases in there. I might get more out of that does that make sense by the story right.

If you can watch. Old. Yeller some of you don't even know who whole dealer was right. And not shed a tear you're a psychopath no.

Anyway that's my point think about these really emotionally gripping movies that's what we want it's emotion that changes mind not facts in fact the. Neuroscience behind that says that if without emotion you can't make a decision scientists took. Took. I think it was animals they did this with maybe they they also inspected or research people who have brain injuries.

But they they took. They took. Animals probably monkeys and they they literally disconnected with surgery the emotion parts of their brain and. Then they had these people try to make decisions and they couldn't their logical centers were perfectly intact.

But they could not make a decision thinking creatures we're animals who learn to think we feel the meat gets activated. Then the emotions. Then our thought patterns follow the feelings right. Did.

I want to learn how the story ends once again this goes to that whole suspension. Point did. I want to know even if. I wrote the story was.

I was. I like salivating to get to the end did. I want to know how it turned out right. How much attention were you paying to what was going on elsewhere in the room cuz most of us do this they put on a podcast or some [ __ ] and.

Then they go and wash dishes or laundry or or whatever think of all the times when the podcast just sucked you away from whatever you were doing you have an example of good transportability right. We want that we want people to get what get. So sucked in to what's happening that nothing else matters right. A lot of this will sound like repetition two biggest factors in maximizing transportability are the construction of the narrative and the delivery of the story okay.

Again. I can teach you the. I can teach you what to build in uh. I have classes for teaching you how to deliver it.

But whatever presentation skills you have use them okay. Transported subjects are less able to detect or even recall false notes in the story if even if some of your information is wrong contradictory statements inconsistencies and congruencies the greater the transportation the higher the acceptance rate of the messages within the narrative and the less analysis the subject can perform. Hence less resistance to the persuasive message now you guys had a sample of this yesterday didn't you when. I would rip some hypnotic language at you and you like you're like you're having a good time.

I just love listening to. David talk and. Then what did. I do language patterns.

But it was also kind of a narrative we want that power we want that ability because once a person is in that flow human beings are addicts to flow once they're in it they don't want to get out of it okay. Human beings are are never not in trance they're. State. Chasers they're always looking to go from one state to the.

Next state to the. Next state okay. Everything that's why we have the song. Hooked on a.

Feeling it's a reminder that every single thing human beings do is in search of a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of and there's always an order okay. I saw your hand. Muriel by the way uh can someone give her the microphone does it mean ideally if somebody doesn't remember what happened in the book. But they remember how they felt and they were transport right.

And you guys played with how many when we did the. W bam gra room slam uh during uh day three of identity by. Design the 302 gray room technique what did we do and know exactly where you were that's absorption right. Powerful powerful stuff was that trans you bet your ass human beings never not in trance remember that your job isn't putting people in trance is getting them out and into the state that's more useful okay.

Uh let's see here transported subjects tend to endorse the beliefs implied by. The. Narrative they tend to adopt beliefs that are consistent with those in the story independent of their initial attitude. So maybe you're a dieh hard right-wing.

SOB when you hear the story even if you're not a full you know maybe you're not a fully full convert to the cause by the end of the story you're a lot softer in your stance okay. It's never perceived as transportational the story the more powerfully it does that that without calling attention to itself that's one of. I gave that criticism many times uh this year. Last three years in a row four years.

Last four years. Last three of the. Last four years. I was.

B the number two. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org right. This year. I was number one thanks to you.

I appreciate that thank you. But. I'm very critical of. NLP very very often and the reason is is because.

NP is. So powerful some sometimes it's too powerful you can walk up to somebody and slam them with an. NLP technique and it's. So powerful they know you did something they may have no.

Clue what you did. But they know you did something and. So they automatically become reactant they dig psychologically mentally physically or emotionally they dig their heels in the sand and they start looking for your angle right. That creates defensiveness and they start want to take.

So when you're dealing with good. NLP they should never feel the push unless you intentionally want them to how does that relate to this stories never trigger that alarm just telling the story another example how many people here have ever been little children okay. Cool how many people here when you were a little child play pretend right. Now how many.

Tom boys do we have in the room cool how many. Tom girls. I'm from. California.

I have to ask right. In the backyard you're 5 years old playing forend now how many people were super soldiers right. Maybe you're. Rambo or maybe.

Captain. America or. Wonder. Woman superheroes any superheroes cool how about any girly girls playing teacups with.

Teddy it's okay. No. Jud judgement. I've done it.

I have two daughters. I have no. Choice right. How many of you talk back we have meds for you it's okay.

So you're in the backyard right. You're 5 years old and you decide you're going to play your favorite imagination game maybe we'll use for ex just as an example we're going to play. Soldier right. You pick up a stick in your backyard right.

And for the. First 5 minutes that you're playing with that stick consciously you know it's just a stick 6 and a half minutes. Later it's a real. M60 you're really.

Rambo and there's really bad guys out there and going k k kill die k k kill die right. Let me ask you a question were you really seeing those [ __ ]. I mean in your head were you really seeing them you really shoot him right. Were you asleep the answer is no.

Hopefully were you absorbed in what you were were you having a ball food right. All you have to do to get any change you want in people is induce that stories do that automatically. So even if you know consciously that there's an agenda behind the story within three to five sentences absorption is going to kick in when. Richard teaches nested.

Loops. I used to love going to watch. Richard hey everybody should uh. First of all if you have never trained in.

NLP get your prac certification before you go see. Richard because it's like watch it's like you don't know anything about music and you're watching a master perform you you love the music. But you don't really understand the skill he's applying because you don't have that that repertoire right. So get your.

PRACK training. First. Then go see. Richard and watch most people just go to sit in the room with.

Richard and let him program them right. But what what what's funny to me. So of and they never do why because he nests stories he'll tell one story and. Then he'll start another story and.

Then he'll start another story and three stories in you are back in the 5-year-old playing. Brit playing soldier you have no. Clue what's what and. Then he'll close them in reverse order we'll teach you that in our presentation skills class um.

But it's the same thing he's going to he's going to create this complete cognitive absorption in what he's doing and. Then he's going to use that to deliver. Amplified suggestion on multiple levels simultaneously the you know there's the the content side of it the story that you get swept up in. Then there's the internal structure and the behaviors of the story that.

Prime what actions they want you to take and. Then there's the amplifiers the subtle language shifts and presuppositions layered in there that push it even further. So when you try to unpack. Richard good luck just go and get programmed okay.

Done he says come and see me privately. So. I can close all the loops. I opened ah cuz it's what he does he opens.

Loops throughout the. First few days of the training he layers all kinds of suggestions in there and. Then he closes them in the order that he gave them and you have amnesia for all the direct suggestion you can do that too you should be doing it. But you need to understand the structure and the in the inner architecture of what you're doing and why you're doing it does that make sense okay.

And by the way we're not going to be talking about nested. Loops in this class more than what we've just done pre-existing beliefs this is weird right. You wouldn't think this pre-existing beliefs do not affect. Transportation.

I'm talking super fascist rightwing you're. D died in the. W communist you stay in the room you listen to the story it's not going to matter you're going to get sucked in something's going to get installed counter the more cumulative that effect we call that the law of compounding right. Fact or fiction seems to make no.

Difference subjects belief about whether the narrative was fact or fiction had no. Impact on either. Transportation or the. Endor.

I can highlight this for you the endorsement and. Adoption of beliefs this is the. Neuroscience okay. This is the social psychology this is not.

Ericson making up a tomato story metaphor this is what the science is showing us when these six factors are in play and you facilitate. Transportation it doesn't matter matter if it's true it doesn't matter if they have a diametrically opposed belief system it will reduce the resistance to your message okay. I tell people people go through the life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back that's what this is the theory that blank hit plausibility that was was just on the the screen it was just like the theory that blank is the biggest. Factor it was supposed to be a test yes.

Exactly supporting the theory that plausibility is the biggest factor in whether the message is accepted true or not okay. Um assessing transportability here's what we're going to do. I'm going to go through this checklist really quick we're going to take a 10-minute break when we come back we're going to start on ninja stories we're going to show you the six or seven techniques that when you tell a story now again. I saved ninja stories for.

Last because if you can't tell a good story this year it ain't going to help you right. If you can't facilitate absorption in the narrative they're not going to listen right. So when we come back from our break we'll go through these. I'll show you how they work how to layer them in.

So whatever stories you have you can start to embed these now another thing another loop. I'm going to close real quick take a take a uh a lesson a swipe file is a file where they keep copies of sales letters emails stories that worked whether they worked for you or they worked for somebody else and whenever they need to create copy or to have a story for a situation they go through their file they find the one that seems to be the best fit and. Then they use that as a template and modify it for that audience or that. Target.

I'm going to recommend if you're going to be someone who's going to be us stories professionally that you begin the process of of creating. Your. Own. Story files and stories can from one category can easily be modifi modified to.

Other. Stories right. You just emphasize different things in the story. But when you have them you're never you're never at a loss does that make sense okay.

In fact if you w if you go back and you watch a lot of my. YouTube videos you'll see me telling the same stories over and over and over again why because they work it's not random it's tested the transportive capacity of a story or narrative assessing how uh prone to a transportation a subject may be ask them the following questions now some of these are the can. I easily. Envision the events of the story 0 to9 can.

I find or lose myself in the story is it how do. I find it difficult to tune out activities around me now this particular one is actually reversed and what what. I mean by that is um the higher up the scale you go it means the less you were. So how how much do.

I lo do. I do. I forget okay. And if you want.

I can. I can probably. P post this. So you have it okay.

Uh. I find it diffic do. I find it difficult to tune out activities around me again the the lower on the scale the better off right. So being.

I have no. Difficulty tuning the [ __ ] around me out nine us. I have an extreme difficulty tuning [ __ ] [ __ ] being a technical term mind you um. So you just can't stop thinking about it we want that cuz every time you think about it you you revisit it and you reinforce it.

I'm often impatient to find out how the story ends. I find. I can easily take the perspective of the characters in the story once again goes to identification. I'm often emotionally affected by what.

I've read you think this might be a useful questionnaire for. H. A prospective hypnosis client yeah right. I have vivid images of the characters.

I find myself accepting events. I might otherwise have considered unrealistic don't we do that all the time i' ever read. Peter. Pan right.

I find myself thinking about the other ways the story could have ended my mind often wanders once again 0 to nine if my mind wander is zero is my mind doesn't wander at all right. I often find that reading stories often has an impact on the way. I see things. I easily identify with characters in the story and.

I have the. S the five elements of transportability combined with identification and these abilities to gaug and assess the impact of that story are major tools where we can create very powerful narratives that reduce resistance to what we're saying and. Then we can add into those the ninja techniques that. NLP loves to use with story okay.

Before we take our break um do we have any questions about what we've covered yes. Examp do you have a good example of aega story not handy okay. Not handy um. But um if you if you read.

Eric n's book. There's. I might actually. I can look.

Through the rest of the manual and see if. I have something that would do double duty for that and share it with you. But again like. I said if this is the scope of everything.

I'm cherry-picking big time right. Um okay. And what. I'd like you to do with that little red notebook.

I'd like you to take the pen out and on the. First page. I'd like you to write your name address email and phone number and and the reason for that. So.

I told you. I had some gifts for you guys [Music] oops. So usually. I hand these out to the group.

So they they have a listing of them. But we didn't have enough time to get enough copies made for everybody. So. I'm just going to read this to you this is a copy of our our events calendar for 2020 2021 and we will be adding and modifying events.

So there will be more coming uh in the back of this catalog is also all of the video the the fulllength video courses that we have available for you um and and. Stephanie. I might give a make a copies of this and leave them at. Stephanie's desk.

So you can have it. But uh if you were to go to. Mondo supro. I.

Want. It. All packet it's option. D what you'll see is is a training program a package that we're offer $500 or less if you would want to get that today it's $ 27.94 um your choice of any two full length video courses which are usually three five 7day courses valued at 1497 or less you get to choose any two and your choice of any five smaller digital products usually around 497 and below is where that starts um if you were to try to buy this from the website today the total package price would be $7,999 and.

I'm not telling you this because. I'm trying to sell it to you. I'm um. I'm telling you this because someone in this room today is going to go away with one of them we're going to have a raffle and one lucky person is going to get a.

Mondo supro package. So they can come and train and get a lot of cool videos absolutely free it's my gift okay. So what. I need you to do.

I need you to fill out your name address and email pass them to the large bearded man right. Here he'll come around for those of you who care um my website. NLP power.com uh has been for the past few days uh has been running a flash sale and um. I'd like to give you guys an opportunity to get some good stuff for half price would that be okay.

So all you need to do is go to and write this down on the. Second page of your of your notebook. You go to www.lpower.com and this applies to any product on the website you can't stack this with other discounted items. But um if you want one of our fulllength video courses or there's something that you're interested in um you use the coupon code hot flash 2020 at www.lpower.com coupon code hot flash 2020 by the way at hypn thought said got that this is the only group.

I've offered it to. So those of you at home this might be cool for you cuz like you can't be in the raffle sorry. But. I think it's important that you know we give to each other as much as we can.

So um make that a little bit smaller. So www. nlpp power.com 50% off every course in the store and you can buy multiple courses um hot flash 2020 is your coupon code. So. Seth where did.

Seth go you still collecting stuff collecting the okay. Cool cool we'll do that again right. Before we break um for the for our class we'll do that right. Before uh.

So let's go ahead and take a 10-minute break. I know it's a little short take a 10-minute restroom break when we come back we're going to jump into ninja stories okay.
