Title: NLPPOWER MASTER MIND MENTORING NEW YEARS DAY VIDEO MARATHON PT 7
File Name: _mOdSOeR5wM.txt
Video Id: _mOdSOeR5wM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mOdSOeR5wM

Yeah. I know now the interesting thing about touch is again we have this whole concept of mirror neurons and treatment all of these things if all. I did was rocking back and forth and. Then.

I go into all. Thursday those things tend to happen only were that easy right. This is called the magic finger induction it wasn't when we started over. First time he came to an erotic erotica knows his class he had a major block about going into trance couldn't look.

I literally brought him up spun it became hyper response count from one to five as. I count the one if. I was like. I have a little vibration.

County amplification settings on the back of the chair. So what is like the lowest setting that's what you're feeling now. But. Then every time.

I go to orgasm chair that's right. Instruction. But you've never hear me get up to yourself or to anybody in this room. Wow ee oh oh yes.

In fact am. I breaking up here in this very chair no. I'll show you. Kate after this the discipline of psychometry well the people handle objects they leave vibrational imprints now the woman before him was in that chair was having a massive grand mal orgasms just to give you context he was lunches go on overloaded they go in hyperdrive and you may begin to discover impressions.

But rising up somewhere inside that chair and you may begin to notice yeah maybe my instructions to. Kate and we may be located responses that's right. It's almost like you are. Kate instant transgender and.

Then double it again that's right. Yeah and the and deeper stuff that's right. [Music] excellent gentlemen now get rid of. Justin.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from the state only if the radius be that you realize that you can go with this forth easily into these experiences or even deeper every word. I speak every moment you hear the sound of your voice powerfully reinforces my eyes. Accelerates and.

Jeff makes better everything you've learned. So far that's right. Half the women they're moving as they're going along for the ride their defenses are down they're in it it's why the demo is never for the person in the chair number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one that knows that it is really really really really big gnosis is easy it's fun. So most fun you can have with your clothes on sometimes for almost back and clear mind clear thinking and acting with the comms on the shirts feeling good all over glad to be alive oh by the way that site is one of the core two on the.

Next counter you will explode out of trance organically knowing deep down inside your mind body and soul it's only when you get that number five whoa big round applause. But wait there's more this is the guy almost killed he's not a little person. I swear. I killed him.

I swear. I'm going to [ __ ] jail. I'd send myself in all the ways that are right. For you now.

I don't know which one like the best. But your unconscious mind of the moment. I'm gonna flip that switch that's right. You want to take this chair home without your noticing how good you feel it's only any better you're going to discover that guess it gnosis is in fact this easy the greatness of realigning all the elements and.

Later is that it knows this is hard right. Now the only thing that's hard you're plenty discover that when it's time to perform in a physical way no. My man's gonna turn down that suggestion where were your partner up with whoever you work with they're gonna need a stress test because you were going to be. So large and in charge.

So in control. So masculine. So we're in control of every aspect. But when you make love when you communicate when you connect with a woman in a way that makes sure to truly love and savor it and satisfy your gonna meet her checklist you're gonna match it completely take it away and the best part is that's right.

That's your reward we're putting in woman's pleasure of your own you'll be able to. Last as long as you want and just get stronger that's right. Easily naturally automatically for all the right. Reasons it's just not as powerful and it's night one you sleep in while you dream make all the necessary adjustments on a psychological level an emotional level a physiological level that allow you to function and be the man you want to be have more control and more fun and more pleasure all at the same time and the best part is every time you arrive to supposes all the other stuff gets doubled all that other stuff you get to amplify.

So the more people you hypnotize. Yeah right. That's four there's five settings something it only gets more intense that's right. Deeper and deeper and.

Finally before you realize it. But you can't hold it anymore trance only iterating the speed that every level of your body line is fully accepted integrated and it's implementing these suggestions and every time you successfully kill them like going to jail death by orgasm always doing three. But gonna be sneaking this chair back to their room guaranteed right. So the secret here again.

I see motion. John. John that's right. The secret once again is just directly retention somewhere now one of the best example it's okay.

You can come too [Music] the audience is a little prime now apparently there's one had to get this chair than anything. But when. I was dating before he went into a profound ecstatic state was that one of the best examples of someone who leaves note blips on the radar once you three guys open wide awake that's right. Very good one of the things that we have to whatever you want somebody getting ready to do and keep in mind it's like.

I'm teaching. I'm teaching instant inductions. But. I'm using erotic transfer you know it mean it's it's it's part of our it would be no.

Different if. I were teaching therapeutic work right. But. I want you to pay attention to my state it's fun it's playful its light-hearted it's not creepy it's not like nurse.

Nancy nurse. Nancy it's very important that you when you're guiding people through erotic scenarios you don't take on that creepy lusty energy understand it changes that it changes how they interpret what you're saying right. This also goes with storytelling the more emotionally compelling the story the more the more not necessarily flat. But the more restrained you want to be when telling it because if you go over-the-top people have a certain emotional tolerance and.

Then it's too much and they have them they get reactant. So and that's amplified in a hypnotic context right. And. So that's one that it's get it goes to state control right.

Because people get. So into what they're doing it starts to leak out in their bursts and they're in their tonality in their gestures they're the words that they use you notice. I don't do. I don't use a lot of swearing or profanity how you come with that's that's as that's as graphic as it gets if you really think about and you think about my normal presentation style.

I'm dropping f-bomb left and right. Notice what. I do here these are all things that are in the background that that lead to that ability to create an environment that's fun and safe and playful and exploration 'el and that's really the idea the idea is to explore the realm of pleasure and that's kind of where. I teach it for couples and and things like that is to just explore what you can do with these things right.

It's not about it's not about power exchange. I mean you can get into that if you want. But those are more the lifestyle and fetish kinds of things and that's what not that's not what this is although you can use it as a bridge if that's where you want to go ok. So right.

Like say let's take. John see rhyme about induction and. I'm like a 10 year veteran this is what you see when you see people undo again right. And you keep going by the entire room was like this he's male and female remember it's a sudden unexpected loss of physical or mental equilibrium and you're telegraphing that [ __ ] that's why 80% of your stuff doesn't work right.

So magic finger induction is very very simple look. At the finger follow it asleep do you sleep all the way down that's right. Oh wait a minute deeper still that's right. Let me dream a new clothing line as secret as.

I said in there attention one way you saw me kill the one guy. So like we can watch this and we can look. At 50 shades of grey room which is a little bit longer a little bit more intense. But it's in the feminine side.

So. I don't know if people are interested in that or not 30 minutes left okay. Somebody's before we do that is do the orgasm bazooka real quick now this particular clip what was a very short clip and what and in this particular training one of the one of the participants was actually a professional dominatrix and she was kind of always in my face like always being smartass and whatever how did we get monetization on that one all right. And.

So this is. I'm getting ready to break them for lunch cheese just giving me lip right. Doesn't matter what your client believed this was. Steven.

Steven. Smith or. Steven. Frederick guys no.

Stable with the beer hear me. Katie this was his. First training that's him in the front row she's the. Dominator of to believe why she was a hyper responder to which he wouldn't think that word obedience and compliance get rid of it no.

None of the good you do in the world happens until the client does what you say nothing good in the bedroom happens until the subject does what you say get over it that makes sense and very cool what time you wanted at lunch it is quarter hour ten minutes till twelve you jump down will face that every time of this was it fun it's going to get better okay. We build a foundation we just keep going. So. First question you didn't answer when do you want to launch they didn't want to go to.

London they just wish they only had a two-day training. So they wanted to get maximum immersion we're not catering. So yeah it's a good question of course is how long and lunch do you want it's your training guys. I mean alcohol also you guys is full of stuff as.

I can 45 minutes this is est group. I like that they squeezed me into a 50-minute session you want an hour actually if some of you want to go she said let's go bring lunch back guys a whole new connection to the word playing with your food. But. Anyway [Music] okay.

This is technically take an hour you guys want to come back and start earlier get more reps in that's fine okay. So we're gonna go real quick we got ten minutes till twelve where are you going you need to release something you know what's happening don't you look. Into my eye wait for it just rushes through every level of your mind and body each time you climax it happens again stronger than the time before that's that's conditioning with pleasure [Music] you gotta have fun okay. So yeah orgasm bazooka our energy hypnosis tips orgasm bazooka lunch 50 shades of gray room this one's long.

So if you guys have to be somewhere or you want to focus on other thing and not hold on a. Second where are you let's do this [Music] there we go. So here now what's funny about this one is while. I was while.

I was working with. Kate the the back of the room was where the it was way back there. But they were having a regression in class. Next door.

Roy. Roy what's his name who's the big regression guy for the for. HGH. Anyway.

Anyway he was he was him and his partner we're doing a regression session and all of a sudden case starts having these grand mall orgasmic responses. So he sent his partner over to tell us to keep it down a little bit. So he walks in he's at the back of the room and he's like he just can't look. Away he said.

First thing comes he goes and he you don't see it. But it's very still. I just. I think.

I nod to him or whatever and. Then he's trying to leave the room and he's like he can't find the door okay. Because he can't look. Away right.

So. Anyway it's on. YouTube you can we can watch it. I don't want to take too much time because this is a long one because it's a whole great room process in addition.

But what you'll see when you watch it is you'll see we do the basic you know we start by eliciting and anchoring and pleasure and orgasmic responses usually it's best to do something like a drug of choice type induction where you're doing something that's pleasurable. But not there yet and you move them through it in stages and. Then you just start linking the pleasure release to burning up the [ __ ]. So every time they take something out of the gray room.

I'll throw it in the fire when a fire rushes up they climax and. So they get the more they throw that [ __ ] in the fire the more orgasmic they become the more oxytocin they release the more plastic the system gets and you have this spiraling effect in terms of neuroplasticity right. But you have to get people in a playful enough state and a safe enough state that they're willing to go there right. And you have to also understand that not everybody are super strong responders like this that doesn't mean they're not having intense experiences they're just not showing it all right.

So a lot of times when people come into an erotic of. Knossos training in their partners and having these grand mal seizure level orgasm they think they're failing they're not not every woman responds that way right. So whatever level you get is good enough one of the one of the biggest challenges when people see these kinds especially like the females where. I don't know if.

I can respond like that you don't need to. But you're still going to try because that's what you saw. So that's what your neurology and prints on as the standard you'll see this also if you ever get in front of an audience and you demonstrate something like spinning you bring somebody up and they have a 9 on a 10 scale and you spin it it goes from 9 to gone like zero one session from that moment on everybody you bring up or work with will tend to go from whatever they're at to zero if you bring them up and you go from a nine to a seven from a 7 to a 5 from a 5 to a three from a three tool that's what people will do they will respond based on the template. So it's always it's always a good idea to make your show your demonstration of power a spectacular and early yeah cos fig gotta fix it right.

Which is why a lot of people don't do demos i train my people to be prepared for anything. So when the demo happens they roll up their sleeves okay. Let's go right. That's that's we train for the real world and nothing is gonna demonstrate your ability and skill as an authority on your subject and bringing somebody up and just fixing their [ __ ] no.

Matter what happens and that means being prepared because the universe will will throw monkey wrenches. I remember one time. I went to hip no. Thoughts on the very.

I think it was 2014 maybe 2013 and my talk was on attractive ation utilizing the law of attraction to manifest. I bring somebody up for the manifestation demonstration she has a complete meltdown abreaction. I spent 45 minutes of the hour doing therapy in a manifestation workshop okay. And.

I did it well and the audience was like oh my god. But you know most people would have just tried to put the genie back in the bottle. I don't. I don't.

Igor's people you know. I don't want to talk bad about eager. But a lot of my students have said that when when people have reacted igor's class he he ignores it or he puts it back in the bottle or circumvents around it or don't because that's gonna demonstrate your [ __ ] more than anything else right. Hidden you are an agent of transformation anytime anywhere under any circumstances right.

You never know when you're gonna be called on. I've had to use emergency hypnosis three times in my life twice on the same person right. One time. I was at hitting the thoughts.

I was teaching a class on conversational hypnosis. Scott stanlon walks in says. I need your help he walks me out he goes we have a pregnant woman in the lobby and she's having pains. I'm like why are you calling me yes.

Because you're the closest thing to a doctor that. I know and. So. I literally walked in and the woman.

I was having pains this was her. Second or. Third child. I think she had called the emergency room they said don't it's not a big deal like they just they just wouldn't treat her or whatever she's gonna get ahold of a physician she was like basically freaking out in the lobby and.

So. I just walked up. I said the worst is over point to where you feeling took. It away completely completely fine by the end of the day it was all over all over him no.

Thoughts how. I saved this woman who was on fire from being good they got. So blown out of it you know. But.

But it was literally true they just you just handle it right. You know and and. I have many of my students have stories where something happened and they just dealt with it because they were they were there they knew what to do and they had been trained well yeah right. You know.

I tell the story about the lady who came to add any by design in 2015 nice nice lady from. Hawaii went through the training she's on her way home from from the training she's she's in the airport waiting to go guy in line ahead of her is a veteran returning from the war and has a complete post-traumatic meltdown episode some kind of flashback or something like that you're getting ready to call the cops on him they're getting ready to drag him out she walks up she goes point where you feel it spud that [ __ ] away he followed her from the airport until she got on the plane and and he was happened to be on the same plane and he just made sure she was like her bodyguard for the entire time when they got off the plane in. Hawaii he gave her as wounded warrior jacket right. Nice lady you know late or early 50s probably little grandma type you might think.

But saw a guy in need and did was necessary because the [ __ ] works all right. As long as your state controls right. And you can get him to do what you want them to do it'll work none of these. So let me say in the video none of the good you have is accessible until the client does what you tell them to do they don't have to believe they just have to comply and it worked right.

So that being said let me go back to my list yes. You only got 15 minutes or less. So when we talk about. Bengston now you guys know the basic the basic image cycling process yes.

Where you create a list of things you selfishly want you imagine what would you like to have it and what you would do if you had it and. Then you would imagine what you would do if you had that and. Then you compress all those good feelings and all those those experiences into a keyword or a phrase or a symbol and you put it on a list and you cycle through those those keywords as rapidly as you can that's the basic image cycling process now the hacks that. I use when.

I'm working with this and when. I'm working with groups especially one of the things that you want to remember is it goes back to. VA. Kog visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory every desire that you have can be broken down into five channels of information that delineate the structure of that experience most of us have a have two coding systems that we work with one is default in other words you come out of the factory with this in place the other is idiosyncratic it's one we developed how we customized like if.

I say point to a member of time in your life when you fell immense pleasure if there were a picture pointing in the space around you a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it reach out and touch the picture go ahead all of you just reach out and touch a picture notice you're all reaching out to a different spot that's your idiosyncratic coding system. However if you take that picture shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp and throw it behind you what happens what happened how many of you one way that's your stock coding system. I didn't tell you what would happen every one of you had a very similar experience why because your neuro bio reach back and grab it bring it up here and put it where you want it exactly because that's superior thinking once you can examine the structure of an experience and evaluate it you can decide what to do with it that's what. Richard two-truck that's what he means when he talks about superior thinking right.

I have a thought. I have a feeling. I have a memory. I know where.

I feel it. I have the. I have the file. I evaluate it well.

I get this way like. I feel like it where. I like it and. Then poof fix it in the place put it in the filing cabinet system runs it runs the program right.

The more you do it the more plastic you're going to become the more user-friendly that system gets and that's exactly what you do with each thing on your image cycling list. First thing you're gonna do is semantically bridge when you think about what it is you want you're gonna point to where you feel a feeling connected to it you're gonna reach out you're gonna touch the picture. Then you're gonna trace the outline of the picture physically with your hands. So you know how big it is you're going to manipulate it physically with your hand you're gonna make it bigger you're gonna make it smaller you're gonna move it closer you're gonna move further away you're gonna find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling of the exact intensity level that you want it to have and you're gonna fix it into place and experience that work done move on to the.

Next thing because what you want is maximum emotional and neurological engagement in each of those lists before you start cycling and it's the act of managing and manipulating that that blocks it in okay. And. So a lot of times when we make a picture of something we want it's this [ __ ] big right. Our default picture is small and as far away because why because it's it's not real for us yet.

So we have to change the code to do that and. So what. I do is. I go through each thing on my list and.

I play with the sub modalities and the locations and. I find the optimal feeling as intense as. I can stand it and. I change the filing cabinet.

Then as. I go through my list. I cycle through those faster and faster that's it all. I'm doing once.

I've established my list is. I'm amplifying or modifying the sub modalities and. Then. I'm going back to my list in cycling and.

I only cycle for as long as. I feel pleasure. So image cycling is about things you selfishly want and are emotionally connected to understand doesn't matter how many times you do it as long as you're feeling pleasure doing it right. This is a big secret cycle a lot faster and faster.

But continue to feel good okay. Then you can add other bells and whistles. Later on. But that's the process that makes sense okay.

And this segues us into this whole idea of time codes your time codes your way you sort time is based entirely on your sub modalities okay. Even basic timeline interventions are just variations on sub modality interventions do you guys know what. I mean when. I say sub modalities.

I don't know if. Jeff if you're familiar with sub modalities or not okay. Some modalities are visual auditory kinesthetic and olfactory channels of information. So if you would see a movie in your head as you pay attention to the movie you most of most of the time you're paying attention to the story.

But as you look. At the story is the story in color or black and white is it moving or is it still are the images clear fuzzy those distinctions are visual sub modalities they're building blocks of the overall experience. But they're not expressly the content they manipulate the way you experience the content does that make sense okay. So within every thought whatever within every memory that we have we have five building blocks think of them think of the white light prism analogy white let comes in it's refracted into five channels of information those channels are reconstituted kind of like a reference beam and an object beam in a hologram right.

Only there's five of them right. And all of a sudden now we're back to holographic memory aren't we. But the. NLP didn't take us far enough because it left the body out it left somatic engagement out a lot of bad a lot of grillers.

Later stuff started in reintegrate kinesthetics. But it still wasn't as the user friendly as a bottom line is we can manipulate how we experience a memory or a thought by changing the visual colors the clarity the movement the locations and we store it all those things we can amplify or diminish how we experience that memory and that's the most important thing to understand the order in sequence of sub modalities the visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory are analogous to the parts of the brain if you think of a firing sequence in. SPARC on an engine or spark plugs right. That's kind of like this the firing sequence those are what we use to generate behaviors we use sub modalities within each channel to generate our experience and if you look.

At the way. I organize it. I don't really this gets a little bit deep. But if we look.

At. VA kog right. Okay. If we look.

At the. VA kog the sequence of this. ABCD this is going to generate a behavior okay. So if if.

I'm a visual auditory kinesthetic let's say. I'm gonna do. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go to a seminar.

First thing is. I'm going to watch a video. I'm gonna talk to somebody about it and. I'm gonna get a feeling good or bad about whether.

I want to go forward and. Then. I'm gonna act on it that's a. VA case strategy that's what.

NLP calls a strategy you have a strategy for every behavior that you do. But within within this idea you have again these other distinctions like black and white versus color right. Movement versus still fuzzy versus clear and these would all be distinctions within the visual. Channel right.

So what you have is when you go laterally across the table you have the sequence that integrate that creates behavior when you look. At the individual channels you have the coding system for experience and those two systems interact we're not studying them interactively here we're studying each subsystem individually because they both affect very different aspects of the human experience one affects what we do the other the other influences how we experience them and we can change our experience by changing the sub-module ''tis all right. That's why when you took. That picture and you moved it behind you it went away because on the basic neurological level anything that moves past the spinal cord if you divide the body in two hemispheres forward hemisphere posterior hemisphere anything that's in the forward hemisphere is an open file on your desktop that's running it's using up resources yeah okay.

Anything that travels beyond the spine the body starts to automatically categorize as overdone or complete alright. So when you take that sub mode out and you move it back there it's a default code and the vast majority of you that ship will just go away right. Now remember there's this is again one of the things that kind of differentiates my approach. NLP says it's all one code or you're all y'all have your own unique code and that's it's different for everybody not true there's a tremendous amount of generalization from one human neurology to know that's why you can run other people's codes.

But we come in with certain default settings and. So when. I teach and when. I work and.

I'm teaching influence or whether. I'm teaching healing. I always work with the neurological predispositions of the system. I go with the current stead of against it as a hypnotist you can suggest for any phenomenon you want even if it goes against what the neural the neurology is predisposed to do.

But it's gonna be harder work. So if. I know that your neurology is predisposed to calibrating and organizing things that's done when. I move it behind you.

I'm gonna actually be better off using that organic neurology. Then forcing the finding the place in your in your forward hemisphere that was true once. But no. Longer true and putting it in there and hoping it sticks right.

Both they're useful. But when. I'm working with a whole group and all of a sudden everybody around is having the same exact experience from doing the exact same thing is like oh my god it must be real and. I don't have to suggest for it you understand.

I can say move it behind you tell me what happens and reliably 80 90 100 percent of them says it's gone that's an aha moment for people right. And it becomes immediately useful if you understand it as a tool not just a parlor trick if you employ it as an aspect of this is part of who. I am and what. I can do with my nervous system and it becomes usable it comes workable.

So yes. So basically these five are internal representations and they're called modalities and we did them these are sub modalities how people represents a visual how far is the picture how they wear. LEDs and sub modalities that's how yeah. I love jargon that completely confuses people right.

It's one of things. I'm moving away from we're not when. I when. I create nomenclature and we it's impossible to not.

I try to make the technique sound the the name of the technique sound like what it does right. Because if a person can't can't relate sub modality or modality to what it's gonna cause confusion and that's again because people are trying to be erudite instead of eloquent or elegant right. They try to use fancy words and to be very precise in their language by using very long multi syllabic words that actually create more confusion than they eliminate because only very erudite people have that vocabulary right. Your job is to make everything you do completely understandable by the person you're talking to because if they can't understand you they can't connect with you if they can't connect with you they certainly won't obey you okay.

So again used you know. I'd like to my choice it. Trump it use very small three-letter words full of emotion and you're gonna get the vast majority of people even the academics it doesn't generalize the other way right. So don't be afraid to drop the f-bomb it works works well right.

Just don't do it in congruently if it's not your normal way of speaking don't try and throw an f-bomb in there because you heard me do it or. Tony. Robbins do it right. Bu you do you right.

I'll drop an f-bomb anywhere and. I have to write because it's just who. I am sometimes. I live to regret it right.

But as if by and large if you're congruent with it it just goes by people like how many of you been to my secrets of internal power training you have right. Who cool my coat were you there this year all right. This year. I had two very special guests in my tournament.

Grandmaster. Chris. Thomas and. Grand.

Master. Leo. Fong. Grand.

Master. Leo. Fong was. Bruce.

Lee's best friend both of them are retired. Lutheran ministers yep and if you want. I was dropping the f-bomb like it was nobody's business they didn't bat an eye right. Most people like we're gonna use a minister right.

Be authentic if that's how you communicate you know be tbo and if you drop the f-bomb and it's appropriate apologize and if it's inappropriate apologize right. If it isn't inappropriate and it feels inauthentic to apologize don't remember it's impossible to not offend somebody in fact if you try to not offend somebody you're gonna wind up offending yourself okay. Because you won't like the person staring back at you in the mirror right. So all right.

We got three minutes did. I miss anything great room. I gave. Stephen a process to follow he has all these techniques.

So gray room. Magik frame magic circle image cycling right. That would be a very good way to clear [ __ ] and program your future right. I know.

Jeff this all new. But he's highly trained in this veronica's highly trained er that they can bring you up to speed on it. I've talked about. Bengston we talked about erotic hypnosis and did.

I answer camis questions we got regarding erotic hypnosis is he she's timecodes of you know going back to time codes again. So remember time in your life when you experienced the kind of time distortion that you want to have notice where in your body you feel it reach out touch the picture start manipulating the sub modalities and you will reliably start to re-enter that state now if you try it now here's the problem with that just as a quick the one thing you must do is you must become absorbed in the state you can't sit there and evaluate how deeply in the state you are because the part of you that's trying to do the evaluation that keeps you out of time. Distortion time distortion involves a level of absorption that precludes analysis of the experience. So if you find yourself and analyzing the experience or the depth that you're having it you're not in it.

So you won't realize you've done it until you've come out of it as a rule right. So when you set anchors flip the anchor go into state do what you got to do and. Then unset the anchor and notice how time changes. But don't try to notice how time is changing while you're in the state you'll blow yourself out of it right.

There are physiological ways to enter time distortion we teach those in the martial arts trainings. But if you're working primarily from sub modalities which is where. Terri. Ann's coming from and a lot of you are coming from its sub modality work right.

For every cycle emotional state that you have there's a structure to it right. You can address that somatically you can address that cognitively if you can do both like our clarity drills teach you to do you got the best of both worlds yes. How to get to secondary gain is there any reason why you might want to keep it it's okay. To get rid of it is there any reason why you two questions is it okay.

To get rid of it is there any reason why you might want to keep it the minute you get hesitation you know they've got a secondary gain you go right. To magic frame thirty. Second ladies and gentlemen well thank you all for coming if. I don't see you or talk to you before the new year have a.

Merry. Merry. Christmas an amazing new year we will see all of you in 2020 sign up call. Stephanie and harass her if you want to do face reading.

On. January 10th through the 12th we have like five or six seats left for that we have killer influence coming up. January 26 to the 28th is that what you said. TJ 23rd to the 2026 okay.

The number to reach out and get and get your seat reserved is eight five eight two eight two four six six three you can also reach out to. Stephanie at. NLP power comm and she'll be happy to process you answer any questions that you have. I love you all god bless we'll see you.

Next time [Music].
