Title: NLP Success Secrets - How To Clear Blocks To Success, Overcome Barriers and Remove Fear Pt.1
File Name: _R_EHCkBR0s.txt
Video Id: _R_EHCkBR0s
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_R_EHCkBR0s

Right. So it is our official start time. I think. I got off on a tangent there.

But while we're waiting for the rest of the people to trickle in welcome to my world won't you come on in my name is. David. Snyder welcome to. NLP power slash.

NLP today just as a quick for my edification how many of you tonight is it your. First experience with the madness and. Mayhem that is me raise your hand it's okay. Okay.

A couple of things about hand grazing tonight this means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't call on me right.

This means yes. This means no. There will be a test okay. Um let's see if swearing profanity colorful metaphors.

Politically. Incorrect metaphors or the word boobies offends you the out. I do not my intention is never to offend anyone. But my intention is to provoke as many people as humanly possible why because until you've provoked it you don't know where the problems are you got landmines you know about you have two sets of beliefs every single one of you in this room has two sets of beliefs now they're gonna say oh yeah.

I know positive and negative no. That's not how it works. I wish it was you have two sets of beliefs the beliefs you know about and the beliefs you don't and it's the beliefs that you don't know about the beliefs that are buried in your bodies below the surface below the threshold of what you think is the real reason things aren't working out for you in your life that are keeping you from manifesting the things you want which goes back to the question what do we want most people when. I looked at the the list for tonight the word that came up most often was fear doubt barriers blockages.

So tonight maybe we'll do a cognitive enema we'll get rid of those blockages what do you think. I you not you'll get that tomorrow all right. Um a little bit of background about where. I come from and what.

I do. I was talking a little bit about my pedigree where some of this started as we were beginning to rev up today's meeting um my name is. David. Snyder.

I am a ninth degree black belt in the martial arts. I'm a certified trainer and master practitioner in neuro-linguistic programming. I have more energy credentials than. McDonald's sells hamburgers.

I have a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of. California also have a diplomat of. Oriental medicine a master's degree in acupuncture and. Oriental medicine.

I'm a. Southern. California. University of.

Health. Sciences my intention is they'll approve my application is to start my doctorate in. Chinese medicine probably. Junior.

May or. June. I think is when the. Next cohort starts.

So if you see less of me in. June and. July that's probably where. I'm at up to my knees and stuff um.

I've been. I'm a hypnotherapist. I have a clinic in. Salon well we're a little tinny over here.

I have a clinic in. Solana. Beach we've had that clinic for 10 years. I specialize my specialty at the clinic is treating physiological illness that has its rude repressed emotion now most people who go to a hypnotist or neuro-linguistic programmer they're going in the context of coaching or in something that is relatively straightforward process like smoke cessation or weight loss nail biting and those are those are important applications.

But. I don't get those quite. So much. I get the really cool stuff post-traumatic stress cancer multiple sclerosis.

Parkinson's chronic constipation things that have been the medical doctors have said. I got no. Clue haven't respond to the medicines things like that terminal cancer see quite a bit of that we do a lot of stuff with other more emotionally based things. But the root of everything that we do is the.

Mind and. Body. Connection understanding how the emotions that we lock in our bodies and how we think and process the events of our life create our bodies and what to do to fix it. So literally the people come in with chronic pain they can't get rid of obsessive thoughts that they can't deal with post-traumatic stress and we have a really really high success rate one of the reasons is because we don't take everybody 's a good candidate for the work that.

I do not everybody's a good candidate. So. I'll tell you more about that towards the end of the. Meetup we want to get into stuff today.

So once again by a show of hands how many people here did not hear my disclaimer all right. You own deep all right. Once again in case you missed it. Cliff.

Notes if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or profanity offends you probably not the place for you tonight all right. Um this means.

I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh here it comes right. The secret to everything tonight is following the instrument you don't have to believe a single thing. I'm going to share with you tonight at all all you got to do is do it and avoid actively fighting it okay.

Now to that respect we're going to talk about some things that kind of get in the way sometimes we're gonna get those out of the way. So we can start playing a little bit. First and foremost we got to get our body engaged in this process you can always tell who's going to get the greatest amount of. Change by what they do with their bodies.

I say stand up and the people who are excited enthusiasts they go and everybody else goes. I say raise your hands above your head they go right. I'm going to guarantee you that the people who are doing this aren't going to get the same level of change as people are doing this. But.

I can't make you do anything you don't want to do or can. I have over 50. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence healing the mind and the body okay. And.

I'll tell you all about those. Later. But tonight is about you it's about things that you want okay. When we start working in this process there's three components that we have to integrate to get the kind of change that.

I specialize in and it's deep change many times. First thing we have to do is we have to avoid two of the biggest factors that come up if you are a trained hypnotist or neuro-linguistic programmer there is this phenomena that reads its ugly head called hypnotist disease. But if you're not trained we have another thing that comes up it's called smart person syndrome the secret to this is being absorbed and focused in the processes that we do okay. How many people here have ever been little children raise your hand okay.

Very cool. So we're operating in the right. Place how many people here when you were little children when your little child come on up don't be bashful people in the front row get the best stuff. I promise you you and deep now when you were little children how many of you played pretend how many raise your hands come on the rest of you know why.

I grew up in a test tube. I did computational models my sister was out playing. Barbies talking about. Ken that metrosexual transgendered okay.

How many people here when you played pretend for tomboy ladies. First how many tomboys we have in the room raise your hands all right. We have the honest ones how many girly girls we got all right. And when you were little when you were out playing pretend as a little girly girl what was your favorite thing to play pretended house house cool and did you have imaginary families or did you have dolls that you talked to how did you do it the dog in your dog and did you have conversations with the dog and your dolls did they talk back they didn't talk back ever no.

So how did you have conversations with them you don't know did you maybe hear voices in your head we have meds for you it's okay. How many people how many other how many. Tom girls we have are tomboys we have in the room how many time girls like right. How about you ma'am what'd you play at when you were a little kid love sports.

So when you play pretend you pretended you were a sports star or remember the question when you played pretend what did you play at famous gym that's very cool how about you sir. Indian very cool. So you were decided that won right. You still like you made it right.

How many soldiers we got how many pretend soldiers when we were kids how many superheroes. I was a geek right. In fact. I'm such a geek you will probably hear me make superhero or.

Supernatural references all throughout the evening. I'll be talking about the meat you guys haven't seen the show okay. I'm in trouble okay. So how many super soldiers we got any.

Batman any. Wonder. Women any rambos all right. Any.

Liars wrong. Meetup right. So here's my point whether you were playing with your dolls whether you're playing house are you playing doctor you're playing fairy princess were you playing the king of. England having tea with with your stuffed animals and pretending they were the.

Royal. Court how many people have those moments when you were you know and maybe you were maybe you were a soldier maybe you were a cowboy or an. Indian maybe you had a prop or something that you used to play with maybe it was a toy gun or just a stick that you picked up out of the backyard right. And he knew when you picked it up that was just a stick or a toy gun for the.

First five minutes six and a half minutes. Later it's a real bow and arrow there's really. Cowboys coming over the hill or if you're. Rambo it's a real.

M60 there's commies everywhere and you're killing them all true not true were you asleep hmm were you really absorbed in what you were doing were you focused were you having a ball ladies and gentlemen if you can do that be a little child you can make any change you want it's just a question of degree in time not a lie don't believe me just follow the instructions if you can point to where you feel something in your body you can change it some of us don't want to change though we've gotten used to that right. That's something we have to deal with on a different level. So buy a show of hands what are you here for tonight how many people want more money yeah right. Dumb question.

David right. How many people want have relationship stuff they want to get handled okay. All right. Let's talk about nuts and bolts.

First and foremost when everybody stand up. I want you to look. Directly to the person to your right. Directly to the person to your left stick out your hand look.

Them in the eyes. And go and feel [Music] sberries gets up come on show me what you got very nice very nice come on. I don't hear anything good actually give yourselves a big round of applause [Applause]. So what the hell is this about what the hell.

I didn't say sit down two things. First of all. I just proved that. I can't in fact get you to do something you don't want to do teasing here's the most important thing we got past the.

First hurdle the fear that most of us have of making a fool of ourselves of looking silly that's the secret that's what holds us back more often than not from allowing these techniques and these methods to work you see there's remember. I talked about smart persons or hypnotist disease well there's a corollary to that for people who aren't trained we call it smart person syndrome these techniques work and they work because of the degree of absorption and focus that you have while you're doing them combined with the physical integration of the imagination and the body you need all three just like when you're playing pretend if you're missing one the technique gets weaker it takes longer you got to work harder get it now smart person syndrome tends to rear its ugly head when somebody is guiding you through a process or you're being or you're leading somebody through the process and there's a part of you that's trainer trying to follow the instructions and you're repeating the instructions to yourself and. Then there's another part of you observing the process wondering if that is working right. Well if there's a part of you that's trying to do the process a part of you that's repeating the process and trying to learn the process simultaneously and another part of you that's on the outside wondering if this shit's even freaking working how absorbed in it are you did you do that when you were playing pretend hell no.

Be mindful when that part of you tries to get involved and it will it's okay. Just realize it right. How many people have ever seen a movie okay. Very cool.

So you guys all know that like when you go into a movie because focus is important too right. My wife has like the. Monopoly on. Focus you can set a gun off.

Next to her and she wouldn't notice unless it's something. I did wrong she nails that every time right. Now you know how sometimes you walk into a movie you got your big thing of popcorn an ocean of soda on one side and your best guy or your best girl on the other you're walking down the aisle wonder which one's going to be more fun the lights go down the curtain opens the movie starts can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie not if they did their work right. Except for this massive ache in your bladder because you stayed to the very.

Last. Easter egg in. The. Avengers movie right.

And you gotta limp out right. That's. Focus if you could tell me when that happened you weren't focused you weren't absorbed remember those things and you're going to do awesome promise right. The secret is to just play have fun with it be okay.

With whatever degree of change you get because it's a wash rinse repeat process whether you hit a home run or you get a base hit the more you do it the deeper it works okay. Some of you can tell stories how many of you have ever been to how many people here have been to one of my events before raise your hands this is why they're back because if you don't leave here with something you can't use. I haven't done my job right. But if you have questions about any of the processes you're going to be learning tonight.

I don't know how far down this. Rabbit. Hole we're going to go together this is a big room. So.

I and. I want you to know. I'm going to give you as much as. I can tonight.

I'm grateful for every single one of you for being here all right. So. I will give you as much as. I can probably more than you want and.

I will tell you. I mean if this is the scope of everything we have. I got time for this even with three hours. So we're going to go as far as we can and.

I'll show you where to go for more that'd be fair okay. Very cool all right. So since we're standing we're going to talk about the very. First thing that we have to get a handle on.

But after we know what we want and. I'm going to do a whole segment on figuring out and ironing out what we want because there's certain steps that clarify things and. I'm going to tell you something that's going to create a a lot of resistance right. Up front how many people here believe in goals raise your hand if you believe in goals goals goals and goals settings yeah gold is good right.

Some people big zigger used to call it gold setting you guys remember those those days. I love zig you can get anything you want in life we just have enough other people get what they want and it's true a lot of the persuasion and influence that. I teach and. I do teach a lot of it everything from.

Real. Estate to voir judge and jury selections things like that. I work with a lot of different influence professionals and everything. I do is about win-win it's about connection we're the good.

Jedi you know. But there's a lot of people out there who are using this stuff for less than honorable or ethical purposes and unless you know what they're doing you'll never see it coming you'll never see it coming. So learn it at whatever speed whatever in whatever way is useful hey to help yourselves to use it for real people to get the riches and the romance and the the success that you want. But also to protect yourself to understand when these things because there are many many highly funded three-letter agencies out there handling you with this stuff every single day all right.

So that being said let's talk about the most important thing human beings only do things in response to a. Feeling okay. Period it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of that's it you might think you want a new car you might think you want a new house my new boyfriend a new girlfriend no. You don't you want what those things let you feel this is when the person when it talks about goal setting.

First thing we have to get out of the way is if all we want is a feeling we don't need to set goals we don't because you're capable of creating any feeling you want right. Now at whatever intensity level you want right. Now you need to add something to that when you're setting a goal you have to ask yourself a question what will this goal aside from the good feelings it gets allow me to do what will it allow me to do each and every person in this room is here to exert more power and influence and control over their life. But you can be happy if you want to understand.

State control and how it actually works neurologically you could be happy sitting on a couch eating. Haagen-Dazs and never get a thing done it sounds like my husband. But. I'm bumped we did sign the video release right.

So while it's important to understand that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling in their bodies that they either want more of or they want less of when we start navigating our course in life we have to ask one extra we had to act a little extra qualifier what will these things allow me to do how will it move my ability to exert influence and control over my life to take the randomness if you will out of my life we had that in and we start getting a little bit of a different quality answer and that's important because your nervous system your neurology is this have a seat guys. I'm sorry let me keep saying we'll get back up in a minute your neurology is the single most powerful reality creation mechanism on the planet short of the planet itself. But you have this phenomena inside you. I call it the somatic search engine we're going to play with it a little bit.

Later. But your neurology is hardwired to seek out an answer any question that you ask it regardless of how badly formed the question is how many people have ever seen or know of some have maybe done this since yourselves or you know somebody who doesn't something happens and the. First thing out of another is why does this always happen to me and the neurology is down there going oh he wants a list boom because that's what your neurology does your neurology must seek to answer any question that you put to it. So.

I suggest suggested and. I submit it to you that the quality of your life will be vastly determined by the quality of the questions you ask anybody ever notice when you're playing on. Google that the way you structure the question dramatically changes how the answers that you get what do you think they got that from they didn't get it from. NLP although there's probably uh there's probably a little bit in there natural language processing right.

It's a different type of. NLP right. Uh in my school of. NLP we actually have two versions of.

NLP that we teach there's the one that everybody learns out of the textbook. And. Then there's the one that actually works. I shouldn't say that it's a sad it's a sad commentary that the vast majority of people who learn.

NLP can't ever use it they can't ever use it it never becomes practical for them outside of the treatment room you're in the app you're in the applied sciences league today okay. But what we're going to do isn't just. NLP it's going to be a a synthesis of a lot of things. I've learned from a lot of different sources.

But the. First thing we have to understand is everything we do is feeling driven everything we do is feeling driven we need to learn how to tap into that because as we tap into the feelings in our body how many people are big on. Law of. Attraction raise your hand if you know anything about it or care about it all right.

Here's the thing we need to understand about. Law of. Attraction remember. I said you have two sets of beliefs beliefs you know about beliefs you don't each and every one of those beliefs whether you know about it or not has a feeling connected to it that feeling is a measure of the frequency that feeling is analogous to an energy in your body that energy is analogous to a frequency as the feelings in your body change the frequencies in your mind and body change how many people know a little bit about.

Law of. Attraction what does the law of attraction actually teach us not a clue huh. I didn't know you're going to be asking me questions. God damn it what's the law of attraction teach us you attract into your life what you think it's a vibrational phenomenon the most cutting-edge.

Quantum physicists in the planet as well as the most ancient of sages are all telling us the same thing that everything that has ever existed everything that ever will exist or could exist is already here why aren't we seeing it why aren't we manifesting it it's because of the vibrational filters installed in our neurology we can't interact with something that we can't harmonize and connect with you get that. But here's what they didn't teach us they didn't teach us see the. Law of. Attraction tells us and this is not a law of attraction.

Meetup although you'll find the same foundations here do we have a seat for this young lady okay. Come on in don't be bashed just like you have beliefs you know about beliefs you know they tell you that the. Law of. Attraction says you will pull into your life the events situations circumstances and people that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts what you think about you become in essence epigenetics is telling us that that's basically true you know that your thoughts can actually change your.

DNA you didn't know it look. Up. Bruce lipton's work it's out there here's what they didn't tell us. So you have two sets of thoughts the ones you know about the ones you don't and it's the interplay between those two sets of thoughts that creates the vibrational message that you send out to the universe that will either amplify and accelerate the things that you pull in or push them further away or taint what you create usually somewhere in between we usually get something that we want.

But not exactly the way we wanted it true not true right. This is because you have these different levels of yourself that need to be harmonized they need to be aligned right. I tell people that every human being. I've ever worked with and.

I've worked with thousands of them and. I do every day either virtually or in person every human being is moving through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the difference between the drag and the thrust that determines how far you get how fast if you just you know most of us are going through life trying to put more juice in the engine get more thrust get more thrust get more thrust some of us more literally than others right. You'll get that tomorrow okay. But we don't spend as much time cutting the anchor if all we did was cut the anchor let go of the garbage that's holding us back that's creating the drag we take off like a rocket which brings us to the description circling back to this whole goal thing it's great to have a direction as long as you know where the frick you're going and it's great to have all that energy if you as long as you know where you're going right.

So it's all gonna you're gonna find out. I gave you the. I gave you the most important piece right. Up front it's all about feelings it's all about feelings you can change your feelings how many people you've ever heard have heard of a show called lie to me if you haven't it's on.

Netflix go rent every single season the consultant for that show was a man named. Dr. Paul. Ekman.

Dr. Ekman is the world's leading. Authority on facial cues lie detection and emotions he's actually written a couple of books with the. Dalai.

Lama on emotions called emotions revealed in that book. He talks about a filter that your neurology has he identifies it it's called. The. Emotional refractory period remember.

I said that everything that could ever be or he is already here why aren't we seeing it it's because of filters the most powerful filter that you have aside from your beliefs is your current emotional state. Dr. Ekman isolated a filter within the human nervous system that activates whenever we have a strong emotional state change and basically what it does is it takes all the information in the environment and based on the state you have at the time it reorganizes what you pay attention to. First all right.

How many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody if you're in my house it's hourly how many people here have ever had the the experience of going through the argument process he said she said usually this you let the toilet sit up no. I didn't it was the you know. Gremlin or whatever. Finally resolve it right.

Some some mysterious person left the toilet. So that it will never happen again right. And for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes.

However long it is everything you say pisses that person off again and we have this experience welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period your body likes to stay in a steady state it likes to maintain whatever emotional state it's in it tends to default towards finding equilibrium. So what it does without your permission without your understanding is the moment you go like say you get pissed off right. And you resolve the pissed off section there's a half-life to it the filters the priority that you give to information around you changes let's say there's 10 units of information in your environment eight of them are positive yeah three that's a. German three okay.

Eight of them are positive two are negative if your emotional refractory period is keeping you on the negative side guess what you'll focus on. First that's right. Now this process is happening to you all the time every minute of every day you just didn't know it my job as a teacher is to teach you how to be progressively more self-aware and what the ramifications of that are when. I teach my students influence when.

I teach them how to move through the world and get more money you know move up in their company or win that jury verdict or win more clients or whatever. I tell them anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control you don't get a two-minute warning that's that. Then you're having you're about to have an emotional state change you don't get this two minute warning danger. Will.

Robin's in danger you're about to get pissed off you don't realize you've had an emotional state change until you're in it and the filters already set up. So what the hell do we do about it. First of all realize the. Dynamics of what's.

Happening. Second of all the moment we do become aware of it hit the stop button how do we do that everybody stand up laughs how many people here no. That's not. I can't use that one.

I was gonna ask a dirty question. Anyway. I like to tweak your lizard braid you guys know you have three brains right. You have your neocortex your rational lying brain right.

In between that is what they call the limbic system or your mammalian brain it's your emotional brain and. Then at the center of it all is the. Pearl paleocortexes is commonly referred to in. Soviet sports psychology your lizard or reptile brain and he's running the show right.

And as long as we keep the reptile engaged we have your attention the minute we start lapsing into neocortex speak that top layer of the onion the one that thinks and facts and figures and things like that you got less than 20 minutes usually around five to ten minutes of attention span and. Then you're done okay. When you start focusing on feeling. States in your body you will change the vibrational signature that you send out to the world.

But more importantly all metaphysics aside when you change the feelings in your body the neurological filter that you have in place that looks for information to reinforce or re-trigger that state will be in your favor instead of working against you how many people here do affirmations anybody who do affirmations good don't um. Everybody ever noticed that we only tend to do affirmations when we're feeling shitty wrong time to do affirmations why there's linked it to the lotion we need to find the stop button we need to find a rock solid hardcore way to change the feelings in our body and reorient that filtering mechanism the moment we become aware of it now. I've been teaching. Advent when.

I'm going to teach you something called. Power poses. But we're going to go we're going to go a little bit off the deep end shortly um and we'll do that in a minute. I'm gonna actually now we'll do that.

First that's probably a good place to start because that's something you can access you can look. On the on the uh on the internet to find it how many people here know. I know. I've heard of.

TED. Talks okay. How many people have ever heard of power poses by. Amy.

Cuddy if you haven't go to. YouTube. Type in power poses by. Amy.

Cuddy watch the video 12 times okay. This is not metaphysics it's not. NLP it's. Neuroscience it's social psychology this stuff.

I'm going to show you has been proven clinically to change the hormonal balance in your body by as much as 20 percent in under two minutes if you do it in a positive way okay. So. First thing we're going to do is there's three basic poses that we can play with okay. First one is called the classic.

Victory pose now when. Amy was doing the research on this what she discovered. First of all even blind children children who have never actually seen another human being do anything the minute they score a win their hands automatically do this what she discovered is that if you hold this posture and the others. I'm going to teach you for as little as two minutes measured through blood tests you will get a 20 to 25 percent bump in your testosterone and a corresponding drop in cortisol.

So men become more manly women become more assertive and confident and you got a lot more relaxed in the same process and the secret to this is is that the moment you change the physiological configuration of your body your emotional state has to change they are connected we're going to prove that right. Now. I want everybody to close your eyes. For me close your eyes.

Right. Now. I want you to sort back through your memory or just use your imagination. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt like an absolute.

No. Holds. Barred winner if that never happened imagine what it would be like if it did okay. And here's what.

I want you to do now. I want you to step into that moment. I want you to see what you saw and hear what you heard and feel what you felt going to add a couple parameters into this now a you saw something you wanted and you decided you were going to get it no. Matter what two you made a plan to get it three you put the plan into operation four you nailed it home run.

No. Holds. Barred absolute brass ring gold medal. Platinum metal whatever it is.

I want you to step into that moment see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt stand and breathe the way you were breathing in that moment let those feelings come flooding back as you do notice something notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where you. First become aware of it that lets you know you freaking nailed it. I want you to point to where you feel it. I want you to notice that there's a color or set of colors associated with that feeling now you don't have to tell me out loud.

But go with your. First impression what colors might those be. First impression the. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to imagine a huge cloud of that energy floating above your head. I want you to link your breath your mind and your imagination. I.

Want. You to. Breathe that color through your entire body head to toe let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon when you know you got that just nod your head perfect. I want you to take a snapshot right.

Now of your posture and your breathing and without changing any of that not your breathing and not your posture try to feel bad what oh okay. Go ahead back to feeling good excellent everybody open your eyes. Look. Up here well that was weird wasn't it this.

Next part. I want you all turn around look. At. TJ because.

I want you looking at me for this part right. If. I turn around well yeah turn around because. I don't want your weird on me.

TJ's immune. I've immunized him. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you decided you were going to get it you made the plan you put it into operation. But this time it didn't work out for some reason just missed it.

I want you to remember that moment. I want you to remember how you were standing in that moment. I want you to remember how you were feeling how you were breathing. I want you to notice where in your body you feel it you point to it if you want to.

But just become aware of it notice there's a color a series of colors connected to that feeling now take a snapshot of your posture take a snapshot of how you're breathing and without changing any of it ladies and gentlemen without changing a single piece of it try to feel good now all. I want you to do is. I want you to hold on now if you can to this negative feeling. But shift your body back to the winter posture notice what happens turn around look.

Up here what just happened what just happened you feel great. I did can't follow instructions. I told you to keep feeling bad and shift your body back he couldn't do it. I bet a lot of people had that same experience did you not this is what.

I mean for every emotional state that you have there is a corresponding physiology and breathing pattern that allows it to manifest for every posture that you have there's a corresponding emotional state and it doesn't matter what the posture is there will be a psycho-emotional feedback loop that it activates now you can do this in a war zone and dramatically change how you feel within two minutes let's go back to the. Happy. State shall we breathe those colors through your entire body notice what happens at stage one because once you really get this no. One can push your buttons ever again if you're going to do any kind of affirmation any kind of any kind of.

Manifesto any kind of goal setting work you need to get in the right. Feeling. States you need to have the right. Filters in place.

First the moment you become aware of a negative. Cascade bad feelings don't start you don't become aware of them right. Away they're like dominoes there's a little. Domino.

Here and. Then a domino. Here and before you know boom you become one of the. Third or fourth.

Domino. Down the road that's okay. It's what you do when you become aware of it that makes the difference this is how we learn to manage and control our own neurology instead of having it done for us because every piece of advertising on the planet is designed to get feelings in your body to manifest because that's how we change how you think we do not make decisions based on reason we do not make decisions based on logic we make decisions based on the feeling. States in our body the filters that are activated as a result of that and we create a story to justify acting on those feelings and if that's how the process works and that's the one that's worked best on you all this time without your knowing it imagine what would happen if you actually did and used it for yourself now nobody goes into the gym throws 500 pounds on the bar and starts doing presses we spent most of our life on autopilot sleep for lack of a better word a lot of us are trying to wake up and a lot of us are acting like we're trying to wake up.

But really the moment we get hit with that actually works we run screaming okay. This is how you start. So now we're going to do now that we understand that we've proven that part we're going to get back to even something more basic we're going to hold a pose all we're going to do. Victory pose we're gonna hold it for two minutes now here's what's going to happen for most for some of you some of you may just go right.

Into it because you work faster than others some of you may take a little bit longer. But what you'll feel is almost like a pressure in your body it's almost like something's building something's been there's something that's in the way like a bubble bursting or like you're hitting the ceiling of something just keep holding the posture and. Then at some point that ceiling will bust and you'll feel a a shift what you're experiencing is the body's equilibrium changing moving from a current cognitive or current psycho-emotional state to a more resourceful one. I'll tell you stories about this.

Later on. But more stories. I tell them the less we get done right. So everybody put your arms up assume the posture assume the position as the.

Cuffs might say now remember most of us when we do a victory pose we don't let go this is not the academy. Oscars right. Spread those tuck that butt and just get strong now if you want to play movies in your head. I don't care what movies those might be oh we got some people grow up in the 70s all right.

No. Dirk digglers in the room is he and just feel good man or girl right. Remember those moments we saw we saw remember that really successful color you want to amplify this breathe that color through your entire body fill yourself up with it notice what happens the moment you link the breath is the linkage between your mind and your body the way you connect is through the breath this is the same. Theory the same understanding that allowed the.

Soviets to sweep the 1970s. Olympics 70 some gold medals this is not a new technique that is steroids they had really good ones very cool ah look. Down all right. Well.

Then you do the. Wonder. Woman pose those of you who are lazy the. Wonder.

Woman pose works just as well right. There's actually four that. Amy talks about this is the. First one this is the one that tends to be the most popular.

Second one is the. Wonder. Woman pose. Third was what.

I call it the chairman of the board of the gorilla if you've ever seen a. CEO kind of leaning over the conference table this means something completely different in. San. Francisco wow the real show this one on camera people wonder why.

I'm in. Southern. California. Anyway the.

Last one is uh you don't want to see people sit behind their desk with their feet up on the chair that's the fourth one in each and every. I think each and every one of these fall into the category of a. Winner's pose. But each of them has a slightly different um psycho-emotional benefit this one is the one.

I see getting the biggest bang for the butt more often than not okay. We actually had. I actually taught this to my uh my clients who are in the trial business uh for coaching their themselves to getting better to presenting to judges and juries and things like that. But.

Then they turned around and taught it to some of their. Witnesses time all right. Put your arms down notice how different you feel we notice very good give yourself a big round of applause [Applause] simple stuff simple stuff because you won't remember the collect stuff this stuff's got to be an example if you want to practical this is one of the reasons why a lot of people can't use some of the stuff the more interesting things in. NLP because the processes are too complicated right.

Your brains drop out trying to get that okay. Questions about what we covered. So far. I'm always always dangerous when we ask questions.

But yes. Second pose. Second. Third okay.

Okay. Final act it out for you this is where. David gets to fall off the chair for the sake of everyone okay. So the.

First one we all know is a victory pose. Second one is what we call the. War. I call this the.

Peter. Pan post because. I'm a. Robin.

Williams fan this this is one is very very useful if we had if. I had it if. I didn't want to be too obvious by the way you don't walk into a job interview and go right. Not a good idea right.

But if there's a restroom find a stall hit the pose this is what. I mean when they actually tested this aside from the 20 25 bump in testosterone and cortisol and the drop in cortisol what they discovered is when they put people who did these poses through the most grueling vicious challenging job interviews they could generate against interviewers who are specifically trained not to show any sign of emotion at all the people who did this pose for two minutes prior to the interview always scored. Higher by the interviewer than the people who did not what was the uh was it woman's name uh. Amy.

Cuddy c-u-d-d-y just go to. Google type in power poses um. I was doing stuff that's way more advanced down the line back in 2005 all the way up to today. But.

Amy's done the research and. I always start with what you. I don't ask you to believe anything that. I tell you.

I give you the source. I take credit for the synthesis not the source go and do the research you'll find it do the drills you get the skills right. But we got to start with a knowing that everything our meat does is based on feelings and that our feelings can be controlled one of two ways it can be controlled through our willpower which is by the way the worst way to try and do this okay. How many people here have ever tried to will themselves to sleep how that work right.

In the world of hypnosis you have this thing called. The. Law of unconscious response which our inverse response depending on how you look. At it which basically tells us the more you consciously try to make something happen the faster the unconscious mind recedes or gives you the opposite of what you're trying to get the secret to what we do is to be absolutely playful the more playful you become the more rapidly you change even if you're dealing with crap heavy duty.

I mean like cancer trauma. I do a lot of trauma work ladies and gentlemen the fastest way to to learn how to drive your own bus is to learn how to get playful we don't spend enough time feeling good which is why we're always driven to it yes. What do you mean by being playful like having fun like when you're a little kid. So if you're feeling like you have this targeting six people in your family how how would you do that well.

First of all for something that at that level the. First thing. I would do is change your physiology because what's going to happen is grief has a physiology right. The moment you change that physiology you can't go as deeply into the state it's much harder it's very very hard.

However if you're trying to do it through an act of will generally speaking the amplitude generated by the state is too strong for your conscious mind to manage your conscious mind the rational. Factor your neocortex is the two-year-old of the neurology it is the least informed and the. Last to know anybody here have it. I have three small three children.

I have a 25 year old. I have a six-year-old and. I have a three-year-old guess which one screams the loudest not in my house guess which one accomplishes the least the 25 year old yeah actually she works in the clinic and she does she's in she actually is doing quite well. But my point is is that the neocortex that logical rational part of you is the least informed and the.

Last to know anything the decisions that you make. However logical or rational that you think you are based only on the information provided to it by your unconscious mind that's how it works and. So your unconscious mind is everything else the part of you that thinks this is me that's your conscious mind your unconscious mind is everything else. So what we need to do is we need to understand that we need to accept that this works right.

Try it the other way get you know have a heart-rending suicidal person in your room and try and try and tell them to will themselves to feel better it ain't gonna happen how many people noticed this goes back to your question how many people noticed that when. I had you stand in the negative posture and had you try to feel good what'd you notice a lot of resistance when. I had you assume the positive posture or how to do this oh. I had you assume the uh the positive posture and try to feel bad what happened how many people noticed their body wanted to start to sag that's the mechanism the one thing that you need to be aware of to utilize this methodology is when that sag wants to happen and cognitively pop yourself back into the posture the more you do it you'll be engaging what.

NLP calls a pattern interrupt remember. I said every feeling state is a. Cascade it starts with one thing here and one thing here and one thing here and they all just kind of flow like dominoes in a row the moment we become aware of that. Domino.

Shift we change it and if you know two minutes is the minimum depending on the amplitude and the gravity of the state may need to hold it longer. I had a guy come in his mom brought him to me. I don't know why she brought him to me he was recovering from a heroin addiction and he was going through the withdrawal he hated withdrawal nobody likes it. But he was just in a fetal position.

Clinton he wanting to kill himself and the mom brought him into my office she gave me a warning that she was bringing him in. But. I'm like you've been through. So many different kinds of therapy and psychologists and this that and the other thing and.

I walked the guy walked in he's taller than me can. I use you for a. Second would you mind being suicidal for me by the way. I do not recommend you work with people who are suicidal that takes a lot of training um.

But. I could see now this guy was like in this really just hunkered down just had his wits end kind of state and. I knew at that moment there was nothing that's going to come out of your mouth that's going to reach him why based on what we've learned tonight why might that be true well it's physiology is obviously screwed. But what's connected to that guess what attention guess what information he's going to pay attention to.

First guess how he's going to frame every single thing that comes out of my mouth exactly and because his system is invested in keeping that perspective he will fight me. So you know what. I did. First thing service man obviously right.

First thing. I did was. I popped his back just like that. I said stand up put your head back he burst out laughing not even a three.

Second he burst out the minute poof oh and every time he tried to wilt. I popped him back for five minutes needless to say he didn't commit suicide your brain is has filtered upon filter upon filter and depending on what level you're injecting the information that's the filter that's going to come into place most of us don't realize we've had a physiological emotional state change until way down the line and. Then we try to talk ourselves out of it how does that work usually not well which means we need to change yes. Absolutely and that's what's coming.

Next. But. First we have to learn how to manage them you see one of the problems that we have in. NLP thank you give a big round of applause the problem isn't no.

We all know we need to process our emotions. But we don't know what that actually means most of us are taught emotional management and what really taught us is emotional repression avoidance suck it down tough it out. Big. Boys.

Don't. Cry right. That's not management that's not processing that's cancer waiting to happen that's. Parkinson's waiting to happen it's.

Ms waiting to happen are there other factors absolutely the latest research from the trauma. World shows us that 80 of all chronic illness is memory based think about that eight out of 10 people walking into the doctor's office for a chronic illness are there because of a bad memory or a series of the problem and. Richard bandler isolated is probably better than anybody the founder of it one of the founders of. NLP is that the reason we have a lot of problems is we confuse we confuse thinking with remembering we don't think most of the time we remember and connected to those memories our feelings and connected to those feelings there's a whole set of filters to our reality that bias how we see the world make sense how it works whether you believe it or not if you find a way that works faster and better go for it tell me please right.

So we gotta learn how to control our state has the most if you've learned nothing. But what. I just showed you tonight you are 80 to 90 percent ahead of everybody else out there because when your state is right. Your filters are right.

When your filters are right. The informations you have facilitates where you want to go otherwise you're swimming. Upstream right. Getting back to grief that might take a little bit more than what we're doing.

But it's the same idea when you understand where you feel it and you can point to where you feel and you isolate that and you change and you utilize the physiology in a holographic way which again this is something for another. Meetup because. I do a lot of trauma work a lot of autograph work there's a neurology there's a language that your nervous system uses to create every single memory every single thought every single idea everything human beings do has a structure which relies on a code and once you understand the code and how the system processes it you can change pretty much anything. I say pretty much because.

I haven't tested everything yet it's like people say well have you been nearsighted all your life or have you been gay all your life no. Not yet that. I'm not nearsighted okay. But.

I do self-identify as a heterosexual married male with three children not a role model for politically correct youth folks um when we're dealing with fears we're dealing with blocks whether we're dealing with things we want more of or things we want less of the. First thing to understand is that there's a. Feeling in your body and if you can point to that feeling you can change it if you're focused and playful and absorbed and you get three things involved your imagination your body and your intention that's it believe me stand up everybody. I want you to think of that time that place what you felt.

So awesome to close your eyes. See what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt and. Then what. I want you to do.

I want you to point to where you feel that feeling in your body. Then. I want you to use your imagination for me. I want you to imagine if you will that floating somewhere in the space around you is a picture that represents that feeling.

I want you to reach out with your other hand and touch it for me now take both of your hands trace the outline of that energy with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is grab the edges of it and without slugging the person. Next to you because it happens expand that picture like the window on your iPhone or yourself notice what happens as you expand it to fill the room notice what happens to that feeling in your body that's what. I'm talking about now just for fun lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens now what the hell now you can have this back at whatever intensity level you want in just a minute.

But right. Now unwrap it lift it back up over your head hold it out in front of you shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp tell me what happens to the feeling oh lift it back up over your head how many people here know what a frisbee is without slugging the person behind you take that frisbee throw it all the way behind you back behind the. Horizon until it disappears completely scan your body notice what happened what'd you notice sir with the plaid shirt here what'd you notice uh uh. I don't know playful playful would you throw behind you yeah what were you playing with what happened when you throw behind you what happened it's gone well oh we want that back don't we do you want that back lift your hands up over your head imagine your hands now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that thing right.

Back into your hands now here's what. I want you to do ladies and gentlemen inside your mind and body you are the god of your neurology you are the queen of your kingdom and you have absolute right. Privilege and authority to do anything you want with anything you want that your neurology creates manages or categorizes or organizes in any way. I want you to play with this image.

I want you to play with the size the shape the location inside or outside of your body. I want you to move it around you and notice how the feelings change each and every time you make one of those distinctions until you find the place that gives you the best feeling ever and. Then. I want you to just fix it into place that's right.

Play with it like the. First time you get that new computer you don't bother reading the man you just start touching buttons and see what happens right. Play with it too much you go blind no. That's a difference that's a different class.

I'm sorry notice what happens when you find the spot that gives you the best experience ever fix it into place and let it let that feeling just flood into your body into your heart notice it going into your bloodstream notice as it goes into your blood frame every place your blood goes that feeling flows let it flow into the cells and the. DNA and the genes within that. DNA transforming them programming them turning each and every cell of your body into a little pleasure. Factory don't try to measure it don't try to manage it don't try to make it happen faster.

So notice that process taking place until it becomes. So strong. So powerful it's impossible to turn off when you reach that point only you know when that happens try to turn it off and notice what happens instead you got it open your help you guys notice how different you feel what's up with you dude you're doing a jig over here what happened did you try to turn it off no. No.

You didn't trust you. I'm not turning that off you mean you're stuck feeling good now oh that's a sub deal you stuck feeling good yes. Because the way your neurology interacts with your language changes everything. But what you did in that moment was take charge of your system the way it was designed to be programmed by.

God. I didn't create the system. I just showed you how to use it you did it not me the more you play with this the more you will create in your body a state known as neural plasticity you can look. It up it's a big word.

I had to look. It up several times. I still can't spell it neuroplasticity is the rate and speed of which your neurology creates different neurological. Pathways and connections within itself most of us have gone through a neurology that's on autopilot the mark of these connections you make the more.

Amplified and. Powerful your system becomes the more you play with this the more control you will have if you play now some of you are going to come in here with a base hit right. Some of you are going to say you barely felt anything that's okay. Somebody like holy it doesn't matter what matters is you felt something change the rest is just repetition it's bouncing all over the place here right.

Right. Now just for fun how many people here have something they'd like to get rid of can that be all right. Is okay. Get rid of it.

I'm gonna do this in the group because if. I sit let me explain you a little bit about what just happened you have different yes. Sir that's true many people will too some people never get very hot it'll get hotter trust me they'll break out in a sweat very common that's how you know. I call that the neurological reset or the emotional detox literally what's happening is when you activate all the different levels of the neurology there's a.

Synergy that takes place this isn't just talk therapy this isn't just. Bodywork this isn't. Just. Energy psychology this is everything integrating synergistically in the way your neurology is designed to work.

NLP gave us the idea confirmation came from everywhere else okay. There's a lot of what is commonly referred to in if you guys want to. Google holographic memory resolution a lot of really good clinical work on that integrated in here right. The one thing you need to know you got to be playful you got to get your physiology involved you got to breathe what was that again holographic memory resolution by.

Brent. Baum brilliant brilliant dude okay. Another another priest who had to leave the priesthood to define. God.

But that's all right. Common. So how many people on a scale of zero to ten here's what we're gonna do now is we're gonna we're gonna do. I usually bring people up and just start doing demos it takes me a long time to do the demo and ninety percent of you just hijack the demo.

Anyway and go along for the ride right. So we're going to do this as a group now a couple of parameters when we start doing these things as a group a you're going to want to tackle the biggest most nastiest most egregious provocative thing in your life in the room don't do that okay. For now your neurology works best when it has a history of success the reason anybody ever buy a self-help book. Try to do that it didn't work self-help book.

A self-help book. The more you do something the better you feel about it yeah well it's not just that it's that one of the things that happens in your neurology is that anytime you're faced with a new process the. First thing or any anything new for that matter the. First thing your neurology does is it does a systems check in.

NLP we call it a transderivational search in hypnotherapy we call it accessing the unconscious mind for initial sensitizing or subsequent sensitizing events what that really means is. I'm faced with a problem the filters in my brain say oh look. Somebody just called. Dave this is somebody just called.

David a flaming there's a processing that says well was. David a flaming. I don't know let me check oh yeah he's a dick go on in that's the aperture that's the filter you have in place. First thing that happens it goes the other way too it's an equal opportunity hater right.

Guy comes to the front door says. David's a great dude he's the. Next. Messiah.

I mean right. Well is. David the. Next.

Messiah. I don't know let me check nice a dick get the out of here that's how it works that filter that's in place is based on a bunch of different things one of which is how you grew up okay. You're going to do the therapy side of this you're gonna find out that when you you take people back even. Beyond traumas when you start working with people who come in for broken hearts or you know.

Afghanistan post traumatic vets things like that divorces huge okay. You're gonna find out something regardless of what comes in your door and most of you aren't here you're not you're not what. I call a special kind of stupid okay. Most of us are here to fix our own right.

We have our own that we want to fix and we want to go out and have the life we want. But. Then there's a small class of us who are a special kind of stupid we want to fix other people's right. I did not choose this life when.

I was learning this stuff all. I wanted it was kick butt get laid and be cool. God had other plans. But what you'll discover is when you start working with the system nine times out of ten.

I would say almost 100 times when you actually ask the system to take you back to where that started. First scene situation or event that is the source of it zero to seven years. I say five. But some people say seven.

I very rarely find someone who goes to seven it's always zero to five. But every now and. Then something comes up you get somebody to actually access the hard drive that is the human body that's why you have feelings in your body it's a hard drive every experience that you have is recorded and stored like information on a hard drive. But it's not recorded in your brain as you understand it it's recorded in your body that's why you can point to where you feel it.

But most of us were living from the neck up we're completely unaware consciously of the feelings in the meat that's the. First job to get back into the meat because all the power is there. But it needs to be told what to do with that stuff because until you tell it what to do in a way that it understands it's just going to do what it's programmed to do that's it you have a trauma survival mechanism within you that takes over the moment your stress level hits a certain point and it locks that in your body like a like an antivirus quarantines a program and it stores it and you go about your day because they didn't teach you that you need to go back in and clean out the filter and. So that builds up over time and every time you find yourself in a situation or a context or an environment that is in any way similar to what you got stored in there everything fires remember that little mechanism going back searching through the files it's happening every moment of every day.

But you've never maintained the app you never updated it you never changed the filing system and. So you reach a point in there where there's no. More room the energy has built built up stored ignored and the body the person down there has done hey little help and you're like right. And we're going oh she said that okay.

Right. We ignore it we stuff it down how many people are at this experience driving along have the weekend off. I never get that anymore not a cloud in the sky maybe your favorite. Tunes are playing on the radio kicking back right.

I'm in a shitty memory from when you were seven comes up from out of nowhere what the behind that your neurology your system has protocols in place part of which is maintaining and updating the system. So there's a part of you sitting down there going hey need a little help down here he's not doing anything right. Now maybe we can. Finally handle this and up it comes and do we go rushing right.

Into it it's too nice a day to think about that. I'll think about it. Later well guess what for every unit of energy you lock in your body you need an equal greater amount of energy to keep it there. I'm an acupuncturist.

I know this okay. Problem with acupuncture is that it doesn't have a real direct route to the problem only another layer of symptom the energy we can rebalance the energy balance the. Surplus or deficit in the body. But what generated the energy in the.

First place that's the emotion that's the event the emotion is the energy. But the generator is the memory the generator is the memory now you have a holographic nature to your nervous system fractal and it's holographic which means every piece of it is connected to every other piece no. Matter where it is in your body and by changing one piece in the right. Way you can affect all of it that's that's a lot for tonight and it is way past our break time.

So here's what's going to happen well. I was going to show you guys how to get rid of some. So we'll do that as soon as we come back from our break is that okay. A lot of you had things about fear and doubt and certain things like that we're going to show you a quick and easy way to do that uh we'll practice it once or twice.

Then what. I'll probably do is. I'll probably do a group a group process for everybody kind of help wire these things in and give you a little bit more to work on. So one of the things that.

I talked about was. I'll show you where to go for more. I don't take everybody for my clients. I don't want to waste your time.

I don't want to waste my time for everybody who came out tonight as my gift to you way to get your your new your your. New. Years off to the right. Start.

I'm giving everybody in here actually how many slots we have. I saw 10 how many we got seven oh okay. All right. Well there's seven slots and if there's a waiting list.

Then there's a waiting list. But for everybody who came out tonight uh everybody here usually walk in my door it's 175 an hour we're waving that anybody wants to come out tonight is my gift to you. I'll give you a free 30-minute consultation it's not a therapy session it's just a chance to find out if there's a way that. I can help you with some of the things that you came here to learn about if there's a fit we'll go forward if you want to if not you just want to pick my brain for 30 minutes which is kind of cool because some of you are kind of hot that's.

I'm teasing you're not out of welcome if you just want to come out and pick my brain for 30 minutes it's your 30 minutes me and you getting to know each other if there's a fit we'll work that out if there isn't. I'll tell you that too because like. I said. I don't use these techniques on people and there's some people who can vouch for that there are some people who were not a good fit initially.

Later they came back and they worked out just fine there's a certain level that your neurology has to reach before it's willing to change when. I was learning coming up through the ranks to say most people haven't don't change because they haven't suffered enough okay. So my gift to you 30 minutes we're going to take 15 minutes we're going to come back at nine o'clock there is a ton of chocolate back there there is lots of coffee eat as much as humanly possible because. I also do weight loss now actually the reason that we talked remember.

I talked about neuroplasticity there's a hormone in your body a neurotransmitter that actually facilitates neuroplasticity it makes you able to learn and accumulate and acquire new information faster that hormone is called oxytocin now the way you get oxytocin is a 20 minutes of intense non-stop machine gun orgasms we're not doing that tonight 20 or 30 minutes of continuous hugging logistically probably not going to work although. I did see a video on. Facebook. Where somebody actually started a business as a professional cuddler.

I saw that too. Isn't that cool that opens up a whole new camp the other way is to eat lots and lots of substances that are high in oxytocin specifically chocolate that's why women love it sometimes not. So much there's always one in the crowd usually more than one. But.

Then one admits it right. You guys having fun you learn a whole lot right. Use the restroom eat lots of candy drink lots of coffee come on back because. I need some and we'll get we'll jump in thank you all you see.

Linda about getting uh getting the consult and claiming your gift you're welcome [Music].
