Title: How To Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
File Name: _u27JO1aRN4.txt
Video Id: _u27JO1aRN4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_u27JO1aRN4

All right. Let me see where i'm at here let me just make sure i've got uh where's all my peoples hold on a. Second oh i'm in gallery view no. Wonder hey hey everybody how y'all doing welcome to how to reprogram the subconscious mind secrets for gaining rapid success health wealth and happiness i'm your your mentor your guide your tutor for tonight your friend and uh consummate pen pal dr david snyder tonight we're going to be exploring some of the most powerful instant and rapid ways to rapidly reprogram your subconscious mind for health wealth success and happiness we're going to be covering everything from how the mind works from my uniquely distorted world view all the way down to how to clear blocks to success remove limiting beliefs get rid of negative emotions and really kind of tap into the true power of your nervous system.

So we can get you on the fast track to becoming your best self to that effect uh there before we get into what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show i do have a few administrative details and a few things that kind of set the frame for tonight. First and foremost before i go anywhere else this is your class tonight i come in with an outline a curriculum a syllabus that i want to share and how i share that information and the way i impart that information is largely based on you the viewer tonight the subscriber this is a very participation heavy uh workshop right. So if you're used to the classical webinars where maybe you log in for an hour maybe 90 minutes and you know the guy just the teacher just kind of hits you with a powerpoint or whatever and. Then teases you with all these things that you could be doing if you just had his multi-million dollar program um you're going to be a little bit disappointed there is an offer connected to this webinar.

But it's an extension of the classes and and it's it's the the full package of the things we're going to be sharing with you because i believe that if you're going to if you're gonna invest in yourself and invest in a program you should probably have a little taste you know you don't drive a coffee test you know you don't buy a car before you test drive it. So to speak. So tonight is about you it's about the things you want the things that that keep you up at night how to get those things done how to move you towards that best version of yourself that being said i'm also kind of a no. Bs kind of guy.

So. First and foremost my official disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next uh two hours to three hours and that kind of brings us back to this whole classic webinar approach we don't do classic webinars um our webinars tend to be very content heavy very uh interactive in terms of the effects that they produce um and what we do for the. First hour is we deliver solid powerful actionable content that you can take out into the world my job here is to give you a set of experiences right.

So that you can realize the power that you have you can have true faith and confidence in these techniques the best part about it is you don't have to believe any of it right. I think i mentioned that in my little primer a few minutes ago nothing in this course is theoretical. So to speak everything has been proven over and over and over again in the real world and if you just follow along and follow the instructions that i give you you will feel significant results right. Again belief not necessary for any of this to work which is kind of weird considering that we're dealing with a subject like the mind.

But the mind has rules the body has rules there are principles that govern mind and body and vibration and the physical universe as well as the metaphysical universe now i do have classes that are more on the metaphysical focus. But this is not about that this is about the organ inside of you and how everything works together we're going to learn together to speak the language of the nervous system we call it the primary encoding system. So um that's kind of what we're going to. So the.

First hour all we're going to do for you is deliver you as much solid actionable workable content laying the foundations for the rest of the webinar at about the 60 to 75 minute mark tonight i'm going to segue if it's okay. With you i'm going to segue into the program the offer that we put together to kind of help you extend and expand the skills we're building on tonight when that is done part three of our webinar is going to be coming back to the rooms the chats with you picking up where we left off and continuing to teach for another 60 to 90 minutes depending on what the tolerances of you guys are like i said i'm here for you right. So um my goal if this is the scope of everything there is to learn uh in terms of how to reprogram the subconscious mind we've got time for this. So my.

First and foremost my goal tonight is to take you as far as i can in the time we have and point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step is that a fair trade if you feel that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat just say that's fair i'm ready to go in the chat and we'll do it cool can you all hear me okay. I know some of you were saying it was kind of hard to to hear am i loud enough for everybody okay. Good all right.

A couple of other things really quick. First and foremost there will be a replay of this webinar. So there will actually be two replays the. First one will be through our youtube channel the minute this this uh we log off the webinar youtube's going to render a copy of this video for people who want to catch the catch the replay on youtube there will also be a zoom replay.

So we'll be taking that content we'll be uploading it to the nlp power website of the david schneider nlp website you can catch it there okay. Um let's see what else oh questions uh i know you're gonna have questions and i love questions and if you've ever watched any of my older videos you know that sometimes the questions can go away take us way off of the program. So here's the deal i love questions i think a good question deserves a good answer. So i'm going to teach you three ways that you can get your questions answered and still keep us on track for tonight.

First and foremost if you have a question that's relevant to the point in the webinar where we're at type it in the chat i have several assistants working back there who've been with me a very long time holly's back there seth is back there brandon's floating around somewhere and of course the amazing stephanie skiba my administrative goddess if you have any questions these people can help you uh in terms of technical things or or content or or programs that we offer. Second the other way the other ways you can get your your your questions answered is ask your question in the chat and if i don't answer it it's not or it's not directly relevant to where i'm at in the webinar i invite my veteran uh planet david's david people to to chime in and answer that question right. If and only answer the question by the way if you actually have real world experience um with the area that they're talking about. So a lot of people have questions about trauma resolution or manifestation or influence tactics interview techniques most of my veterans have been out in the real world using these things for years uh making the life they want instead of the one that the society wants them to have.

So if that's the. Second way to get your questions if that's still not good enough when the replay on youtube goes live i make it a practice after every webinar after every launch of a video i spend the. Next week or. So just checking that the comments section below each video multiple times a day going through extra lengths to make sure that the people who ask me good questions in the comment section get the answers they need.

So there's three ways that you can get your questions answered hey type it in the chat if it's relevant i'll answer it. Then and there many times the question you have is going to be answered. Later in the webinar. So just be patient number two type the question in the chat.

Anyway and i invite my veterans to answer those questions and they're great people to talk to about the power of what we're going to be sharing with you you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to say hey my stuff is awesome you should try it you should buy everything i've got don't take my word for it talk to the people in the chat i've been be bopping around uh planet david for a while and find out their responses email them or or message them off the webinar and talk to them they'll give you some real cool feedback on just how powerful these techniques are and. Finally type your type your question in the chat. So that being said let's jump into stuff. First of all i know a lot of you were doing this earlier.

But go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and if you are in fact a. First time viewer those of you who are veterans type your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been studying and using our stuff go ahead and type that in perfect natalie's from salt lake city emma's in liverpool oh my god by the way all my european and australian and some of my canadian students um poland oh beautiful anybody who's checking in from any place other than the united states and i love you guys in the united states too. But you guys have kind of an easier time than our european or our australian uh brothers and sisters because they have huge times and bahamas checking in south africa is checking in that's beautiful i love you all right. For those of you who are interested and want an excuse to get out of where you're locked down uh in may we'll be doing a seven day vibrational influence training in beautiful costa rica uh.

So if you're interested in coming out to that reach out to stephanie i'll post her information. Later um because i know a lot of people can get out of their countries and go to costa rica. So if you're looking for a way to get out to hang and learn some cool stuff i invite you that you got oh my god. So many cool people from.

So many different places it breaks it warms my heart you guys are awesome all right. So let's go ahead i'm going to go ahead and jump into what i lovingly call the doctor david dog and pony show. First and foremost who the hell is dr david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i am in fact an actual doctor of oriental medicine this is a copy of my uh my doctorate degree from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist uh and therapist since 2005. i have a clinic in solana beach where i specialize in treating physiological illness that's uh rooted in repressed emotion in other words like some people who are therapists they deal with things like smoke cessation or nail biting or weight loss and i get i get a teeny tiny bit of that most of the people i deal with are suffering from anything from chronic pain to terminal cancer and when we unpack those things what we find out is that most of what they're dealing with is mentally generated emotionally generated there's a psycho-emotional reason behind why the body generates these illnesses and it's the same mechanisms that we can use to produce wealth and success and happiness in our life they're just using it in the wrong direction.

So that's how big piece of what we're going to be talking about tonight is how to tap into the power of your mind in a healthy positive way to get healthier happier more successful and wealthier. But there's more to this than just the clinical side i've authored over 15 different products in various forms of human influence everything ranging from how to get dates how to satisfy your lover how to hold on a. Second let me just make an adjustment to my microphone oh my microphone is good okay. Um you know how to satisfy your lover how to be an unstoppable hypnotherapist how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any situations circumstances how to nail job interview after job interview in 2020 i was named one of the number one nlp trainers of the year by globalgurus.org and hopefully with uh with your loving vote and support maybe we can do it again in 2022 my my course killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis was named the number one nlp class of 2020 by globalgurus.org let me go ahead and uh share this again i'm going to i'm going to bounce back and feel i don't like powerpoints a lot.

So you're going to see a lot of changing on the screen and this is the letter from global guru saying hey my number uh your uh it is a great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp and if you click on this link right. Here you'll see all the different you know where nlp power and david schneider nlp was was named the number one uh course of influence training and everybody that we beat out. So i'm very proud of that and i'm very proud of the technologies that we teach and we're going to be sharing a bunch of those with you tonight. So that you can move forward and get the life you want the way that you want it uh in case you didn't know um grand master i'm a i'm a lifelong martial artist i have a 10th degree black belt in rukyu kempo karate 43 black belt shaolin kuntao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kempo. First to be black belt in funk jiu jitsu i'm a certified instructor in combat systema and a bunch of other filipino. Martial arts i've also been i have a lot of energy healing i've done a lot of work with energy healing for a very long time i've been a reiki master since the early 90s since before reiki was cool i'm certified in chronic healing and advanced chronic psychotherapy uh advancing to healing thanks to energy healing and qigong. So when you look.

At this whole laundry list of stuff what what do they all have you know just like you know what all these things have in common well there's two things that all these different disciplines acupuncture oriental medicine neuro linguistic programming uh martial arts they have in common and that is state control and pattern recognition one of the things that you will discover as you begin especially in your studies of the mind is that everything human beings do physically mentally emotionally verbally has a structure that structure is analogous to a pattern when you can begin to perceive the world through the concept of the lens of pattern and structure many of the secrets that hold us back many of the things that move us forward become very very obvious to you many people unfortunately are have a very difficult time seeing their own patterns right. But patterns exist at every level of human existence every level of human consciousness and once you can see the world through that that that lens like i said that filter. Then all of a sudden things become very changeable very very quickly. So if you were to ask me what does state control and pattern recognition have to do with how to reprogram your subconscious mind the short answer is everything everything we have a structure to our thoughts we have a structure to our belief we have a structure to our fantasies we have a structure to our daydreams we have a structure to the words that we use we have a structure to the way we move and many of these patterns are the same and that's what makes it cool because the principles that govern the mind can also be used to influence the body the principles that are used to influence the mind or the body can also be used to influence the mind real quick does that make sense from drc here it doesn't i don't know if someone's asking for an interpreter cool all right.

So let's figure out something together are we in the right. Place is this is this um is this particular webinar i'm gonna give you the the skills that you want. So i'm gonna i'm just gonna rattle off a few things for you and all i want you to really do is if um if what i what i'm asking you if you want to learn about resonates with you just type me in the chatter i want that just real quick this is again this is kind of making sure you're in the right. Place to get the things you want.

So how many people would like to be more attractive in general to members of the opposite sex to members in your own gender and make them find you charming and fascinating and maybe even irresistible would anybody like that pay attention to one of the very. First things i'm going to teach you tonight because if you understand that you're going to find everything in your life getting easier automatically how many of you would like to stop being afraid banish fear and insecurity from your life maybe be more confident radiate a little a bit more assertiveness and power people kind of defer to you maybe would that be useful stay tuned we're going to show you how to build that for yourself how many of you would just like to make more money i don't know whether you're a fan of law of attraction or whether you believe um you know you need to work really really hard and right. How many would like to generate more revenue in your own you know get more return on your investment in terms of your life efforts would that be something everybody wants type if that's for you type it in the chat how many of you would like to protect yourself from manipulators and people who are going to push your buttons uh. So there was a comment a lady made when i when i mentioned covert hypnosis said it sounds unethical is it ethical to be able to protect yourself from those kinds of things is it unethical to be able to recognize when people are doing them to you.

So you can have a choice as to whether they'll let it affect you or not right. And the reason i ask that is because you see that influence is why you're here none of you came to this webinar because you want more randomness in your life nobody showed up on this webinar because you like leaving things to chance or that you're happy with the programming that you're running under you all want to level up right. Everything human beings do is an attempted influence period of story probably at no. Greater time in modern history than now with the whole 24-month pandemic programming we've been receiving we have been the target the victim of some of the most heinous forms of mind control that have been leveled on population now don't get me wrong with that was going on long before covet hit.

But covet gave gave certain agencies an excuse to just leverage this and turn and click our amygdala onto the point where we can't even think straight we're responding to everything emotionally instead of rationally i'm going to show you how to turn it off i'm going to show you how to get back on track get more peace more calm more relaxation more of everything we should be getting rather than things that are being we're being bombarded with okay. So i saw that question about covert hypnosis in the uh you know in the chat i just wanted to i just wanted to really address that because you are always being influenced and you are always influencing okay. What we do is we're the good jedi we move through the world being the protectors and the sheepdogs instead of the sheeples and the wolves that makes any kind of sense that's how i look. At it now you can wrap your mind around whatever you want with that.

But. Anyway that being said if you would like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to without any form of manipulation or for you resorting to any kind of unethical tactics and strategies would that be useful right. If you'd like to make anyone you meet just simply like admire and trust you maybe even love you would that be helpful would you like to be able to find the right. Kinds of mates and partners and friends and know that these people are a deep level fit for what makes your life the most fulfilling ever stay with us one of the very like i said one of the very.

First core techniques that we're going to work on together is going to show you the mechanics of how that works both intra-personally the numbers inside your own mind and body. But also interpersonally between you and one other individual or group of individuals okay. It's called the emotional motivation checklist and depending on which direction you're pointing it the name changes a little bit. But the mechanics don't okay.

There's a certain checklist that every human being has that defines for them what is right. Desirable ethical and um permissible in their world and once you understand how that system works you can tap into it for unstoppable motivation uh you can use it to sort the the people you want in your life from the people you don't and you can usually do it pretty quick right. You can cause you can you when you're dealing with a client or a prospect or a customer you can find out exactly what those people need and make a very very powerful rapid determination if you can actually give it to them and show them in a very obvious way that what you have is what they need and they won't you don't have to sell them they will ask you to buy it right. Because that's really what every single one of us is looking for we're moving for the world with a certain list of desires many times we're not even conscious of them we'll show you how to make them conscious both within yourself.

So you become fired up to go for the things you want which is the most important piece for tonight and secondarily we'll give you an idea of how to tap into that with other people. So you can ethically give them the things that they come to your service for and it'll create immense loyalty for you would that be would that be helpful would that be useful okay. Okay. All right.

Good. So um this is a class that does involve altered states of consciousness now we're not there yet. So to speak uh. So when we reach the points where we're doing drills and exercises together if you do not do these exercises while you're driving operating any form of heavy machinery or involved in anything that requires your full and undivided attention okay.

Um. So here's my pro i'm going to put my screen back up here. So you can see this it's my personal promise to you tonight for those of you who stick it out this is what we're going to cover the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your subconscious mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness one of the biggest things i discovered ladies and gentlemen about the technologies i'm sharing with you tonight is that when you put all these pieces together in the way the body is designed to function it's it no. Longer matters if the problem you have is physiological slash physical or emotional.

So when i say mind and body and health and well i'm talking about the same coding system that creates physical illness is the same coding system that creates success that creates a mindset and a belief system that takes action and monit and magnetizes you to becoming the best version of yourself if you stick with it i'm going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination procrastination has a structure just like every other kind of thought or belief or behavior that human beings have i'm going to give you the building blocks of how that works and show you a rapid powerful technique to get in the game i'm going to teach you how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs again many of these things are built the same way they can be addressed with the same code and the same techniques we're going to give you if you stick with it we're going to give you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time some of the things that i would like to share with you to facilitate that for lack of a better word i'll get back to sharing my screen here we go. So i want to cover with you tonight the two most important factors for success three ingredients to achievement the rules of the mind the ones they did not tell you about uh a phenomena or a model of how the mind and body work called body-centered energy psychology we're going to use this body-centered energy psychology uh idea to reprogram your subconscious mind using your body and we're going to teach you how to program your future and clear your past and. Finally how to take control of your life to get the life you want the way that you want it that's kind of where i'd like to see us go um [Music] and. So one.

Last thing really quick all uh again i i will go back to just sharing my skin. So before before i show you the. Next slide remember what i said at the beginning of today's webinar if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn got time for this. So i'm going to take you as far as i can like i said in the time that we have i'm going to point you in the direction of where to go for more right.

That being said the techniques that i'm going to be sharing with you are drawn from a much larger much more comprehensive system of personal development and reprogramming the subconscious mind and this is known as the identity by design system this is a personal alchemy protocol it has seven stages the. First is called general negativity clearing special negativity default driver states internal dialogue temporal editing a priori timing and trade installation now what the hell does that actually mean. First thing we're going to teach you how to do in the system is we're going to teach you how to remove all the negativity from your body that you did not even know was there stuff that's just been kind of clogging up your system getting in the way if you've ever seen our uh grey room videos you've been introduced to the concept of general negativity clearing think of it like soaking the pot before you throw it in the dishwasher to make sure that the stuff that's that can be cut off just by soaking is handled many times your major problems go away right. Along at this.

First stage the. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to teach you how to resolve specialized negativity what does this mean it means there are certain things in your life that your unconscious mind will not let go of because it believes that if you let go of the problem the the lessons you learned from it will be forgotten as well and it will and you'll do it again. So if you've ever had a pain or an ache you went to a therapist you got rid of it by the time you got home it was back or maybe you you've um dated the same person with a different face you know what i'm saying that's usually a special negativity case there's something about the template you've been giving that your neurology uh will not refuse us to let go of. So we're going to show you how to deal with that uh.

Then we would teach you default driver states there are four states that people move through the world uh that lead to taking positive affirmative action that are not fear-based that are not negative in in that respect and we're gonna and we teach you in the identity by design system exactly which four states those are and i'll tell you what they are they're relentless curious playful and triumphant okay. Uh we're going to teach you how to reprogram that voice in your head that keeps talking to you tells you all the reasons why you don't deserve something we're going to teach you how to reprogram it and change it into a voice of a trusted mentor who tells you all the reasons why you do deserve it all the reasons you can do it gives you the ability to problem solve and motivates and inspires you to move forward in a way that's healthy for you. Then we're going to teach you how to systematically remove all the negativity from your past. So when you look.

Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better. Then what we do i don't know if any of you familiar with dr bruce lipton's work we take this entire sequence of traits we compress it and we install it before your very. First memory at the genetic level familiar with dr bruce lipton's epigenetic work using hypnosis and transfer we actually install this as a template in the genetic memory. So that your entire body is programmed to filter all of your experiences and behaviors through this process.

So you get the very best version of yourself coming out. Finally what we do in the identity by design system is we teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you truly admire whose skill sets you'd like to have for yourself into you and add it to that whole mix. So you get to become the person that you want to be instead of the person that the universe conspired to make you. So again obviously we don't have time to teach you every single aspect it's a five-day training just in this.

But. But the techniques i'm going to share with you tonight are drawn from this system. So i wanted you to understand it i'm kind of giving you like the sample platter of the buffet and you can decide um after you've after you've done that sampling how far down this rabbit hole you want to go does that sound like a fair uh a deal just type there if you think that's fair all right. So.

First thing i want to do is i want to start to customize the content of this webinar i want to do it right. Off the bat. So i'm going to ask you to do one more thing we're going to do our. First drill okay.

Um and. Then okay. So i'm going to do what i'm going to do is i'm going to make this a very functional webinar for you the. First thing i'm going to do is i'm going to do the drill.

So you can experience the change. Then what i'm going to do is i'm going to come back and i'm actually going to explain why it worked. So you can have that i want you to have the experience. First if that makes any kind of sense.

So i want you to go ahead and type in the chat for me what is it you most want to learn about today what's the biggest most um pressing problem in your life that you would like the uh one. Second let me share my screen what do you want to learn about today what's the biggest most important question about programming your mind for success that you would like the answer to take a moment type your answer in the chat. So i can see it this helps me actually to create future products and future content for you um beautiful more confidence loss of confidence i have a whole speech on confidence that i'm i'm uh i'm going to save that until till this the part three of the webinar just. So people don't get despair or discouraged beautiful not sure okay.

Okay. Excellent very good. So this brings us to the. First drill that we're going to do this is called the emotional connection and motivation checklist and here's the.

First thing that we need i mentioned this earlier. But i'm going to cover it again human beings have a checklist for everything that is right. And desirable in their world okay. Now we're going to talk about the things that you typed into the chat.

So if you type something in the chat i want you to get out a piece of paper right. Now and write that down on the piece of paper what you want what problem you want to solve okay. So physically write it down okay. Human beings also carry inside of them a checklist like i said that must be satisfied in order for them to feel good about moving forward with a transaction or taking action in their life.

So some people are saying things are holding me back okay. There's two aspects to the holding back process a lot of times it's safety lessons and again you heard me mention that when we talked about the identity by design silo what's going to happen in this drill i'm going to again i'm gonna kind of unpack it up front one of two two things are gonna happen when we start doing this drill the. First thing that's gonna happen is you're gonna get super emotional i'm just telling you that right. Up front because that emotions are the fuel that drive every behavior that we take positive or negative emotions are also the filter that warps our perceptions you know how many of you have heard of something called the reticular activating system if you've heard of it type it in the chat okay.

For those of you who have been around planet david you heard me talk about the reticular activating system using a different name that name was called the emotional refractory period in a nutshell the reticular activating system is a physiological part of your brain that governs your perceptions in other words um how many people here know somebody who's really really lucky don't you hate those people right. One of the things that lucky people do is they have an identity that they they they self-identify i can use that word now i'm in california as lucky people right. And. So because they self-identify as lucky people their reticular activating system actually changes their their their perceptual abilities.

So it spots opportunities in a non-linear way in their environment that people who consider themselves average or unlucky do not see it's the same world it's the same universe it's the same vibrational data that's being processed. But this reticular activating system that each of us have has things that will let you see and it has things that won't you with me. So far in other words the reality you think you live in is not real it's made up it's distorted it's deleted it's generalized it's an idealized version of the way the world is supposed to be based on the programming you've received okay. So one of the things that they did in in the uk was they rented a um they wanted to see if lucky people actually had um anything different that they do in terms of psychological attributes that that give them this this this super power of being lucky and.

So they rented a restaurant they hired actors to play the patrons and they broke their test subjects up into three groups the. First group was the control group the. Second group were people who self-identified as being lucky the. Third group were people who self-identified as being unlucky and what they did was they placed a 20-pound note on the floor and they sent each group in in in one individual at a time and they wanted to calibrate how long did it take average people lucky people and unlucky people to spot that 20 pound note on the floor right.

Well as you can probably you know guess the people who are average about 50 percent found it right. Away some took. A little bit longer some didn't see it at all. But it was in terms of the bell curve people were average 100 of the people who went into that to that uh 100 of the lucky people who went into the into the uh the restaurant saw it instantly within seconds they just they zeroed right.

Into them as far as we know the people who self-identified as being unlucky are still looking for the restaurant okay. So how does this relate to this. First exercise that we're going to do one of the biggest ways that you influence your reticular activating system is through emotion every human being moves through the world with an internalized checklist of emotional needs and desires and they and what they're doing they're literally moving through checking off the boxes and every time they get to check off box they get more emotionally invested in something that affects your reticular activating system to us to the nth degree right. If you've ever played the game slug bug where you get in the back of a car and uh you're driving and every time you or your friend sees a volkswagen beetle you have a slug bug in you you give them a charlie horse or punch them in the arm or whatever and.

Then you get out of you get out of the car for the. Next 20 minutes 30 minutes afterwards everywhere you look. You see volkswagen rabbits right. Um or better you've bought a car you've gone from from a dealership to dealership to dealership dealership looking for uh the right.

Car right. And. Then you. Finally find the car you negotiate the price you're driving home and you look.

Out the window and you can't believe what you see look. At the rear view mirror you can't believe what you see everybody in the world bought the same car and is driving it on the same day once again reticular activating system this is a part of you that is largely outside of conscious awareness. But it is under conscious control if you know how to tap into it and that's exactly what we're going to do right. Now i'm going to give you a special drill that once you master it you're going to be able to tap into unstoppable motivation and desire anytime that you want you'll be able to find and isolate any limiting beliefs that you have.

So that you can get rid of them and if you take this out into the world and you use it with your clients and your partners and your friends and your your team that you're leading at work you will discover the most powerful bonding motivating uh way to put the right. People in the right. Place for the right. Reasons anytime you want it's not uncommon when people take this into the real world and start applying it in their business for their success rates to go up 40 50 and while we're on the subject that emotional motivation aside how many of you would like to be 30 to 31 better at everything type in the chat if you'd like if you'd like that for yourself okay.

Here's the secret if you adopt and maintain a fun playful curious easy going emotional state and attitude you automatically become 31 for 30 to 31 percent up to 31 percent more aware 31 percent more flexible behaviorally 31 percent more resourceful and creative 31 percent smarter best part is anybody you're interacting with becomes 31 more compliant in other words when you adopt this playful easygoing curious fun-loving energy anyone you interact with starts to like you more they start to want to go along with the things you're asking them to do is that useful now for those of you who are been around planet david for a while you i know you already know the answer to this question. But for those of you who are first-timers do you know where that statistic comes from it's a really easy-going fun-loving occupation hostage negotiation think about that for a moment is there any environment more dangerous more challenging more inherently problematic than hostage negotiation maybe an la or new york singles bar maybe right. But that if you if you research chris voss's work like never split the difference and the black swan methods and things like that that's where that comes from right. So if you want to be 31 better at everything including the things we're about to do this happen be playful you know like i said before you don't have to believe anything that i'm teaching you all you gotta do is do it right.

And that and that's where we're at now we're in the doing part okay. So remember. First rule hey be playful and curious and explorational anytime anywhere under any circumstances now if you have a problem with that in other words what i mean by problem that is maybe you're kind of in this mode where you're kind of always a sad sack maybe you're always just a little bit on the depressed side sanders says if you believe it it works if you don't believe it it still works yes. Yes.

You don't have to believe it for it to work you just have to you just have to be willing to do it right. Because a lot of people when we talk about not believing it what they're actually saying is i'm going to actually fight against it and see if it still works that's not what i'm talking about if you're marshaling your resources to resist the process you're going to get what you fight for. But if you're at the very least neutral you just let's see what the happens you'll be amazed right. One of the things we've seen over and over again is the only variable is repetitions.

But usually you see like 99 out of 10 people hit it out of the park the. First time kathleen mclean says i want to be amazed kathleen you've been around enough you've seen this work i know you've been i know you've seen this stuff work right. You've been in my groups right. I know.

But i need a tune-up don't we all especially now right. And that's why i'm here this you know this past 24 months has been one of the most challenging in our our history on a psycho-emotional level we need to get our we need to get this real estate back in track to do that we're going to use this real estate okay. So you guys ready to learn this yes. Yes.

As t harvecker would say. So here's what i need you to do now i asked all of you to write down on your on a piece of paper what you wanted to take away some of you said procrastination some of you said get rid of limiting beliefs sometimes to stop holding yourself back some of you weren't sure pretend you were sure what comes up okay. So here's the. First um i'm i'm going to cover this more in depth.

Later. But i'm going to give you three rules i want you to follow your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly and it always feels like you're making it up. So enjoy it we'll cover the rest of that.

Later for this drill though to get deep into it what i'd like us to do is money blocks that's fine now if you're driving don't do what i'm about to ask you to do. But if you want to do the exercise and you're driving or operating equipment. Then what i want you is pull off to the side of the road find a parking lot somewhere put the car in park turn off the ignition uh make sure a cop isn't going to come up and knock on your window to make sure you're not dead or passed out i want you to do is i want you to close your eyes. Right.

Now i want you to stop for a moment and i want you to think about what you wrote on your piece of paper right. Maybe it's clearing money blocks maybe it's you know uh changing personal reactions to things you know maybe it's trending some form of transformation whatever it is i don't care. But i want you to stop i want you to imagine you've done everything i've asked you to do in this webinar you follow the techniques you click the links i've actually do you've done everything i've asked you to do and you nailed it you came away from this webinar with everything you needed to solve that problem and i'm going to ask you to imagine something what might that be like what might you see now that you've solved that problem what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you did the right. Thing you took.

The right. Steps you fixed it and there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now just keep doing this exercise you don't need to type anything right. Now point to where you feel it now look. At that spot with your inner eyes.

And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those wonderful feelings whatever color or colors it is for you just let it pop up. First impression when you've got that what i want you to do is imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head and i'd like you to notice become aware of how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that amazing ball of energy begins to grow it begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of transformation revelation freedom power security whatever it is a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all blockages real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breed those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off take it away not even you when you know you've got that you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you know you've got that i'm going to ask you a question as you live that life over and over again in your mind now that you've got it what did it do for you what's important about achieving having achieved that thing and when you're ready i just want you to open your eyes. And write down what came up what was important to you about getting that what did it do for you and what was important about it go with your. First impressions go with your emotions it's okay. I want you to go ahead and do that and when you're done i want you to go ahead and type done in the chat beautiful okay.

Um [Music] one. Second perfect now close your eyes. Once again now that you know what's important about it what it did for you now that you've got that ask yourself another question what's important about that what's important about having it right. So you had that you solved that problem it did something for you okay.

Now some of you may notice as you begin to do these things that you're you're primarily filled with good feelings true or not true check it in this chat right. Now some of you may have noticed some other feelings coming up here's the. Second part of this when a less than positive feeling came up point to where you feel that and make sure you write that down and here's why anytime you do this process and anything other than a positive feeling comes up what you've discovered is a place in your body or a limiting belief or a traumatic experience connected to getting this thing satisfied is stored you follow me when you do this exercise you're crying perfect if you're not feeling emotional you're not doing it right. Because you call this again let me show you the template for this okay.

So you can see this okay. Right. This is called the emotional bonding checklist. So the.

First thing i did was i had you imagine you solved the problem that you came here to solve right. And i asked you to live that life and i asked you to see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell when you taste that's called cortical activation you don't need to know that for this to work. But if you come to like identity by design our five-day therapeutic hypnotherapy certification you'll learn all the ins and outs of this fire says how do i discover what that limiting belief or trauma is i'm going to teach you to do that in part 3 of the webinar the best part is though is that you don't actually need to know to clear it in many cases if you follow some of the techniques i'm going to share with you throughout this webinar you don't need to know actually what it is because there's a part of you the part that created it in the. First place that always knows there's a belief i mean let me jump back to face to face for you guys right.

Now there's a belief fostered by psychotherapy and the psychology profession that in order for us to clear something we have to know and understand everything about it that's not true in fact you're going to discover that really really quick that 90 of the things that you clear if you go through like the little silo i showed you that identity by design silo 100 of it is content free the person guiding you through it or you guiding yourself through it doesn't need to know because there's a mechanical process for lack of a better word it's not the the most appropriate word. But it's close enough for for government work there's a mechanical process that our system goes through to create everything we think and feel whether it's a fantasy whether it's a trauma whether it's a disease condition whether it's a daydream or a memory or a belief there's a mechanical process that it goes through that's largely doesn't matter what the content is once you understand that you can clear really really quick. So rose says she's not having an emotional reaction what am i doing wrong nothing you may just have extra layers of dissociation again we can show you how to fix that right. Here's the secret and this is again i could give you the neuroscience behind this.

But here's how you how you move through things that come up let's say you you you have trouble seeing colors fine what would it smell like or or what would it sound like use a different part of your brain the other thing is is that the part of you notice i said at the beginning of the drill i said um what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste and. Then i said there are three things you want to pay to your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you guys remember i said that if you remember that type it in okay. Here's why i said it always feels like you're making it up the part of your brain that creates all of your memories all of your traumas all of your daydreams all of your fantasies is the part that makes things up the part that plays pretend and.

So when you tap into this information many times it will feel like something you're just making up the hack from a programming perspective is if i just pretend that something is true that part of my brain will tap in and create the effect i'm going for. So let's say i didn't feel a feeling right. Or i and if i didn't feel the feeling how can i point to where i feel it very common especially if you've got a high level of dissociation or dissociative identity issues right. Pretend that you do.

So it says when we. First started i was sitting slouched now i feel better and i'm stronger beautiful you're doing it right. Whatever responses you get from doing this process are right. For you you just have to figure out what these feelings mean.

So if i'm having trouble finding a feeling go with your. First impression remember trust it and pretend you know where it's at pretend you're doing it and believe me 99 times out of 100 will be right. Or. So close to right.

It doesn't matter okay. So at the end of the day i think it was linda i was looking at pretend you do feel something and pre or rose pretend you feel it and if you pre and if you could pretend to feel it anywhere where would you pretend to feel it your neurology will automatically give you an answer point to where you feel it and just pick up with the drill mechanically the way that i've been leading you through it can you pretend you don't feel fear you can pretend it for sure and if you pretend it long enough it'll be true right. But again the pretend mechanism is designed as a way of kind of working around an extra layer of filter or dissociation between you and the experience a lot of people have extra extra firewalls built in their neurology that they think because they don't do it exactly the way everybody else does it that um they're doing it wrong no. You just have extra extra thickness in in the firewall if that makes any kind of sense.

But if you play pretend they work right. Like i said you don't got to believe it can you pretend you don't have any yes. You can actually. But again we're not we're not putting a band-aid on the problem what we're doing is we're tapping into the same system through a different pathway.

So again i want to i want to be very clear on this because again people can think well david's just saying pretend you don't have it that's not what i'm saying the part of you that controls all of your subjective experiences is the same part that makes things up now sometimes we try to tap into a certain type of energy we feel blocked. But you can you can access that same mechanism through a different doorway by pretending the information that you already have the information that i'm asking you for could i repeat the three characteristics of an unconscious response absolutely always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up i'll give you number four right. While we're at it too you always have an urge to edit what just came up.

So if you were doing this exercise and something came up and the. Next thing you you felt in your heard in your body was that's not right. That was part four right. Always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always feels like you have an urge to edit what just came up okay. You have a strong belief of abandonment and rejection you built that belief a certain way once you understand how you built it you can change it you got to make. But you just got to make sure and we're going to cover this in part three you just got to make sure that your neurology says it's okay. To get rid of it okay.

All right. For those of you again a few of you are having challenges and that's okay. I get it pretend point to where you feel it imagine there's a color pretend there's a color it'll work okay. But let me get back to what farhad was asking about if you do this in most cases your body will be filled with really good emotional feelings for some of you you'll notice other feelings in the background point to where you feel those because as you uncover those negative feelings those are storage places in the body where you're holding on to limiting beliefs traumatic experiences things of that nature okay.

You just found beliefs you didn't know you had understand what i'm saying sometimes in order to find a belief that you didn't know you had you have to do the inverse of it you have to do something that triggers it. So again when we circle back i want you to write down where those were and when we come back okay. Perfect again you don't have to tell me where they're at for right. Now right.

It's again as long as you know where they're at you can fix this all right. But i want you to close your eyes. Again go back to the. First part of our drill imagine you satisfy those things in other words you you see what you see you hear what you hear you smell it you taste and you again again notice the color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through you can they be in the same place yes.

Yeah everybody does it a little bit differently okay. Okay. Beautiful now on your sheet did you write down what's important to you about that and what having it'll do for you if you did type that type yes. In the chat please.

So i know we're all on the same page and by the way for those of you who got a negative feeling you still did it right. You just found things you need you just found your priorities when it comes to getting this beautiful right. Again for those of you who aren't sure what to write imagine for a moment remember when you decided to join me on this webinar there was something you wanted to learn. So that you could have you could you could achieve something in your life i want you to stop for a moment and imagine what it might be like to actually have that you've gone through all the processes i've shared with you you've followed my instructions you've upgraded your life in whatever way i've taught you to do right.

And now you're living that life what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste and when you do all that there's going to be a body feeling it's the body feeling we want because the body feelings are what come control everything the moment we can tap into a body feeling turn that body feeling into a color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your body right. Some of you may even break out in a sweat get warm all over get tingly in addition to the emotions that's okay. Right. But this is what i want you to have because again as you build on this process you're going to gain more and more control over your neurology you're going to gain more and more control over those limiting beliefs you're going to learn how to remove them from your mind and your body are we all clear on that you guys want to take the.

Next step okay. So assuming you followed my instructions right. You imagine having it you lived the life you realized what it did for you you asked yourself what's important about it now ask yourself this the question again what's important about having that and write that answer down go with your. First impression you don't have to don't write it in the chat write it on your paper you need to have this okay.

I need you to physically write down what pops into your head that's positive and desirable okay. When you've done that type done in the chat beautiful okay. Now read the read your answer to the. First question what's important about out loud read the.

Second question what's important about out loud now ask yourself a. Third time about the. First two answers what's important about that. So if you've done this properly what you should have is okay.

I lived that life and this is what it did for me this is what was important about it okay. What's important about having that what's important about having that okay. Far ahead hold up take that feeling pull it out of your body put it on the side for now and we will revisit again when we circle back we're gonna get rid of that for you okay. For those of you who are wondering about the negative things coming up don't worry about it we'll fix them before you leave we'll show you how to fix it how clean things will be.

Finally feeling good about things very good beautiful now what did you notice when you breathe those colors again um the blast majority did you get more motivated inspired and excited did you feel good feelings yes. Beautiful would you like to learn how to take it even further all right. Now everybody stand up take your paper in your hand now for those of you who are going to who want to use this with clients um partners team members things of that nature the feelings you're about to experience the good ones are exactly what you're going to be giving to every single person that you do this process with you know again in another webinar i'll show you how to do this with clients and things of that right. Now we're doing it for ourselves here's what i want you to do i want you to take your piece of paper with your answers to your questions on it i want you to hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and i want you to read your answers only your answers to the what's important about question all three you should have three answers written that are positive i want you to read them five times out loud go ahead and do that stand up hold the paper at about a 45 degree angle read the answers to your questions five times out loud and type done when you're done what's important about that was the only question that we asked what's it gonna do for you what's important about it all right.

What happened when you read your answers out loud type in the chat what happened when you read your answers out loud nothing okay. Feel more confident got louder made a declaration felt real heard my voice stronger felt good the information tingly expanded is this a good thing beautiful right. What you've just done is tapped into your belief system and your value system for the things that emotionally fulfill and satisfy you when you generate a massive emote which says you've got goosebumps when you generate a massive emotional charge this way your reticular activating system reorients itself you become extremely inspired are you guys motivated now to take actions and do things yes. Or no.

Yes. Or yes. Right. Boom right.

How long did that take right. Perfect guys you're doing great you guys ready to uh take it to the. Next level one. Second i mean let me use my powerpoint because i don't use it that much right.

Okay. Who wants to take things to the. Next level you guys ready beautiful all right. Now those my youtubers i love you guys too there's a bit of a delay between when i speak something in the video chat when it shows up in your feed right.

So again the chats are in real time. But everything else um is a little bit of a delay. So with your permission i mentioned at the beginning of our webinar let me jump out of this really quick at the beginning of the webinar i mentioned that for the. First hour hour 15 minutes or.

So i was going to lay the foundations for things for you i was going to give you some experiences that you can use to build on. So what we just did today in the. First um i gave you three things i mean a lot of other things. But i gave you three primary things i gave you the fastest hack of being 31 percent better at everything i again gave you a a technique known as the emotional motivation checklist okay.

And i link that to a process known as color breathing now colored breathing is a technique that connects all the different divisions of your nervous system autonomic nervous system central nervous system proprioceptive nervous system intercepted nervous system mirror neurons exteroception interoception delilah says wow i'm breathing. So deeply suddenly it creates and connects all the different levels of your neurology using a common language right. And. Then we gave and.

Then using the concept of the emotional motivation checklist with this color breathing we amplified and magnified things by speaking your checklist out loud this magnetized you and harmonized all the different divisions of your neurology to begin to move in the same direction now part of that some of you notice less than positive feelings come up that's great because if that happened that means your neurologist saying hey i'm all for that. But we gotta clear this stuff. First and that's what we're gonna do in part three of our webinar when we start removing blocks success getting over limiting beliefs getting rid of negative emotions all of those things okay. But i promised you that i would show you that there was an offer we put a program together for you that would teach you the entire system.

So you can apply it to yourself and if you work with clients um how to do that. So with your permission i'd like to go ahead and talk to you about that and share it with you and uh give you an opportunity to to level up would that be fair type yes. If you think that's fair beautiful all right. So this is again i know some of you like the minute we start going into offers and things like that they jump off or whatever i highly recommend you you stick to the end because like i said when we're done with this we're going to come back and we're going to take everything we've learned in the.

First segment and we're going to apply it to clearing your removing procrastination and getting you on the fast track okay. So with your permission i'd like to teach you about a program we call the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training for success home study course this course is going to teach you all about helping take your own life to your. Next level and if you work with clients it's going to show you very very way to open a whole new income stream for you uh if you work with clients in any way shape or form this is going to hyper accelerate your success rates it's all about making more money closing more deals uh getting more dates helping more people and feeling more confident powerful in yourself if this is something if you answered yes. To any of the things that we we talked about at the very beginning of the webinar this can deliver.

So much more than what we talked about. But again the i you don't have to believe it you just got to do it. So here's what we put together this offer does expire uh tonight january 26 2022 11 59 pm um while we're on that subject i know a lot of you like leave messages for stephanie and things like that make sure if you do that you leave your contact information because if you if you least leave your contact information when she reaches out to you you'll qualify for any benefits or bonuses if you don't and you call up the. Next day and try to get in you're going to miss out.

So here's what we got for you the secrets of personality transformation home study course is a 14 video set that covers the seven stage identity by design process and a mind control training self-directed format. So it has those seven stages we'll teach you how to uh systematically remove the negativity you didn't even know you had from your mind and body how to remove the specialized negativity the things that uh keep you from actually um taking action or bring back the things you thought you got rid of we'll show you how to resolve that we'll teach you how to program into yourself those default positive driver states of relentless curiosity playfulness and a sense of victory and triumph. So that you move through the world positively magnetized your reticular activating system is specialized towards perceiving things that make your life better right. We're going to teach you how to systematically change that voice inside your head to one that instead of tearing you down and telling all the reasons why you don't deserve success or why you're a loser or all these other things to a voice that builds you up inspires you motivates you and you that wherever you go no.

Matter what you do no. Matter what life hands you you are always loved you are always good enough and you're never ever alone right. If you're wondering what i mean when i say that voice inside your head it's the voice inside that just said what voice okay. It's there we all have one right.

I'll show you how it's built i'll show you how to change it and customize it to be what you want it to be instead of what randomness and the society programmed into you it's about getting freedom at the highest level mentally physically and emotionally. Then we're going to teach you how to systematically remove all the negativity from your past that when you do look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better i'm going to take that entire sequence we're going to install it into you as a genetic template if you're familiar with any of bruce lipton's work on epigenetics you can change your dna through hypnotic programming we're going to show you how that works we're going to show you a faster more pervasive more powerful way to reprogram your entire neurology uh using some of the techniques that we share with you here on this webinar. But also a much deeper level of technique and.

Then. Finally we're going to teach you how to program into your own mind and body the traits qualities and characteristics of people you admire people who you want to be like if there's a famous let's say you love to play tennis and there's this famous tennis player whose skills you would love to have for yourself you like to borrow those build on those we'll show you how to do that if there's a a public speaker or an actor or a musician whose skills you covet and you'd like to be more like we'll show you how to do that. So that you can create customize and create the exact life that you want to have rather than the one that everybody's trying to force you to live okay. So again we're also going to include um in this special special exercises for reprogramming your subconscious mind um and how to do this entire process in as little as seven and a half minutes uh it comes with the identity by design manual which is about uh just under uh just under 200 pages it has uh modules on conversational hypnosis it has modules on um rapid instant rapid hypnosis inductions things of that nature and you get access to a special online community with over 210 active members.

So you know 297 value for each of the modules we talked about plus the manual is 418 total value for you should you choose to accept it it's 2497. But like i said this is a package and. So when i designed this i designed it for you specifically i designed it for people who are basically stuck at home maybe you can't get out to a live event no. Matter how much you'd like to who wants the biggest bang for their buck who wants to make sure that you have as complete a system for personal transformation as humanly possible.

So i've added these bonuses that i think you'll really enjoy. So here we go. First and foremost you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course this is a video course a five a five day video training um that covers my entire hypnotherapy curriculum it's going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind how to hypnotize people including yourself anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason identity by design for some mysterious reason seems to produce some of the most powerful therapists i've ever seen. But the personal transformation work that you go through as a byproduct of this is absolutely amazing uh it'll completely change your life it'll teach you how to remove blocks to your success remove those limiting beliefs many that you didn't even know you had uh how to remove the hidden negativity from your life and your mind as well as your clients how to change that crappy voice inside your client's head.

So that it builds them up and moves them forward instead of tearing them down and holding them back um how to resolve all the negativity from your past the stuff they don't even know they had the stuff that when you look. Unconsciously back on it makes you not want to go forward. So when you do look. Back on the past you'll remember it in ways that make your life better and.

Finally of course to install the traits qualities and characteristics that you want and for your clients as well we'll teach you instant rapid hypnosis imagination games a special consultation that motivates and inspires 99 of the people who go through it to become a client. So if you want to build your business we're going to show you what we call the no. Fail consult client screening process it's really powerful we'll teach you modules on conversational hypnosis we'll teach you an introduction to regression therapy called the gift we'll show you how to rapidly create powerful unconscious programming for yourself and your clients it's really an amazing course we've had people who've literally had to do this stuff in hotel lobbies undergoing renovations right. Next to an active jackhammer with 100 percent success some of those people are on the webinar tonight it's a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of these secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course it's a great expansion on the you the self personality transformation product total value.

So far 2 94 um hold on a. Second that can't be right. My math is off that's actually like 3 000 something um someone typed in a math for me on that one i didn't realize it was a typo there. Anyway um we're also going to throw in for those of you who have a spiritual or are fans of law of attraction this is our flagship manifestation home study course this is called hidden laws of attraction it was filmed live in las vegas it's mind magic and manifestation made easy and it's going to teach you how to systematically tap into the power of your subconscious mind to once again vibrationally spiritually uh find and remove the blocks to your health wealth success and happiness that you may not even have known you had how to become a money magnet how to literally magnetize yourself to pull more money into your life how to influence people remotely for healing for influence persuasion and applications it also teaches you um some really cool uh other energy healing things we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away uh power a powerful new information method now the information is my term it's one of the most powerful ways to talk to your nervous system in such a way that just lights you on fire gets all of your systems um all of your systems align just like the emotional motivation checklist that we did at the beginning this takes it even further if you like the feelings that you got if you want more and you want to really get on fire and talk to your neurology in the way it was originally designed by the universe to be talked to this will actually supercharge uh your ability to do that and manifest the things you want if you have motivation issues this will blow these out of the water okay.

It'll teach you to attract the things you want and change what you deserve this is one of the big ones you know one of the biggest problems we have with law of attraction is there's a lot of things we want that we just don't feel we deserve right. And this this will show you how to find those things and we'll show you how to change them right. We'll clear the negativity from your past we'll teach you to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people remember at the beginning of the webinar i said lucky one of the traits that all lucky people share is they self-identify as lucky there's five other traits that if you have the identity by design training you can build this into yourself and absolutely accelerate and amplify the amount of luck in your life okay. Um we'll teach and.

Finally prob definitely not least i'm going to share with you one of the most powerful engines of personal transformation and manifestation i have ever seen it's called image cycling uh and there are people on this on this call who've seen me manifest practically impossible things if you're a healer um if you're into spiritual improvement or empowerment image cycling was developed originally uh in the bankston energy healing system and i adapted the methodology to become one of the most powerful ways to manifest anything you want in life um the only variable is time it's it's insane my whole doctorate was actually a byproduct of this manifestation engine i will show you how to do it how to set it up and how to get it activated in your life uh in this part of this course it's a 1497 value total value. So far 5491. But as you can see we're not done and ninety is yet uh we're also going to throw in real world conversation hypnosis this is the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol now why if i'm teaching how to reprogram your subconscious mind am i actually teaching you a course on conversational hypnosis and persuasion let me jump in let me let me explain this to you really really quickly one of the things that we have to do there's two there's two components to success the. First is the identity that you have which includes your belief system your sense of deservingness um the things you're you you're holding you back the the programming you've got that was what this webinar is about.

But there's another component to success that causes us to be stymied or um not manifest the things we're programming ourselves to do and that is a lack of skill set the inability to take an action. So what i've done with this program is the. First half of the program is all about inner game getting your mind right. Getting all of your your belief systems in alignment getting this traits the qualities the skills the attributes that you need to be super successful reprogram yourself and custom design your identity the.

Second pieces are all about skills skills that you need to go out and take the actions in the world that lead to the manifestation of the life you want because if you can't move through the world inspiring and motivating people to want to do the things that you want them to do to side with you to a lie with you. Then you're dead in the water right. So you need both halves of this equation. So when i created this package for you i said to myself okay.

How do we get their head right. How do we get them aligned spiritually and vibrationally for the law of attraction and how do we give them the final component how do we teach them the ground how do we get them to actually be able to take the actions in the real world that lead that manifestation and that mind programming that we spent. So much time doing to appear and this is what we've done is we've created we've given you two cloud two programs that will absolutely supercharge your ability to ground this work uh in the real world and custom write your ticket in this life and this is the self uh real world conversation hypnosis we call this the universal persuasion protocol in this program you're going to learn how to instantly rapidly control your state at will how to go into and out of any psycho-emotional state at the drop of a hat in any order or sequence to transfer those emotions to connect with another person on the deepest level a byproduct of this is that you'll never no. One will ever be able to push your buttons physically or emotionally ever again you become extremely powerful and confident and relentless in your ability to move through the world being the person you want to be it's going to teach you how to talk to people in such a way that they become they hang on your head every word anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason how to emotionally bond and connect with anyone you meet at will remember those feelings we talked about we experienced in the beginning we felt all this energy rising up out of you what if everybody you talked to felt that way about you that's what it's going to do for you it's going to teach you how to take this emotional bonding checklist and try and create a bridge between you and another human being.

So they feel inspired motivated and driven salivating in many cases to do what you want them to do for their reasons not yours and that's all about win-win okay. You find out what they want you demonstrate that you can give it to them they will choose to do business with you automatically you can apply this to relationships you can apply this to teaching you can apply this to therapy okay. It's about communication and connection everywhere you go okay. We're gonna teach you how to control your emotions and use them to connect with others we're going to teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist you use them all the time.

Anyway you just don't know how powerful they truly are one language pattern will teach you how to make anything you want cause anything you want in the mind of yourself or your listeners one one pattern will allow you to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners would that be a useful skill to have especially if you're a therapist right. Or a coach or a motivator or a team leader one these one another one of these patterns will allow you to force a person's internal mental movies to be exactly what you describe in the way they most like it with zero trance of mistranslation another pattern is will literally cause a person's awareness to focus exactly on the things you want to the exclusion of everything else and automatically begin any state process or experience mentally that you describe okay. That's just four patterns there's three others that are just take your influence abilities off the chart one of these patterns don't tell you which one it is is. So powerful you can't even resist it when you know it's being done right.

Notice which one that might be and try to exist it notice what happens instead right. Uh if you would like to learn how to make people like love and trust you on command at will anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason might there be a practical use for this this is a course that will give you those skills to exp express your power in a gentle loving irresistible way to help people and yourself get the life you want the way that you want it if you would like to gain more magnetic charisma on command this is the course that will do it for you and. So much more included in this course again this is. So you can take action in the real world right.

It's a 1950 value we're gonna give it to you absolutely free as part of um this package tonight for just being on the webinar for staying with us and playing with us right. Um. But we got one more thing i want to share with you this is called renegade reframing remember at the beginning of our training i said human beings have belief systems right. Well what if for every limiting belief that you discovered in yourself or other people you had 14 different ways to change that limiting belief what would what would that do for you think about it for a moment if you if you had 14 solutions to any limiting belief you encountered any objection to any argument that you encountered if you have 14 different ways to change it in minutes sometimes even seconds what would that do for your life right.

This particular course renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes is one of i call this a bridge class and one of the reasons i say that is this class specifically acts as a bridge between other people belief systems and your own you can take the techniques taught in this in this program and apply them to your own limiting beliefs and change them in seconds that i'm i'm teaching some of this in my coaching club program right. Now and on the very. First day one of our our our students came in and we hit and he i had i asked him to give me uh two or three limiting beliefs and i hit him with a couple of these patterns and by like 10 or 15 seconds into it his brain started lighting up like a christmas tree it started creating different um perspectives and ranges of thought and all his limiting beliefs started to just dissolve because he had all these other options that poked up in his head that he he didn't need to be stuck anymore and. So beliefs when they hit us because of the way they're built often feel like they're unchangeable immutable iceberg sized blockages in our life that can't be changed they're actually quite easy to change uh and.

So this particular program is something you can use for yourself you can use it with your clients you can use it to write powerful sales copy you can use it to motivate and inspire people this works great for children because a lot of times the thing the only thing standing between a negative experience for a child and success is a limiting belief and if you can give a child a way to look. At something that inspires and motivates them and expands their sense of possibilities you've given them the key to making their life exactly what they want it to be you've allowed them the ability to actualize all of their potential. So this is i'm very very proud of this course and it's literally changed the lives and the thinking patterns of thousands of people all over the world i'm giving this to you absolutely free it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value as a way to amplify and magnify all the powerful change work that you've done the secrets of personality transformation identity by design to self-actualize your ability to take actions in the real world and remove obstacles to your success in other people it's a ninth and total combined value is nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars. So just to review what's in the package secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course uh 14 video set plus manuals 2 497 value you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course the 1497 value you're going to get the hidden laws of attraction my magic and manifestation master class 1497 value we're going to give you the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol formula this gives you the ability to influence people anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance from the classroom to the seminar room to the therapy room to the boardroom the bedroom and all points in between.

So and 1 dollar value we're going to give it to absolutely free and. Finally fourth of fourth of the mega bonuses in this particular program is the renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs during normal conversations in seconds and minutes instantly it's a 1950 value total uh value if you were to try to buy these on the website and some of these you actually can't buy you can't find them on the website because we don't offer them except through the webinar program it's 9 391. But as you can probably imagine for those of you who are on tonight's webinar i want you to have the best chance possible to make your life everything you want it to be right. And i'm going to i'm going to continue to teach even beyond this segment of the webinar.

So you have those tools. But today i want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay 9391 we're not even gonna make you pay six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars i could take another two grand off that or um and drop it down to three thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars. But i'm not going to do that either because i want you to make 2022 your breakout year i want you to have a different life in order to have a different life if you want something different you got to do something different.

So i'm inviting you to become a member of planet david to take up courses field test them i'm not even going to make you pay 2 347 in fact if you want everything i've talked about you want the life you were born to live rather than the life that society is trying to program you to live if you want to break free of your chains and move forward you can get it all one low installment of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help city we're saying well can we can we make it payments over time yes. You can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you need to do to grab your package is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mine that's www.davidsnidernop.com forward slash mine www www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind there's a link should be appearing in your chat go ahead and click that link if you're interested in taking your life to the. Next level okay. Now obviously uh for those of you there's there's certain types of people in life there are people who kind of sit and ruminate and wait to the.

Last minute and. Then they jump on it and that's fine. But there are other people who know when something's right. And they're early adopters they're action takers now i've always had a belief that the behavior that gets repeated or the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and.

So when i might when i find somebody in planet david who is ready to take action who's ready to level up i want to motivate them i want to reward them for being a fast action taker. So. First and foremost i'm going to give you a 60-day trial when you get this course you have 60 days take these puppies out test these techniques if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money attracting more success manifesting the life of your dreams if the fears and the self-sabotage and the limiting beliefs and procrastination aren't dissolving or rapidly gone from your life if you're not winning more social encounters and custom creating a life that you want if you're not satisfied for any reason i will refund your money you have absolutely zero risk to do this okay. Test drive it for 60 days if it works keep going man if it doesn't let us know and if you're having sticking points pick up the phone and tell us you're having a challenge tell us where you're having some confusion we pride ourselves on our service if you have a question we will get you the answer and if after 60 days those answers aren't bearing fruit let us know we'll refund your money okay.

You have absolutely zero risk all you got to do now is go to www david forward slash mine www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash minus they say in youtube smash that button click that link i've been watching way too much youtube uh and instagram and all this other stuff i don't do tick tock that's my kids. But www.davidsnydernlp.com and of course as you may have surmised if that wasn't amazing enough already if you grab your course before tonight january 26 2022 at 11 59 p.m i'm going to include some really cool super fast action bonuses the. First one is the difference that makes the difference this is called the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group and 10-year video archive this is a group i've been running um every every on the. Third saturday of every month for the.

Last 11 years actually longer than that we started in 2010. So it's actually going on 12 years now okay. And what we do on the. Third saturday of every month people come in either live which is usually what we do or virtually and i literally go around and say holly what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn jason what do you want jeff what do you want to learn tina what do you want to learn uh moses what do you want to learn and i write down what they want to learn on the board i step back i look.

At it i see where all the connecting threads are i create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next three four hours i drill you on that on those skills until you can do them in your sleep the nlp power mastermind mentoring archive is a hands-on group mentoring program designed specifically to give you the exact skills you came to learn and nothing else okay. Um it's a great way to to to bond with people who are like-minded who have the same interests and desires that you do you will not get a certificate from the mentoring program what you will get is the opportunity to work hands-on with lots of cool people doing who like to do cool stuff you'll come away you go out into the world to take the skills that you've learned and start making your life the way that you want it um if you uh if mary's asking about the payment plan on the website if you reach out mary to um stephanie at nlp power or call her directly she'll set up the payment plan for you okay. Um.

So yeah. But here's the best part you notice it said on the slide mastermind mentoring practice group and 10-year video archive what i have done every year for the past going on 12 years actually is i have videotaped every single session that we've ever taught i've archived that video footage from those four six four and eight hour workshops on the nlp power website on the uh facebook. Our private facebook. Group as well as some of it is now actually available on our our subscriber level youtube channel as a member of the power mastermind mentoring group archive you will have the ability to come in for three months straight on the.

Third saturday of every month roll up your sleeves do some drills and get some skills and they'll be the things you want to know about right. But the best part is you'll have unlimited access for those 90 days to 11 plus years of video content that has never seen the light of day stuff that only our elite people can can access um and it covers everything from attraction law of attraction personal transformation healing psychic skills energy healing marketing uh hypnotherapy regression therapy neuro linguistic programming conversational hypnosis advanced spiritual development and energy skills it's in there right. You can binge watch hundreds and hundreds of hours of this content to your heart's content for a full 90 days right. If you like what you're learning if you like the people if you're getting value from it and you want to stay just pick up the phone let us know and we'll extend your membership we'll show you how to do that if you like the 90 days and you kind of got what you needed you don't need any more you got 90 days of some of the some of the coolest content on the planet that most people will never see right.

It's my gift to you and it's as you can probably guess it's way it's way more valuable than the 594 listed here. But i didn't update the slide. So we're gonna give this to you absolutely free as part of the fast action bonuses for those of you who know they want to do this okay. Let me go back to sharing my screen.

But i wanted to jump off and just kind of look. You in the eye and explain that to you total combined value. So far is 9 985 we're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now this is a scaled down distilled concentrated approach to being able to watch a couple videos and go out into the world that night and start hypnotizing people there are videos on the seven most powerful language patterns the three magic question protocol which generates immense liking trusting and love there are six videos on called um instant influence which is me doing a live event teaching the same language patterns and drilling people on them there's a video course in there called instant inductions made easy which teaches you how to do instant rapid hypnosis inductions again this course was specifically designed for people who don't want to sit through six days of material who want to learn watch something tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow it comes with comes with uh workbooks transcripts and a ton of video including i think anchors in action and a video on lie detection is also in there. So this is a great great crash course it's a 997 dollar value it's yours absolutely free because i know some of you don't want to wait they want if you want to go out into the world you want to test these skills you want to see how they work for you to ten thousand nine hundred and eighty two dollars of combined value.

So far. But we're not done just yet you know one of the things that i've seen over and over and over again is the power of live training the power of getting a getting a person in a room for three five seven days and just putting them through their paces getting these skills from theory into application in a way that they embody those skills for those of you who want that level to not only just understand and know these skills. But to embody them to personify to be able to truly do them anytime anywhere for any reason under any circumstance if you just want a freaking excuse to get out of your house and go somewhere cool for the. Next 27 people who grab this package we are now to issue you a free vip super ticket this super ticket will give you free admission to our.

Next real world hypnosis identity by design five-day hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification boot camp live in las vegas march 8th through the 12th 2022 some restrictions do apply. But most of them won't apply to you okay. Um and what this is is a five day deep dive into everything you need to know to be an unstoppable change worker how to get people past their traumas their phobias their limiting beliefs overcoming blocks success procrastination how to customize using that identity by design style we talked about to allow people to become the person they truly want to be if you were a coach if you're a therapist if you want to be a coach or a therapist this is the most unstoppable get it from zero to hero training that exists it's going to cover instant and rapid inductions imagination games screening and profiling clients um suggestion self-suggestion the seven-day identity by design silo the introduction to regression as well as some powerful self-hypnosis techniques uh and. So much more this is probably this particular pro i'm really proud of this program i gotta tell you uh it puts out some of the most powerful unstoppable hypnotists and change workers i've ever seen um it will take you from zero to hero in five days and the best part is you will be surrounded by some of the most amazing people that you can imagine you will come out thoroughly changed and transformed as a byproduct of this package and it will allow you to custom write your path in this world if you want it as if you want to use it as a separate income stream you can do that if you just want to use it to help yourself and your family you can do that if you just want to use it for yourself you can do that five days in vegas with me and some of the coolest most powerful hypnotists on the planet and people just like you who want more from life and the tools to get there it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free now the best thing about our vip tickets is that they don't expire let's say for some reason um your schedule's full you can't get to vegas march 8th through the 12th pick up the phone let stephanie know we will move you to a different training we will give you that vip ticket to use for something else if for some reason you can't make the five-day event let's say something comes up at the.

Last minute new round of code restrictions a new variant comes out government lock won't let you on the plane boss is an death in the family whatever all you got to do is pick up the phone let us know we will move you to the. Next available identity by design training okay. Once you have this ticket it's yours until you use it if it takes you six years 10 years 20 years to get to a live event that ticket is still good if something comes up let's say from uh you want to come to a training. But you waited too long and now it's full up there's no.

More room if you have one of these vip tickets we'll find a seat for you we will make a seat for you if you want to gift this training to somebody else who you think would benefit from that five-day certification you can gift it to them it's yours to do with as you wish it's. But this ticket is limited to the. First 27 people to register today and specifically while i'm on tonight's webinar when i log off the webinar tonight this bonus and the other two fast action bonuses go away you still have until 11 59 pm tonight to get the the four pack. But if you want all the fast action bonuses you got to grab them before i log off the webinar tonight which is good for you because i'm going to be on for another hour or.

So at least uh teaching you cool stuff total value 1 950 value for this super ticket it's actually two hundred fifty dollars because we've raised our prices i need to update this powerpoint like really badly. Anyway combined values twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars right. What you're gonna get secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training plus manual it's two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're gonna get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give it to you free you're gonna get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course plus manual 1497 value absolutely free you're going to get the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol instant conversation hypnosis course a rapid conversation of nurses course one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value you're gonna get that absolutely free you're gonna get renegade reframing how to overcome objections in conversational belief change in seconds 1950 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the nlp power mastermind mentoring three-month trial membership in 10-year video archive access 594 value given to you 100 free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 dollar body we're gonna give that to you free and. Finally i love this i love this because it puts.

So many cool people in the same room with me the vip super ticket real world hypnosis and hypnotherapy identity by design five-day hypnotherapy certification boot camp it's a nine hundred and fifty dollar value you can get it all for today today only 997 dollars or if you need extra extra help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind david snyder nlp.com forward slash mind www dot david nlp forward slash mine click the link click the link click the link reserve your spot reserve your spot reserve your spot while you're doing that i'm going to give everybody else a seven minute break. So you can get that handled when we come back we're going to pick up where we left off we're going to start to dissolve those limiting beliefs that we found at the beginning of our training we're going to show you i'm going to give you a little bit of the theory. So you understand why this works and. Then it's going to be up to you where you want to go.

Next right. Because like i said before we're going to teach you the foundations we're going to give you some experiences we're going to explain what we have for you and when we're done with that we're going to come back we're going to pick up we're going to continue to teach and deliver powerful actionable real world techniques that you can use to put into action and change your life and change your mind for health well success and happiness it's all for you guys. So we'll see you in seven minutes at six around 5 50 p.m my time talk to you soon do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do okay. I'm back early.

So if anybody has any questions you can type them in the chat i'll answer questions while we're waiting let's see here i guess there's some questions in the facebook. Group about the. Next mastermind the. Next mastermind will be i believe this saturday or sunday because we had to postpone it uh it'll be this this saturday i believe um uh january 29th at 11 a.m pacific how long have i been doing this i've been doing this it really depends on when you count me starting i taught hypnosis and nlp for free for 10 years before i ever decided to certify anybody or create a course or what have you.

So you can easily say i've been doing this since 2004 2002 or 2003. i've been doing nlp hypnosis a lot longer uh i just started doing in california around 2005. So i've been in private practice uh energy using energy medicine hypnotherapy and nlp since 2005 when i graduated from acupuncture school why did i get into this profession that's a funny story um i got into this profession because i wanted to be a better i wanted to be better there were things in my life i was the classic bully kid and um all my life i was manipulated lied to persecuted i mean people would literally come to my door and try to trick my dad into letting me come out. So they could beat me up it was it was not a good it was not a good time for me and i was desperate really desperate for any way to empower myself to change the results i was getting with people um and and honestly helping others at that time you know if you told me 20 years ago i'd be in a room 15 8 10 hours a day helping other people get healthier i had to laugh at you because all i really wanted to do was you know kick butt get chicks and be cool. But an interesting thing happens is when you start on this this path of solving your problems you get on this path of personal empowerment and self-development your values change because as you solve problems it frees up bandwidth and a desire to do things at a higher and larger level elizabeth's asking will this work for illness yes.

Most illnesses have a psycho-emotional component that is the the lion's share of the problem and uh this will work hydrolyzes and you succeeded to be on anyone else's i i'm not done yet delilah i mean thank you. So much for that. But um i'm not done i mean you you guys are part of my we we have this concept let me jump off the clear the powerpoint really quick we have this content this this concept in chinese and taoist spirituality called ming and men literally means destiny we have a class called golden path where people learn about that and one of the things that that we discover was that um you have this mission your design you probably have you've all had this question from one time to another what am i suppose i'm here for some big purpose what am i supposed to do with it right. Um the daoist had an answer for that the taoist said that each of you has a golden path a ming a mandate from heaven and that you're given certain skills and qualities and attributes that are designed to to allow you to return to what they call your pardon me original face which is that spiritual being you were before you took.

On a body most of that is in alignment with the things that bring you joy that light you up some of it is in the things that make you want to run away and the daoist said that as you get on this spiritual path the universe kind of conspires to to help you live longer to um to live a more satisfying thrilling and fulfilling life now how does that relate to you know where i started versus where i am now one of the things that happens is as you go through these stages in your golden path the things you think of as problems now that are challenges that are horrible blocks they become stepping stones just a better version of yourself and you learn things about yourself and your capabilities as a byproduct of going through that and you start to develop an idea of a life direction maybe not a job because golden path is a lot more than about a job it's about a life direction that you take that leads to the you becoming the best version of yourself you could say delilah your true power for sure people say that when i get on stage something happens some energy comes out of me that that that you know i'm just me i'm just having a ball doing what i love to do uh and i love watching the lights come on i love people i love watching people free themselves from the limiting shackle from the shackles that society and culture and genetic memory have all imposed on us now i spent my life trying to be a better me and what i discovered along the way was some answers and i discovered something else. But there were a lot of other people out there trying to be a better version of themselves too and this could help them and i discovered again i don't believe in altruism i i'm the selfish selfish on the planet i discovered that when i shared these concepts with people in a way that was spiritually healthy for them the lights came on and i had this rush of energy this rush of revelation and transformation in myself and i want to keep feeling i want to share it i love watching the likes going i love people taking these tools going out into the world and getting a result you know people tell me you know people write to me all the time again don't take this the wrong way i don't mean you should stop doing it. But people write to me all the time and tell me how amazing i am and that's nice. But you know what really inspires me you know what really excites me is when people write to me and tell me how they took.

Something they learned from me and used it and got the result they wanted and how it's changed their life i get more excited when people take the material and go and do something with it than anybody calling and writing me and telling me how wonderful i am because my job is to pay this forward the universe and i have some amazing teachers that i still learn from today the universe has been my teacher the universe has gifted me with things and insights that have set me free have helped set my students free and i want to share those with you that's all i want to do and that sounds hokey you know. But it's that's really what it's about you know i mean money is good you know the money tends to take care of itself though when you're when you're on path when you're on mission on a spiritual level all that stuff lines up. But sometimes we need help we need a way to tap into the system to understand how it works the way god intended it to work and use it instead of just letting it default right. And that's what this class is really and this package is really all about.

So that being said let me just review this one time we'll get back to teaching okay. So for those of you who are on the fence this is a full spectrum transform personal transformation package total value is 12 932 bucks it's secrets of identity per uh secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course plus manual it's a 2 497 value we're going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you free hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control home study course 1497 value for free hidden uh laws of attraction stealth cpi uh one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value absolutely free renegade reframing overcoming objections in conversational belief change one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars free and of course the three-month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and group archive it's a 594 value actually a lot more we're going to give it to you for free stealth instant conversation with nurses crash course 997 value free and of course that vip super ticket for the five day hypnotherapy certification boot camp live in las vegas march 8th through the 13th 1950 value we're going to give it to you free all you got to do to get yours is uh get it all for just one loan installment 9.97 or three installments of 397 each all i gotta do to get yours is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash mine what would now be a good time to click that link reserve your slot and let me just clear some of these windows. So i'm not blocking my own notes and we'll go from there and we'll just put this out there all right. That being said let's get back to work shall we all right.

So i promised you that we'd show you how to clear some stuff all right. Let me make my window just a little bit bigger okay. So we noticed when we did the emotional bonding checklist when we did the color breathing exercise we noticed something didn't we we noticed that as for some of us we noticed that as we started tapping into those really powerful feelings some less than positive feelings came up for how if that was true for you and even if it was just a little tiny bit it's okay. If that was true for you here's what i'd like you to do i'd like you to just type uh me in that chat because the more again and again also i want to know what you want to know more about.

But i think this is probably what most of you want to know about as far as out of foreign perfect. Then you're gonna love this. Next piece this. Next piece is all about clearing your right.

Now what's interesting is um i'm gonna give you some foundations really quick and. Then we're gonna do some drills is that okay. If i give you a few again i can only give you a teeny tiny piece of the whole curriculum. But i want to give you enough that you understand how to how to take this process and do it on your own.

So you need a little bit of foundation. Then we're gonna we're gonna get rid of some stuff together and uh you know i'll talk to you i'll take some questions and and we'll build on tonight's lecture in whatever way that you want. So uh is that okay. If that's okay.

Go ahead and type that in the chat just yes. In the chat perfect beautiful now once again best part is i don't need to know anything about your issue to help you go through it right. When in doubt pretend like. So again if i'm giving you instructions and any piece of the instruction isn't working the way you think it should pretend that it is pretend that it is and just keep going all right.

I can't stress that enough this is the hack the work around okay. I could go into all the neuroscience why this is true from studies 30 40 years back all the way up to the most modern neuroscience just pretend that it is okay. How many of you have ever played pretend as a little kid type of shot if you play pretend as a little kid okay. If you can do that how many of you had imaginary friends or maybe when you played it when you played pretend you played soldier and you know you know for the.

First five minutes you knew that the toy gun in your hand was you know really a toy and. Then about six and a half minutes. Later it was a real gun you were really rambling right. You were chucking and jiving and right.

All those things i see some hey there's ed naylor big ed from texas how you doing brother good to see a lot of familiar faces on this on tonight very cool still pretend right. The more you can it's in the bible be as little children okay. Jesus was giving you a clue it was giving for those of you who are initiated into the mysteries he was giving you a clue to how the mind works if you can here's the other rule if you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. So i asked you you know i said to you uh when you have those feelings point to where you feel it and log where you felt it it's ed's doing great he's using my tools every day beautiful beautiful and ed's come along i mean we're working he came a long way all right.

So here's what we want you to do now i want i want to finish the six dynamics of an unconscious response. So part one we said the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up four was you always have an urge to edit what just came up. So when you were playing pretend and something popped into your head there was a part of your brain that said oh that can't be right.

Or that can't be it yeah it was it okay. Number five it's never loud. So a lot of times when the information comes up from your unconscious mind because what i'm teaching you here is how to create a dialogue between your conscious mind and your unconscious mind okay. Conscious mind unconscious mind they have different ways of communicating and if you assume that the way your unconscious mind communicates is the same as your conscious mind you're going to confuse yourself and you're not going to get change.

So you need to understand what are the dynamics of an unconscious response a always answers. First b always feels like you're making it up c you always have an urge to edit what just came up d um d always have always comes up. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always feels like d always have an urge to edit what just came up my bad never loud never linear okay. So again the the answers from the unconscious mind always have a a soft or a deep or a far off quality to them.

So if it comes up. First and it's kind of um what's the word i'm looking for um not vague it can be vague. But it's almost like it's um just soft in the background like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind okay. If it has that quality to it that's the right.

Information now why is this important be kind of like a subdued is the word i'm thinking about. But it's it's. But it's it's it's off in the distance and you you may have for those of you who did the. First part with the emotional bonding checklist where you were reading your your stuff out loud right.

You had the big strong positive feeling. Then in the background there was like this little kind of ickiness to it some of you had a much stronger one right. And that's okay. We fixed that too.

But did you notice that it was yeah almost like an idea exactly now here's the secret to this the fact that it feels like an idea like a whisper like a subdued far off thing is not because it's weak it's because it's deep you understand that the things that that are coming up are deep to your your neurology and that's why they have that far-off quality if that makes any kind of sense yes. So right. So a lot of times when we do like affirmations and things like that we try to build up all this positive energy right. And we try to ignore we try to ignore those subtle icky feelings in the background true not true it can feel like a weight for sure.

But isn't that what we do we try to focus on because we're taught focus on the positive right. Well the problem is is that your neurology is trying to communicate something to you it's holding on to these less than positive experiences for one reason and one reason only storage it's waiting for you to come back inside to turn your consciousness and your awareness inward to tell it what to do with this stuff unfortunately no. One gave you the owner's manual for your nervous system right. Nlp kind of sort of came close.

But it left a few things out got a few things wrong okay. Neuroscience has given us an evidence-based approach uh from the nlp world as well as other things. So this is where this is where it all comes together. So here's the bottom line always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear 99 times out of 100 when you point to where you feel something and you ask your unconscious mind your subconscious mind to take you back in time to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root of that problem is almost never what you think it is most of your happened between the zero ages of zero and five now you may come to see a hypnotist or a therapist for something that happened to you in your twenties or thirties and you walk in thinking that's what the problem is i got hit by a bus when i was 27 i've been having ptsd ever since hypnotist if they're competent puts you in the chair talks to your unconscious mind says go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of xyz problem that you're feeling right. Now lump you go back all of a sudden you're five years old getting hit by a tricycle by your friend who accidentally ran over your foot with a tricycle and.

Then the conscious mind party was going that can't be right. Yeah it's right. Because your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system has a different way of categorizing and organizing the roots and the the trees and the branches of your stuff the conscious mind thinks very linear abcd your unconscious mind does not. So many times when you try to get to the root you're going to happen you're going to hit something that happened between the ages of zero and five and a lot of times it won't make any logical sense from the conscious mind perspective it doesn't make sense from the in other words from the conscious mind's perspective looking back it doesn't see the connections from the unconscious mind's pers uh perspective looking forward everything lines up.

So don't be surprised when you start playing with this on your own if weird comes up okay. Stuff you didn't expect that's okay. Because your neurology recorded the information in the way that was most useful at the time right. Most of us are moving through life feeling like we're broken in some way would that be true have you ever had that moment where you kind of feel like you're broken type it in the chat if it's true i wanna i'm gonna give you some very powerful very important lessons today none of you are broken there is nothing wrong with you the feelings in your body the stuff that keeps coming up does not mean you're broken it's the equivalent of the check engine light on your dashboard how many of you have a car right.

When you're driving that car right. You're driving down the road check engine light comes on do you go rushing to the garage to get the light fixed or what the light is telling you needs to be fixed which do you do. So here's what i'm going to share with you the symptoms in your body the pain the fear the uh the freezing the sweating the nausea the vomiting the the um the limbs the pain whatever they're not the problem they're the symptom they're the check engine light on the dashboard they're a metaphoric communication from your deep nervous system trying to tell you hey there's something in here that we need to fix and it has something to do with this okay. So the things we're going to play with today on the surface are very very simple they seem simple i could spend days literally unpacking the neuroscience and the nlp and the linguistics and all those things.

But it wouldn't make you any better at doing it it would just distract you. So i find that especially in a webinar like this where all we really care about is how to fix the car not how to build it or how it was built we just focus on a few things. First and foremost i want you to understand you are not the way you are because of the that happened to you now i know again just like the whole idea that you're not broke and that sounds really alien right. How do we find out what's wrong with the engine you point to where you feel it we're going to talk about that all right.

Stick with us forehead you'll get there okay. But i need to give you these things right. Up front hey you're not broken your system is doing exactly what it was programmed to do let you know it's been holding on to some and you need to come back inside and clean this up that's all it's doing and it will keep turning up that volume until you get the message and you take the action right. We're going to show you how to take the action.

But to do that you need to set up a dialogue between your conscious mind and your unconscious mind through your neocortex and your meat you need the six dynamics of an unconscious response for that the. Next piece you need to understand is what we call somatic our body-centered energy psychology what does that mean it means if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Do you understand what i just said if you can point to where you feel it in your body or out of it you can change it okay. Again when you come to identity by design you'll get a whole manual and you'll be introduced to each the deeps of this right.

Um we call this the the physical location where something manifests is known as a somatic address now there are studies that show that specific types of feelings specific types of emotions go to specific parts of the body in fact i'll show you i'll see if i can find it really really quickly here without taking up too much of your time um i have a picture that i want to share with you. But i need to make sure it's the right. One i think it's here here we go all right. What you're seeing here is a graphic that was borrowed from i believe it's a swedish study and what they did was they they took.

Polls about where people feel certain types of emotions and you can see i don't know if they might have to make it bigger you can see that the heat maps show you where different types of bodies are different types of emotions show up in the body right. So this is not just something david made up. But what you're seeing here is a generalized map and we're not going to deal with generalizations today we're going to deal with specifics because again each and every one of you have your own way of storing feelings in your body and this is where we get into this um this idea of what we call body-centered energy psychology. So somatic engagement the more you get your body involved in a change process the more rapidly all of your nervous system engages i i have to um let me jump out of this really quick.

So let me explain this to you if you stu if you just sit in a chair and vividly imagine something it can work if you actually vividly imagine something you get your breath involved and your physical body involved it must work from a from a change work perspective there's something about these three components neurological and semantic engagement you get the imagination and the intention you get the breath and you get the physical body engaged that causes a transformation in the body from the meat from the brain stem and the organs up to the neocortex. So you're literally changing from the inside out cause it doesn't at that point if you do this properly it doesn't matter what your conscious mind believes just keep doing it it'll overwrite your conscious mind as well. So what happens is when you do this properly all the different parts of you line up okay. Now you don't have to believe any of it you just got to do it that's the beauty of it you don't got to believe it you just got it and play pretend is the fastest way to engage this like all get out okay.

So again the more you can physically act out your change the more rapidly uh things will tend to change for you you can do this as an imagined construct hypnosis people do it all the time. But if you really want to get deep level change get the body engaged as much as you can um another thing you're going to see us do is we're going to we're going to talk about a somatic bridge now somatic bridge we all know for those of us who study law of attraction we all know that we don't end at the body right. We have this energy field around us right. Some people call it an aura i don't call it an aura i call it a proprioceptive grid because it's an actual extended physical awareness that you have of the space around you that's moderated by your proprioception that's why when people talk they move their hands right.

If you think about this field around you like a big bunch of filing cabinets and i'm opening files and pulling stuff out and i'm moving it around right. It's almost like a switchboard like the old time operator switchboards. So when people talk to you or you talk about your stuff you'll say you know i got this i feel this block in my life and i just wish i could put my hands on it. So i could put it behind me or get past it right.

Now most of you when i'm doing this are focused on my words. But did you see what i was doing with my hands yes. Or yes. Type in the chat the body relates to information in the field around you metaphorically like a solid object and.

So when we start using our hands we're actually processing information aside from your eyes. Your hands take up more space in your brain than any other part of your body. So when people are talking in their prospects and they're talking about their stuff and they're gesturing they're actually moving information around kinesthetically in their body. So how do we how do we bridge what's inside of us to what's outside of us it's called a somatic bridge we point to where we feel it we reach out and touch it point to where you feel it reach out and touch it how do you do that here's the here's the technique think of something you want to change on a scale of zero to ten do something that's around a one or two close your eyes.

Notice where in your body you feel it point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it if there was a picture that represented that feeling floating somewhere in the space around you a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression reach out touch it once you got it take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is once you know exactly how big it is grab it physically grab it with both of your hands expand the picture to fill the entire room notice what happens to the feelings in your body once you got that put it back to its original size now slowly keep the size of the picture exactly the same pull the picture closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling now does it get stronger does it get weaker it doesn't matter which one you which one does what you just gotta know put it back to where it was now just for fun put a big thick black frame around it now you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But i want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials are not like on an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one do you like better you want it whited out or blacked out whichever one it is turn that knob until the image is completely whited or blacked out take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters on that whited out or blacked out screen there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative i want you to write those lessons across that whited out or blacked out screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people they know exactly what the lessons were they know exactly what to write and they go right. To it and they start writing that down some people have no. Conscious idea what to write.

But your unconscious mind created this in the. First place it always knows. So just like automatic writing put your finger on the screen and let the finger go and let it just start writing if feelings and thoughts and emotions come up put them on the screen too now some people just draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people every now and. Then get a little rebellious and write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing chinese or hebrew at the same time.

However your body wants to do it let that process flow okay. The screen will scroll like a tablet scroll. So you have an infinite writing space now my wife when she does this takes her 40 minutes to write things out because she's super detailed some people one and done some people 40 minutes they're still writing it doesn't matter just keep writing as you write you may notice feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen write them on the screen just keep writing until it's done when and only when you know it's done reach up with both of your hands compress and shrink that frame and the reality inside of it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change your unconscious mind begins the process of moving that up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon until it disappears down below the horizon completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead now take all the time you need to let your neurology process some people break out and sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people choke sneeze whatever some people just feel waves of motion coming up. However you do it it's perfectly okay.

Just let the process take place when you know it's done scan your body notice how different you feel type in what you experienced in the chat what happened delilah says excitement oh sharp pain in the back of my arm okay. Light which says peace sandra says beautiful hold on a. Second uh the pain is less i felt it in my heart i was also diagnosed with cancer in the same spot 20 years ago beautiful you just cleaned something up you didn't know was there beautiful ringing tingling or tingling tingling in the whole body very good warm fuzzies perfect how does that work it's because you're all you you felt like peace and freedom and felt like my bow okay. Unexpected answers and realizations that's not that that's very common by the way one of the things nancy says let's do it again you like that didn't you right.

So what really happened here what you've tapped into is what i call the holographic nervous system you are you don't end at the physical body this this physical form that we're in is just dense light and each part of you is a different layer sarah he just says i did not want to come out of that that's cool that's that's not uncommon at all right. Again very quick technique here's the beautiful part it doesn't matter if what you're dealing with is a physical problem or an emotional one it doesn't matter if it's a behavioral problem or thinking problem because at the level of information of data that we're processing as from the neurological perspective the neurology doesn't give a it doesn't care if what you're processing is a physical pain or an emotional one because for the most part your nervous system processes both sets of data exactly the same way almost in exactly the same locations right. You can you know you don't have to believe it you can go to pubmed pubmed.gov type in acetaminophen and social rejection and you will see study after study after study where they've just they've discovered that uh physical pain emotional pain and physical pain are almost identical and you can get rid of fit emotional pain by taking a tylenol sherry's asking does this work on a seven or eight instead of a two or three yes. And i'll show you how to do that.

So gwendolyn says with my arm is going numb from the pain in the back of my okay. Okay. There's a lot of i'm having trouble keeping up with some of the chats here all right. So people were asking okay.

About sensations now that when you start playing with this several things could happen you have several ways the body can manifest transformation. First is complete removal of the problem okay. Complete removal of the problem. Second is what we call the the russian doll effect what that means is i point to where i feel it i reach out and touch it i magic frame it i move it behind me knock it back there and now this the area that was this big becomes this big.

So i point to where i feel that i reach out and touch that picture i frame it write lessons shake it down move it behind me make it back there now the area that was this big becomes this big and i keep doing that until it goes to nothing that's called the russian doll effect okay. The other thing that can happen is called body mapping now body mapping is almost like a a leap frog kind of follow the leader kind of phenomena. So i got this big thing right. Here right.

I point to where i feel it i reach out and i touch it i trace the outline of it both of my hands make it bigger make it smaller move it closer move it away put a big thick black frame around it white it out write the images shrink it down move it behind me all of a sudden that big the big feeling that was here goes away and something pops up down here. So what do i do i point to where i feel it i reach out and touch it i trace the edges of it with both of my hands. So i know how big it is i make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling make it smaller notice what happens to the feeling put a big black frame around it white out the image blacken out the image write the lessons on the screen shrink it down float it over the top of my head back beyond the horizon nail it back there now all of a sudden the feeling that was right. Here moves over here different feeling that's that's keep andrew if those feelings are coming up keep going okay.

That's your body saying hey this is weird your body needs to again i've had people try to ate the ape the the biomechanics of um like vomiting and all these other things keep writing get out your body get it on the screen no. Matter how bad the symptoms get if they do they'll get worse before they get better keep writing okay. When they're done and only when they're done shrink it down move it up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon well you'll know right. Away at the end because what'll happen is it'll be here and.

Then it'll go here and here's the thing you need to understand when it moves from here to here to here it's not the same problem it's a related problem that's connected in some way. So when you when you zap this it goes away. But some a related issue kind of says this is. Next in the your unconscious mind saying okay.

You fixed that now we got to fix this and. Then when you get rid of this the unconscious okay. You fixed that now we've got to fix this over here right. This is this is the um this is a very powerful technique.

But in our world it's it's um basic and it and it's because you're doing you're doing one issue at a time. But you're resolving that issue and moving on to the. Next piece. So it can take longer not because um you it's because you're actually working with a daisy chain of issues that are similar in some way okay.

Uh zachary says i did it backwards i wrote happy things down and nailed them away i forgot this was supposed to okay. Well zach while i have you what happened when you did that don't assume right. Away that because you did something different or you misunderstood that you did something wrong what was the result that you got when you did that what happened it was a very sad feeling yeah. So now here's what you do reverse the process remember you put it back there you guys will play a game really quick just to show you how powerful you are would you like to do that all right.

So let's do this let me just review the package we've got today we're going to play something called the frame game and this is something that once i teach it to you you should be doing every day okay. And it relates directly to uh zach i'm gonna show him how to actually fix what he what he did all right. So. First and foremost let's just review um our package for today remember this this goes away um when i when i log off all the fast action bonuses go away.

So we're looking at the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course and manual to 497 value you're gonna get the identity by design five-day hypnotherapy home study course for free you're gonna get hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control 1497 value absolutely free uh you're going to get the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol 1950 value absolutely free renegade reframing and overcoming objections uh absolutely free uh nlp power mastermind mentoring 594 value uh 30 90 day trial for free and the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course 997 is absolutely free and of course that vip super ticket to our five-day identity by design hypnosis and hypnotherapy super training out in las vegas nevada march 8th through the 13th uh you can get it all for one loan installment of just 9.97 or three easy payments of 397 each all you have to do to get yours is go to www.davidsnyder nlp forward slash mind that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d if you need help you can reach out to stephanie858-282-4663 and she or stephanie nlpower.com and she can help you to substitute things what else can we need after all this indeed oh believe me there's lots more coming. But again let's play a little bit now this. Next drill is something we teach in our identity by design hypnotherapy certification program it's called the frame game this is something you actually do in a consultation with a client. But in the context of personal transformation this is a way to rapidly understand how you create everything that you subjectively experience you see you may have heard me say this in other webinars.

But i'll say it here for this one you are not the way you are because of the stuff that happened to you i need to very very clear 99 90 i'll say 90 i won't go 99 because some people might not be able to wrap their head around that. But it really is uh ninety percent of everything that walks into a doctor's office is memory based nine out of ten things that a doctor is going to treat you for has its roots in your memories and your emotions if not the thing that happened to you. So here's how it works functionally you're not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to the recordings of what happened to you you understand what i'm saying you are not the way you are because of the things that happen to you you are the way you are because the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings okay. So again the stuff that happened to you the stuff that traumatized you is gone it happened to you once maybe you know each instance like it's like that old saying you can never step in the same river twice right.

But we relate to the recordings that we make of these experiences as if they're the real thing and they're not. But they're encoded in such a way that they feel real. But they're not there's something that you made up and if your nervous system made it up your nervous system can change it do you understand the concept you understand the power of what i just said everything you experience is a product of a code that your nervous system wrote and is running well if your system wrote the code it can rewrite the code right. This is actually what the study of nlp originally was about it was the study of how human beings create their subjective worlds right.

When we at the beginning of today's lecture our class we talked about the emotional motivation checklist right. What were we doing we were tapping into a an arbitrary list of things that needed to be satisfied that your neurology decided what was going to lead you to the best the most desirable feelings in the most desirable way everything human beings do runs on a kind of code now we're not computers at all in fact we are way cooler than computers right. Think about it if you ever had if you ever doubt that by the way think about this who made who right. Who came.

First notice that most of the technologies that we really love are emulating something that we're already doing in our nervous system right. You guys ever watch iron man or a minority report have these big virtual reality um computers right. Where you're exploding diagrams and you're moving things up or your iphone where you're taking a little picture making it bigger well doesn't that seem an awful lot like make a picture bigger make it smaller pull it closer. So i can see it doesn't that kind of seem familiar to you why because human beings are always creating technology that reflects or mirrors what we do with our own neurology usually below the threshold of conscious awareness that's why we call the interfaces in our smartphones or our touch screens intuitive does that make sense very cool now how many of you can feel good for no.

Friggin reason type it in the chat right. I want now for this. Next drill i want you to go through your entire life history find a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever i don't care if it was only one time and on a scale of zero to ten it was a three if that's the best you can call up that's what you call up i don't care i'm not the pleasure police right. You're gonna do this in the privacy of your own home or vehicle or whatever make sure you're not driving when you're doing this make sure the car isn't parked make sure the engine's turned off all right.

But i want you to stop for a moment close your eyes. And if you want to stand up to do this you can do that right. Okay. I want you to stand up i want you to remember that most pleasurable moment remember the time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever what did you see in that moment what did you hear what did you smell what did you taste how are you standing and breathing in that moment just go ahead and do that as you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure and i'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it you point to it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch take your other hand reach out touch that picture now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is let's make sure we got the right. One grab a hold of it make that picture as big as the room notice what happens to that feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker it doesn't matter which one you do just know when you got that bring it back to its original size once you got that slowly pull it closer to your body does the feeling get stronger weaker doesn't matter which one you do just notice which one you get right. Now lift it above your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice how good that feels now you can have this feeling back in whatever way you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill what i'd like you to do is i'd like you to unwrap that feeling lift it up over your head now most of you know what a frisbee is i'm going to assume if you don't it's a little round plastic disc that you throw to your partners in the park imagine this feeling that you're holding is now shaped like a frisbee i want you to take that frisbee i want you to take it i want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears behind the horizon when it disappears completely behind the horizon scan your body notice what happened to the feelings stayed with it long enough to to understand what changed when you realize what's happened lift your hands back up now imagine your hands are the world's most powerful frisbee magnets and suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hands and as you hold this powerful energy in your hands above your head i'm gonna share with you the most important thing you can hear tonight inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you're the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right. And privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want i want you to grab ahold of your power and play with it right. Now i want you to take this pleasure this picture that you're holding i want you to play with it i want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out of your body move it all around you notice how every time you change the size the shape the location any attribute of this picture the feelings and the quality of the feelings in your body change as well and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot fix it into place allow the energy the pleasure of that feeling of that picture to flow into your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place till it becomes.

So strong. So powerful. So unstoppable in every way no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type your experiences in the chat.

So everybody can benefit rise chum says happy yay strong emotions tear satisfaction she feels lighter some relief felt good beautiful it's stuck like an octopus on me you mean mark you're stuck feeling good now oh darn it what a suck deal zachary says things became bright. And feeling wonderful tears comforting boom congratulations my friends you just tapped into the power that you have to control your neurology and she says i love it i feel. So happy and secure i should do this every day yes. You should and that's exactly what i was getting at if you only ever do this one time on this webinar and you never do it again you are depriving yourself of the most powerful tool the most powerful gift i can give you and that's the ability to control your own mind and body to be able to decide what thoughts are worth keeping what thoughts to get rid of what dreams are are worth keeping what dreams are worth getting rid of what beliefs are worth keeping what beliefs are not what traumas to hold on to what traumas to get rid of every single one of the things i just named is built from the same stuff and if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it okay.

Gotta fear it point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right. To on the screen boom done don't believe me try it okay. But i digress this this thing we just did point make it bigger make it smaller some people want their traumas some people it's such a part of their identity they don't know who they'd be without it now trust me i've literally looked into the hearts and minds of tens of thousands of people in one in one way or another some people are highly invested in it i'm pretty sure it's not anybody on this webinar. But here's my point once you understand how your nervous system creates everything you think you experience you don't have the power to change it well kathleen it is it's terrifying on one level it's amazing on another and probably the most counter-intuitive aspect of it believe it or not is how humbling it is because when you've looked into the hearts and minds of hundreds or thousands of people and you realize that every single one of them is the same that inside the heart and minds of every single human being on the planet is a scared little child desperate to be loved and terrified of being alone when you realize that it changes the way you see the entire world and it's humbling when you realize the universe chose you to be the agent of transformation to deliver that person or help them deliver themselves i guess is another way of saying it and you start to ask yourself the question why me and of course if you've done any kind of renegade reframing a little voice in your head says why not you right.

You each have a mission to fulfill in this universe some of them are very grand somebody's large scale some of them are very small in terms of scope. But just as important. But regardless of whether you're a donald trump of the world or a mother teresa inside each and every one of us is that little child and when you can go in and nourish that child nurture that child and give them the resources that they need the knowledge the understanding the realization that they're always good enough that they're never alone that they're always loved and accepted those children us they can go through anything and be okay. But you know moving down the line what you're learning here now is something that's a little bit it comes at the same issue from a different angle is how did we create that stuff that holds us back in the.

First place well we created that stuff the same way we created all the things that make us feel happy and joyful and playful and loving we built it we took. An experience our neurologist said okay. How do i represent this in a way that's useful to this human being well i'll just put i'll put some feelings here and i'll put some colors here and i'll put some smells here and i'll put them together in a certain order and sequence and i'll put it in a special location. So we know where we store those things right.

Once you understand how that works you can start rewriting the code right. But this game that we just played with the pleasure the frame game right. If you what i want you to do with this whether you take the package now or you know before we end or whatever whether whatever the time you decide to do that i want you to do this frame game the pleasure we played with i want you to do it every day multiple times a day preferably when you get up in the morning before you go to bed at night and if you take a nap during the day or just after lunch or after a meal those are probably some of the best times to practice and play this game with yourself why because when you start working with this frame game you start generating in the body a condition known as self-directed neuroplasticity neuroplasticity is the way our brain changes and learns and grows and becomes more powerful. So when we start integrating these different levels of our neurology we start creating more neurological connections in our brain that make us better able to control and manage everything.

So if you want to get on the fast track to personal evolution this frame game alone will dramatically change how rapidly you can control your emotions and ordain your destiny if you take this and. Then build the identity by design silo on top of it now you have not only a system that can change itself very rapidly at the drop of a hat you also have a series of tools to target specific aspects of your personality your identity your personal history um in whatever order or sequence you need to do it all right. Uh the question was will you learn regression and identity by design you will be introduced to regression there is one regression technique that we teach in identity by design that's called the gift and it it's about 80 it it covers about 80 of the mechanics that is covered in classical regression therapy. But because it's all pleasure based you don't have any you you don't have a lot of the same risks of ab reactions and traumas and things that the person's not prepared to deal with.

But it's the most powerful um cross-contextual personal transformation techniques that we've ever come up with and it's all pleasure based and you learn it in it's in your identity by design uh five day home study course it's also something you'll learn at the live event. So that's to answer that question um uh pj keeps asking what's my opinion on meditating or practicing naturally versus meditating or practicing using brain waves isochronic tones and binaural beats uh i used to use them quite a bit when i was younger i don't use them quite as much anymore because i don't always have them and people tend to become a little bit too dependent on toys. So i think they can absolutely help. But i think people need to understand that it has limitations one of the problems that people have when it comes to um when it comes to working with light and sound machines uh electrocranial stimulation all these other external devices that are designed to facilitate brainwave states is that you can get the state.

But if you don't have an application connected to it it's not useful. So you have to link whatever you're using to achieve the state to the application you want to use that state for i have found on a on a pragmatic or functional level it's actually better to engage in the activity that is the application you want and if you do the application enough the state required for you to be good at it will manifest automatically and. So if we keep experience no. Actually they'll tend to get stronger sanders saying if we keep going to the same happiest experience will they become weaker no.

They'll tend to get stronger you'll actually expand your emotional range as you do it now the idea is you want to you want to expand it experience it let it go expand it experience it let it go if you try to hold it too long. Then you can you can actually reach a peak and a collapse. So it's better to to hit it expand it let it go hit it expand it let it go and. Then you do you have what we call a stacking effect if you hold something too long it tends to collapse.

So you make it too strong too quick right. So there's different ways that you and again you can learn about that identity by design can we use this to manifest one thousand percent elvira you can use this 100 to manifest it's why we included the hidden laws of attraction of course in the package because once you have identity by design you've got the fast track to hardwiring your nervous system to interface with the non-local spiritual universe and. So your manifestations tend to come really really quick because you got all this stuff out of the way that was in the way um rebecca says there a way to do it again a shorter version internet died well you just watched the replay sweetie um it's it's right. There we've done it a couple of times we're going to do some more stuff before we end.

Anyway. So farad says i need to learn how to get my inner child to get on board with the changes i want to make instead of saying i don't want to do this all the time um is this program go to yes. Um and here's why the specific the frame technique i just taught you is specifically designed to target things that your nervous system doesn't want to get rid of yet and the reason it doesn't want to get rid of it yet is because it's afraid that if it gets rid of it worse things will happen. So when you start to point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it you write the lessons that the experience had to teach you all the reasons that your neurology has for keeping it go on the screen and it lets everything else go.

So the nice thing is is you preserve those lessons and you put them in a space neurologically that is for all intents and purposes overdone and complete. But if you need to go back and get it you know where to find it right. Because if you've ever done taxes you know exactly what i'm talking about right. You know you do all these taxes.

Then you mail off your check and you cry and you drink and you bleed from the anus right. You get back home and there's this big box of stuff sitting on the counter top that you're not allowed to get rid of. But for all intents and purposes is done. So what do you do you look.

For a place where for all intents and purposes it's done. But you never have to look. At it again. But if you get a letter from the irs you know exactly where to go to find it right.

Anything that travels beyond the front hemisphere of the body the front anterior plane of the body your neurology automatically recodes as an extent an event or an experience that's done complete and finished okay. Again if you want to see a more in-depth treatment of this it's in the courses. But also some of our other webinars if you want to sit through the webinars uh i go really in-depth into how this works how how we've mapped out all the different areas for different look. Changes and things of that nature.

But the bottom line is if you imagine my body divided into two halves of a sphere anything that's in this sphere is like a file open on your desktop right. It's open and it's running anything that's in this part of my my hemisphere my proprioceptive grid your neurology codes it as a file that's closed over and done it's kind of like the recycle bin that you haven't hit uh empty uh empty the bin yet as far as the neurology is concerned it's gone don't need to worry about it anymore right. That's why when you took. The picture shrunk it down moved it up over the top of your head and back beyond the horizon your went away it's because in every human being on the planet that i have encountered.

So far and that's quite a few every single one of you did it this way now sometimes you try to bring it back because people have a what what does change from time to time is uh how willing people are to let something go. But that's attachment not an inability right. And you can deal with that. So as far as yes.

For instance something bad will happen again if i get rich because it's happened in the past yes. That's exactly what this this technique is for for it that's the perfect technique for what you're dealing with and it works with relationships it works with back pain like let's say you're in an accident for example right. And uh you know six months. Later you go to the doctor all the imaging shows you're perfectly healthy there's no.

Stop there's no. There's no. Long-lasting damage and yet for some reason you get to a certain range of motion and these aches pop up out of nowhere or it's always a little bit of an ache in the background what you're dealing with in my opinion is the unconscious mind's version of phantom pain the unconscious mind is saying i don't trust you to not injure that part of you again. So how can i make sure you always remember to protect that area i know i'll put a little bit of pain there not too much just enough.

So that when you reach that that danger zone the little engine like check engine light goes on you'll know to stop because your unconscious mind is stronger than you right. Until you talk until you learn how to talk to it it doesn't trust you to keep you safe. So it puts a little pain there to remind you don't do that again. So you have to send your unconscious mind a message to say hey i got this i i remember i'll keep the lesson we can let the rest go how do you do that you write you write out the lesson the act of integrating your neurology together creates sends a message to the unconscious mind that you've learned a lesson that it's been preserved.

So it can it's willing to let everything else go right. Because one of the biggest components of your unconscious mind is the protective mechanism right. If you've got something that you keep putting off or you have you're struggling with procrastination point to where you feel it reach out and touch it write the lesson shrink it down move it behind you notice how rapidly it's no. Longer a problem for you right.

Limiting belief point to where you feel it reach out and touch it put a frame around it right. And you'll notice something some of your really really strong stuff when you point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it it's right. Here and it's huge. First thing you do push it away from you notice what happens to the feeling shrink it down push it away from you notice what happens to the feeling now you can work with it if you think of moving the picture bigger making the picture bigger or moving it closer think of it like a volume knob that turns up the intensity of the experience right.

So lots of cool questions right. Uh what if it's cancer how to find the root okay. I have several cancer stories. But here's the bottom line cancer is never the problem anything that's chronic in the human nervous system is almost always a symptom okay.

In chinese medicine we have this concept called root and branch tumor meth metastasis is a symptom of something else cancer is a product of a process which you can't find in the body. So how do you how do you deal with that i'll tell you a quick story it involves a technique called spinning uh once upon a time i was in coral springs not coral springs um orlando florida i was at a training with richard bandler and we're on a break and this gentleman comes up he goes hello my name is gus and our mutual friend james says you can cure my cancer and i looked at it me now. First of all let me set the stage i'm at an nlp training it's a 1500 minute 15 minute intermission up to that point i was primarily a regression therapist which is not a slow which is not a fast process clinically this is where i made a lot of my other discoveries i had one technique known as energy spinning which i got to download 2005. So i'm sitting here in the middle of this um this intermission in a lobby outside of a training room this gentleman i have no.

Idea who he is comes up he says our friend james says you can't kill my cancer and i'm like in my head i'm going what the do i do now and i got another download from the universe and i said point to where you feel it he points i said that's not the problem he looks at me like what i said that's not the problem that's the symptom there's a reason that tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to the place in your body where the feeling connected to that reason is located he points to his heart i said now close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color.

First impression he goes it's red excellent reach in with both of your hands grab all that red energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides he reaches and he pulls out a little bit more he looks at it i go as you look. At it did the color change or stay the same. First impression he goes it's saying yes. I go excellent notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning he goes it's spinning this way i said excellent grab it with both of your hands now make it the opposite of what it was make it spin the opposite way and double the spin and i haven't physically double it double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot he slams that energy back into his heart the minute he slams it back into his heart i clamp my hand over his heart i clamp my hand over his back i swipe his conception vessel i swipe his gob his uh um governing vessel i sweep his triple warmer and gallbladder meridians and i come back and i put my hands over his heart he turns beat red breaks out in the sweat and starts twitching for like 30 35 when he came out of the shake his personality changed he goes oh that's very different he said he stopped being angry and.

So right. As he was coming out of it they rang the bell to start the seminar i said bye and i ran back in to my train two three weeks. Later i get you guys probably don't remember this little toy dog bow i'm like the cutest dog in the world i get this little stuffed toy poodle in the mail with a letter and he says the the poodle is for your daughter many thanks gus and i opened the letter and apparently he sent me this what looked like some kind of a lab report now at that time i i hadn't been i hadn't been doing my doctorate program where i went through all the integrative medical tests and and how to read these things i have it now. But.

Then i didn't. So i was like what do these numbers mean and. So i have my one student zack whose mother was a er nurse uh and stack himself at the time was studying to be an er tech says can you ask your mom what these numbers mean and uh he came back a day or two. Later goes there tumor markers his tumor had shrunk by 50 right.

What was the tweak cancer like many other chronic illnesses is always a symptom. So when you're treating us if it's an acute problem you can just point to where you feel it and just zap it if you're dealing with something that's a little bit more chronic you have to ask the neurology what's the reason behind this and where is that located subtle change in question in identity byte in the identity by design course you'll learn about what we call the somatic search engine concept you'll learn about body centered energy psychotherapy from somatic address to somatic engagement to somatic bridge to everything that i'm talking to you about is in that course the spinning technique that i just talked about is actually in that course it's actually part of the. Second or. Third technique.

So and a lot of the techniques in the identity by design silo are built from the smaller techniques they just get more powerful and more targeted to specific aspects. But in terms of cancer or any form of chronic illness you don't go for the symptom you go for the cause which is almost always a psycho-emotional event almost always a psycho-emotional event okay. The zoom attempting green yeah it's my yeah that's my again i this is actually believe it or not this is a virtual background. But believe it or not this is actually my actual bookshelf i took.

A picture of my bookshelf. So i could take my books with me wherever i went. So yeah it's virtual. But if you went to my house you would see all the books exactly like.

So all right. Uh we're coming up on the home stretch. So um let me go ahead and just one. Last call for uh this package.

So again everything that i've talked about everything i've explained to you everything i've walked you through is in this package and a whole lot more. But it's in a it's in a sequence that you can easily assimilate and put into practice right. Away and again it's the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course in manual to 2497 value the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course uh it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you free the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course 1 497 value give it to you absolutely free the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol uh 1 950 value absolutely free renegade reframing how to overcome objections and change beliefs during conversations fifty 1950 value free 90-day trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program 594 dollar value 10-year value of 10-year archive absolutely free uh the stealth is the conversation hypnosis crash course uh 997 dollars yours free and of course that vip super ticket and again if you were if you were all intrigued by the spinning and the framing and the get and my talk about regression and all these other things you really want to use this vip ticket and get your butt to the live event in las vegas march 8th through the 13th and it will change your life like no. Course has ever changed your life don't believe me remember everything here is a 60 day money back guarantee if after 60 days you're not completely satisfied um you know just let us know and we'll we'll do what we can to make it right.

Okay. I got you to get yours go to www.nlpower.com i'm sorry david snyder nlp.com forward slash mind that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind you can get it all for just one low installment of 9.97 which is if you think about the value that you're getting if just one of these techniques could remove an illness emotional or physical from your life think about that. But you've got a lot more than that in this course you've got. So much power.

So much potential there's literal magic inside of you waiting to be set free will you accept it will you embrace it will you go for it knight ninety seven i can't make it any easier three easy installments of just 397 www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind www.davisneternlp.com forward slash mind all right. And let me look. At my chat real quick perfect all right. You guys i want to thank you for your time um once again if you have other questions and i i want to be very clear immediately after i log off the webinar youtube is going to start processing tonight's content if you go to the live recordings segment in our youtube channel you click on tonight's webinar you place your question in the comment section over the.

Next seven to ten days i'm gonna ch i'm gonna check that comment section every single day and if you have a question there i will do my best to answer it if you have questions about the packager substitutions for the package if i named any if you have some of our products for example and some of the things in the uh in the package you already have you can substitute them as long as the product is of equal or lesser value okay. I hope you guys took. Some powerful techniques away from tonight remember one technique can change your life i'm giving you hundreds um in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night everybody good night god bless make sure you like subscribe join our join our private memberships grab your package www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mine give stephanie and holly and seth and brandon a huge shout and thank you for being in the background and taking care of us.
