Title: SPEED ATTRACTION - Rapid Attraction Secrets For Dating Mating and Relating
File Name: _WpG4j-o9L0.txt
Video Id: _WpG4j-o9L0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WpG4j-o9L0

Do because. I'm happy. So what do you want to talk about tonight since it's just you you get a private lesson. I just hear to listen just here to listen okay.

I'm just kind of a detached kind of person. So. I'm trying to figure out how to become you mean to connect with people or connect in general connect with people in general when you say detached what does that mean exactly in your in your from your perspective in a lot of relationships always have one foot out the door one foot out the door okay. Hi welcome.

I know it going in and. I know it like even like with my ex-husband. I mean we were married 21 years. But.

I was always waiting for to me there's no. Forever [Music] mhm have you always felt that way or did it go back to a certain time in your life well it was when. I was younger. I.

I had the philosophy where. I would. I wouldn't let anyone hurt me. I would leave before they were able to you know everything could be fine.

But. I felt okay. Everything's great let's move on. MH a lot of time just like why or like why like there was no.

Explanation it was just kind of one of those things that. I rather ended hand it on okay. Did did you notice that if the was it did the did the split happen at kind of like the similar stages in every relationship or was was there you know a specific turning point where it was either go left or go right. And most times they went left no.

It was just everybody's different like had a boyfriend of like two up years and wanted to get married and stuff like that and like you know kind of. I always tell people. I in a relationship with that. I kind of give a two weeks notice.

MH and. Then. I move on like to the. Next person.

I'm curious what what do you do for a living. I'm a train dispatcher train dispatcher like for. Amtrak or oh cool wow that's that's got to be like an air traffic controller only worse yeah cuz uh. I actually talked to air traffic controller and they said they my job's harder because they can always change levels.

MH and. I'm stuck yeah you can't pick up the track and move it well. I didn't think it was that way. But yeah when you can't make the train go go around to this.

Runway it doesn't quite work that way right. Yeah. I mean it's. I know.

I just always been. I it's guarded for okay. That's what. I guess people call it and are you happy that way or or is or is there something else you'd rather have.

I don't know. I think. I'm find until someone points out like why. I do you know like the partner whatever is just like oh.

I think everything was great why are you doing this m like because. I know eventually you really get to a point where you'll want something else or something different. So. I might as well just now and.

I can't be friends with any my too all right. On that's. So maybe. I'll learn something that think well.

I hope. So. I hope. U at least give you a place to start looking sometimes it's it's the kind of questions that we ask that yield answers that are more useful yeah.

I don't even all right. Well we'll be touching on. WE we'll start from the very beginning from approaching and all the way up through relationship maintenance and things like that. So um did you get some of the index cards when you came in those uh you can either use those to ask questions or some people like to use them to take notes more than welcome to do either one.

So you said you wanted it yes. I did hello what's new and exciting in your world your all sparkly today in my world not much not much by the way you have any pads any pads yeah as in dogs cats oh pets. I'm sorry. I misunderstood uh only daughters oh.

But. I've got three of those you have three daughters yes. I do oh. I didn't know.

I thought you just had one no. I have a 23-year-old a five 5y- old really and a one-year-old oh oh yeah keeps me busy it does no. Because. I'm a pet seater oh okay.

So. I was going to give you my card if you have dogs. I think candy has pets my my faithful assistant our office manager back there she's a pet sitter those. So if you want somebody to sit on your pets [Laughter] [Music] come come on in hi hey how you doing well got my rock star yeah got my rock moves see lightting up guys it's a party come on in life is good.

F 11 have an interesting demographic. I never get kids [Music] anymore are you. BL now am. I blonder now well.

I don't feel quite as smart as. I used to be. So perhaps yes. I get.

I. I get my hair lighted. I've been getting it highlighted now for over 10 years. I started when.

I was living in. Oklahoma uh and. I decided to try to get back into uh acting and movies and things like that were you an actor oh yeah very much mhm and uh had an image consultant look. At me and says you need color.

I said that's for gay people and. I tried it on and. I looked hot and every other woman said oo and. I said you know what maybe maybe little color be a good thing for me you know.

So. I'm uh if something works. I don't break it. So except sometimes your wife has dark hair my wife has very dark hair she's ch.

Chinese although. I've tried to convince her to go platinum blonde and you know get all anime you know she's a little more conservative than. I am. I guess.

But uhoh somebody keeps giving me violent text messages who the heck is this 619 oh oh okay. People are trying to invite me to do seminars for them and giving me anonymous text messages tell me. I have eight people who want to do the liy course what can we do who are you five minutes. I'm.

David nice to meet you name you come on in make yourselves at home hey. John come on in before. I start singing uh. Because.

I'm. Happy do. I need to go you need to go register with the girls. So let know you're coming are you here don't be afraid to sit up front all the people who sit up front get the best stuff come on in don't be [Music] bashful my daughter all sweetness and light you ask me to do it now she complains you are the one who was complaining.

Splash. Zone this is the. Splash. Zone you can tell.

John has been to one of my workshops before he's sitting in the front row because he knows. I'm always going to pull people up and zap them with something and he wants more goodness yes. Right. While we're waiting on your seat you'll find a plethora of unique implements one of which is a stress survey the reason for that is the vast majority of the problems we have result in stress of all kinds many times we don't even know why we're stressed out we're just carrying around this huge invisible.

Iceberg of stress floating below the surface if you are willing and want to if you fill out the stress survey and turn it in each and every one of you who turns it in will get a free 30-minute consultation with me we'll go over your your uh your survey we'll talk about what your goals and your ideas are what your values are what your you want to do and outline some possible options uh where we can get some of your stuff handled normally to walk in my door it's anywhere between 175 $350 an hour it's my gift to you just for coming in and filling out the survey 30 minutes of my time absolutely free don't think about it now decide as you go through the seminar if you want to spend more time with someone like me right. Come on in yes. Sir about how long is it going to run um. I'm going to try to have you guys out out of here by uh by 9:30.

I've scheduled the room until 10:. But you never really know a lot of times uh where we go and how deep into certain subjects we go is really predicated on the audience. So the more interactive you are and by the way. I thrive on interaction.

So if you're going to sit there like a lump. I'm going to sit here like a lump see. I've got interaction already good and that's going to be important because what we're talking about tonight is attraction we're talking about romance and and ways to rapidly attract people. I'm going to give you a clue this ain't going to do it okay.

So many of the things that. I'm going to talk about tonight you might already know many of the things you may have heard other people say that doesn't make them wrong and it doesn't make them old make it old news it means it might be something you want to actually start putting into practice because you probably haven't up to this point. I'm also going to be spending a lot of time decoding the mysteries of the other side we're going to talk about how women perceive their interaction between a man and a woman and how women perceive the interaction between a man and a woman and the comparisons will probably shock you hey there there's my number one fan sneak in the chocolate all right. Okay.

Well it is technically 7:00 they're going to keep filtering in. I know. But we'll go ahead and get started and we'll see what happens welcome to. Renegade romance rapid attraction secrets for dating mating and relating my name is.

David. Snider and. I will be your. Guide tonight through the wonderful and often confusing world of sex romance dating and relationships uh a little bit about my background with this is uh in 2004 2005.

I was a student in uh. Los. Angeles. California.

I was studying acupuncture and. Oriental medicine prior to me going to. Acupuncture school uh. I did my undergraduate work in uh.

Oklahoma. State. University. Oklahoma.

City where. I was torn conflicted confused between two career paths one of which was. Healthcare the other was criminal investigation in other words. I wanted to be.

I wanted to be a. FBI profiler and. I why because. I've always been fascinated by how people think how they work how to predict and interpret human behavior and.

I found over the years the decades that have gone by since. Then that it was an extraordinarily empowering and enlightening. Journey gave me tremendous tremendous advantages in a number of situations one of which was dating and relationships there is a distinct distinct advantage to understanding how to interpret body language both for attraction and when people are freaking lying okay. It's extremely useful the interesting thing about both of those particular.

Pursuits is that a lot of the indicators for attraction a lot of the indicators for deception are based on one thing the same thing that's on that survey. I told you to fill out stress you have two kinds of stress that the body works on or works with positive stress and negative stress either way when the body goes into stress responses it looks for ways to deal with it depending on what kind of stress it is you'll go into attraction cues which are just stress signaling mechanisms or distress cues which are avoidance cues things that people uh do to dissipate stress or get away from it. So no. Matter what we're talking about in terms of body l language we're always dealing with some change in the homeostasis of the body some change in the the the level of arousal in the nervous system it's just a question beyond that of what direction is it going does that make sense okay.

Now they're starting to file in. So that brings us up to 2004 2005 all the while. I was going through my undergraduate education. I spent hours and hours year after year studying the.

Dynamics of relationships attraction dating not for you most of the things. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight. I learned for me. I didn't.

I never intended to be teaching this to any of you that being said just because. I'm a guy ladies pay very close attention because a lot of the things that. I teach men to do to attract you are what you do to attract men a lot of the protocols. I'm going to be sharing with you work on either gender in fact one of the major ones.

I'm going to be sharing with you tonight there's two components. I'm really going to focus on um that. I think are the big chunks that everybody needs to get everything else is a little bit more peripheral one is called the three magic questions protocol and the other is called the mating dance the mating dance is a seven-stage process a body language process that every human being on the planet man and woman interacting go through it's hardwired into the system it's not culturally dependent. So if you go to.

Australia and you see two people interacting you'll see the same seven stages if you go to. New. Guinea and see two people interacting in a in an urban social setting you'll see the same seven stages the interesting thing about the mating dance is that through most of it the woman's doing the leading okay. Which brings us to the very.

First lesson. I have to teach men when it comes to interacting with women pay attention. Okay. Over onethird actually 60% of all approaches all male female approaches are actually initiated by women guys did you know that of course not because you weren't paying attention 80% of all breakups are initiated by women too in case you didn't know that you guys probably knew that one though right.

Right. The question is if 60% of all approaches are initiated by women how are we missing this. I got some some horrible and ugly truths for you guys and girls actually. But we'll start with the guy since they have thicker skins most of us are far uglier than we than we'll admit and far more attractive than we realize huh what you see the cognitive dissonance hit when that comes in what do you mean you just told me.

I'm uglier than. I thought. But. I'm more attractive than.

I realized nobody likes to admit they're ugly. So they always either tell they either rate themselves as average or above average and in my. Last course on lie detection. I gave you a laundry list of wonderful uh examples of self-deception and if anybody wants to hear those maybe during a break or something.

I'll. I'll pull them out and you can play with it a little bit. But the bottom line is is really has nothing. Beyond a certain certain degree or certain level how attractive you are has nothing to do with your physical appearance it has everything to do with how other people perceive you very important distinction there how other people perceive you now you have a lot of control both consciously and unconsciously about how other people perceive you and we'll we'll talk about those.

I'm going to try and cover if you can think about tonight's lecture. I could go really really deep into one subject and leave all like 16 other subjects untouched or. I can touch on each and every one of them and give you guys a little bit of an overview and some ideas that you can start putting into practice when. I say that most.

PE most guys are more attractive than they realize it's because women who engage who who initiate 60% of all approaches all male female interactions that have has an agenda getting to know somebody initiated by women you're not seeing the signals because men and women send out different signals that they think are obvious. But they're not the signals a woman sends out that signal attraction that are trying to drop messages to you are only perceptible by women and it's not really. I mean if guys we're dumb as rocks let's be honest we are okay. Um.

But the truth of the matter is both sides and by the way before we go any further both genders manipulate each other get over it okay. So long as we get that 800lb gorilla out of the room we're okay. Let me close this nobody else gets in oh we going to have some fun tonight baby all right. So both genders manipulate get over it and someone in the audience someone goes.

I don't manipulate people really did you cut your hair recently. CU that's an attempt at manipulating perception did anybody here put on makeup today by the way this means yes. This means this means yes. This means no.

Right. Anybody here bathe. God. I hope like [ __ ] he was watching right.

Anything that we do let's really just drill down real quick anything that we do with the intention of managing how other people perceive us is some form of manipulation get over it you can't survive with not it. But we do need to probably make a distinction between manipulation with a malevolent objective and manipulation with a benevolent one right. Everything we're going to talk about here is powerful which means it can be used properly and well or it can be misused. I'm not.

I'm not a persuasion cop. I'm certainly not politically correct and if political correctness or lack of it thereof offends you there's the door okay. I do like to tell it pretty straight tell it like it is and. I like to have fun which is the.

First thing we need to understand if we want to start upping our level of attractiveness to other people if we want to start generating more attraction we need to have more fun and we need to radiate that out to everyone we interact with that we are people who like to have fun how many people here do anything with online dating or okay. Question how many people here do anything with online dating not. So much okay. I don't have you don't have what.

I don't at all don't at all okay. How many people are actually married raise your hand okay. Good single otherwise engaged divorced divorced okay. We need to know this by the way a lot of the things for those of you who are married there aren't that many.

So that's okay. Too um a lot of things that. I'm going to be talking about will actually put more juice and spice back into your marriage once you understand how the other side thinks there's this thing in. Psychology we call projection anybody ever know what ever hear that term projection if you haven't projection basically means we're all moving through the world with this map of how the world's supposed to be based on our ideal design how supposed to work and what happens is we look.

At that mirror or we look. At that image or that that map and we make decisions about the value of it and that's what happens inside. But what we do with it. Then is we actually take that map and project it onto everyone around us and act as if they work the same way we do and.

Then we make them wrong when they don't match anybody here ever do something different than you expected and you got upset that's how it works right. May or may not have been something even remotely stupid or whatever it just wasn't what you expected or how you you thought things should be we all have these. Maps we all engage in projection okay. And especially amongst the genders because your your biology is slightly different your psychology is slightly different and your sociology is slightly different everything both genders do is logical it makes sense.

But only from their perspective okay. When a woman is sending out signals because of her because of her socialization because of her unique biology she's developed certain strategies that she has to employ to move her genes forward because she has to work more socially more interactively with women her strength comes in numbers she tends to develop a very very powerful sense of body language detection or understanding a higher degree of empathy and a greater degree of danger detection she spends a lot more time scanning for potential threats and. So when women interact they're interacting on very very subtle levels and when they move through the world that's how they do it guys we're a little bit more blatant we we come out of the womb and the. First thing we do is start competing for dominance okay.

You get a you get a a room full of guys and within 20 minutes the pecking odor has been established and. Everyone. Falls in line right. It's the social hierarchy and until.

Then you you can literally see the equivalent of a social dick contest everybody's everybody's competing for that top that top slot right. In in the pick event seduction. World which is where we're coming back to. I haven't given you the full history yet we call that frame control frame control or frames are the overall meaning of.

Any. Given interaction and the part you play in that frame for example typical dating scenario man and a woman are in a bar right. Man sees exciting looking woman womaning that's a that's a papism right. You guys don't know what papey is okay.

I'm strong to the. Anyway. So he approaches she's standing there at the bar and he's he's going okay. Here we go.

Last time. I did this guy kicked in the nards twice this is what you know he thinks he's doing this in his head that's what he's. But that's only in his head in his head he's going in reality he here. I go and of course she's sitting at the chair and you hear that little oh yeah music oh yeah come on guys help me out here no.

Ferris feler fans and you see her go you know that slow movement and she's thinking to herself. H wonder which way this one's going to go right. Is he going to man up or clam up right. And.

I lost my train of thought. But. Anyway who's the prize in that interaction the girl the girl right. Yeah.

But what what if as weird as this may sound what if the woman were the one doing the approaching would she still be the prize. The. Arrogant on say yes. Right.

Same scenario right. But the players have changed here's the weird thing in any frame between two people the roles are predetermined by biology just like remember when. I said that when when a bunch of guys get together there's this 20-minute dick contest that goes on sorry. I shouldn't say dick in front of a large group of people.

CU that would be politically correct and. Then the. PE. Then the social hierarchy emerges yes.

No. Okay. That's a frame just like this the behaviors are unconscious the moment the positions in the frame are established the behaviors activ at automatically if you control the frame you control the game. So the secret here ladies and men because you are here tonight because you are learning the secrets of the other side you now are the prize in any relationship in any interaction because you know this because you understand this your goal is to hold the prize position and.

I'm going to teach you very powerful ways to make sure you keep that prize position. I may if. I'm really feeling benevolent. I may even let you practice on each other just to show you and everybody's going yeah no.

No. Please don't make me talk to a woman no. Go me talk to a strange guy in a. Meetup.

I didn't come here to be social. I've actually had people yell at me for trying to ferment interaction in a. Meetup says. I like.

I would love to come to your meet us. But every time you. I come to a meet up you make people stand up and talk about themselves and. I hate that maybe you shouldn't come to an attraction meet up.

I. I kid you not right. The. First thing we have to do is we have to stop taking ourselves too seriously which is usually why we screw ourselves up in the.

First place we create these pictures in our head based on. What's happen happened to us in the past we blow them way out of proportion and. Then we act as if they're true and we act as if the other person that we're seeking to interact with sees it too in 2001 2002. I moved to.

Los. Angeles to study acupuncture because. I looked at what criminal investigators make and the amount of stress level and the life expectancy as well as the drug abuse totals and. I said no.

I'm not going there. So. I went to study acupuncture. But.

I've been studying a attaction dating seduction. I hate that word by the way. I use it because it's important. But.

I hate the word just not a nice word. I like attraction. I like romance. I like.

Adventure they're all good words for the same thing and they create different associations and we're going to talk about emotional associations if you're not playing with emotions and you're you're playing in the wrong you're swimming in the wrong pool okay. Any of you guys have ever tried to logic a woman into going out with you right. I've got this card. I've got this job and.

I got this. CL stuff and she's like yeah right. And. Then she leaves you for the janitor right.

How's that work emotional engagement ladies. I'm going to say some things that are going to be fly directly in the face of what you've been taught to attract people okay. Anybody here ever ever uh read a book. Called.

The. Rules okay. If you have it go home and burn it because it's the rules for staying single the model upon which that is based is gone it doesn't work anymore and we'll we'll discuss why in 20 let me just finish my history. So you understand how this is relevant while.

I was in medical school while. I was studying acupuncture. Oriental medicine. I got to to immerse myself very very deeply in both the hypnosis.

Community. I ran an organization called. Sleepwalkers. International it was the world's largest.

NLP and hypnosis practice organization in the world we had chap in like seven countries and 13 states okay. And uh. I was the head of that whole organization and we had the largest free practice groups and sessions. Barone people were always in the entire hypnosis world were looking to see what we were doing in.

La the other thing about that though this was before a book. Called the game came out anybody remember that book. You know about that book. If you don't it's it's a good read even if you don't buy into that stuff right.

There's a lot you can learn from it uh happen to know. Neil he's a good guy believe it or not um um. But. I happen to be on a.

First name basis with a lot of the guys in that book. And. I had. I happen to interact with a lot of the people who would.

Later to go on to become dating coaches and things like that 2004 2005. I. I created my. First ecourse it was a home study course on how to give women the most outstanding sexual experience of their life it was literally how to find out and discover on an individual woman bywoman basis exactly what constitutes her ideal lover on the.

First night you were with her and match it to the point where by before you even slept with her well you already out outclassed every guy she'd ever been with and. Then you take her. Beyond it it was based on something we call the checklist which goes back to this concept of projection every every interaction that you have male or female is based on what we call criteria and values it's based on a set of building blocks that you use to decide for yourself what's right. What's proper what's appropriate it's your checklist if somebody matches your checklist it's like a video game you get to go to the.

Next level you have this great. Rush of pleasure you feel validated how many women would like a relationship in which they feel validated let me ask you ladies a question because it's important guys pay attention. First rule pay attention cuz we don't we're dumb as rocks trust me. I'm on your side ladies believe me if you met a guy who could touch you in the way you've always wanted a man to touch you at exactly the right.

Time in exactly the right. Place could say the exact word you've always wanted to hear come from the lips of a man that allows you to feel completely understood validated connected what would you do for that man because that's what. I came out with in 2004 2005 guys thought it was all about sex because that's what we focus on. But it's not it's about something much much deeper it's about the building blocks of your identity everything that you hold to be sacred in your world we do it on a social level we do it on a relationship level we do it on a sexual or a physical level we have these maps and the more quickly and the more accurately we can discover somebody's map of what's right.

In their world the more we know about them and the more we can give them everything that's important to them that's what you're here to learn tonight okay. It's not quick tricks for you know putting another notch on your bed post although you could and it works for either gender the only thing that changes a little bit is the order and sequence in which you do certain things does that make sense. But we're all the good guys here in gals right. You're not going to go out and do vile things to people with this right.

And. Then it got very quiet and. David got very nervous maybe. I should just end it here what do you think they're like no.

You're not getting out [ __ ] you're not you're not going to say that and. Then all of a sudden take it away the magic question though if we're going to do this on a conversational level by the way you like the heart see that lady back there holding the holding the the saxophone position. Next to. Cy that's my daughter.

Tracy she's a magnificently gifted artist give her a big round of applause and. I just want to validate her and this wonderful beautiful heart that she created before. I do the manly thing and erase it cuz. I'm a man and we can get away with that [ __ ] okay.

You also no. She did not she would have done it better not that. I'm a proud dad or anything and. I am.

I've. I've been happily married now since 2009. I think 2010 um. But a lot of the things that that have allowed me to do that were because of the things.

I'm teaching you tonight okay. My wife is a consant overachiever okay. She had a. PhD in.

Biochemistry before she started chiropractic school she started chiropractic school and. Acupuncture school at the same time she was a valedictorian of both at the same time my wife is not a stupid woman how she wound up with me. I don't know. But one of the things that um when you're you're dealing with women especially a lot of the modern women which.

I see by the average uh age range or youth range in this room there's a lot of very self-actualized women in here women who have careers who have their own businesses who have had to in many ways take on attitudes and behaviors that a couple of generations ago would have been completely outside the norm today women are better educated they make more money. God knows why they need us okay. But that does create another set of problems really does. I'm going to.

I'm going to leave that. Loop open for now because. I want to we'll come back to it because it's very important that if you want your woman to be more of a woman guys you need to be more of a man because as ironic look. At them all noding it's like he gets it right.

Men today uh produce 25% less testosterone than their grandfather's generation did the gender roles have been. So blurred and. Confused that guys don't know how to be guys anymore they don't know how to be. Primal enough to keep these self-actualized women happy they become metrosexual they become very sensitive which is not a bad thing.

But when sensitivity becomes weakness you're woman loses interest and there's nothing more dangerous or deadly than a bored disrespectful woman look. At the women they're going and it sounds like. I'm preaching to the guys and. I am you know why ladies we need it we need it.

But. I am going to. BM. I'm going to you know bounce off you a little bit too.

So you have a different set of problems in the dating and relating world mostly because you've been fed a l of hoie which at the time it was created served a purpose. But times have changed okay. How many people when they were growing up especially you older ladies were told when you know never make eye contact with a guy you're attracted with because that's not what good girls do anybody ever ever taught that maybe. I'm reading a different book.

I don't know. But there is an ongoing thing that don't make ey contact with guys you're attracted to because they might come over and talk to you the problem that women have with a lot of the behaviors that they're taught they're taught with the intention of creating a certain effect when in fact many times they create the opposite effect. I made. I made a little joke earlier of a guy trying to approach a woman and that little whole.

Fear. Factor that's the biggest problem guys have is that fear of rejection women have a slightly different problem they're not afraid of being being approached they're afraid at least if. I'm full of [ __ ] tell me they're afraid of getting themselves into an interaction they can't get themselves out of yes. Why because that.

Gap was left out of their training you ever notice that when a woman get she by the way she think remember the projection thing when a woman is signaling the interaction is over to another woman that woman gets it instantly. But the guy will just keep droning on and on because he's been breasta tized you know these guys they come up and they have a deep reflectable. Soulful conversation with your chest right. But the truth of the matter is is that when when it comes to attraction cues when it comes to social interaction cues we don't perceive the same way or we we do.

But we look. We're we're sorting for different. Behavior avors and a lot of this goes back to the playground you ever wonder how a guy becomes naturally good at women and how most of us don't. CU.

I was one of the other ones usually goes back to when you're on playground usually around kindergarten or. So and you see this girl who looks interesting you really don't know what like anything beyond like at that point except that you see this girl or you see this guy and you just kind of like her you just want to get to hang out with her and you're not really sure why. But you approach now little girls have this problem they like little boys too the only problem is is they're worried about what their friends are going to say true not true my friends find out. I like a boy it's all over.

But she wants your attention guys you ever hear that expression when a child can't get your attention one way she'll get it another. So what happens little boy walks over to the girl he's dumb as a rock he doesn't know anything he's very linear he thinks see food eat food see girl you like girl go talk to girl not a problem right. Well that's boy world that's not girl world. So boy sees girl maybe boy in this scenario boy approaches girl and they say hi and she's with her friends and she's like excited he came over to talk to her and.

Then realizes her friends are looking at her boys are icky right. That's a pretty linear example now all of a sudden every time he goes to talk to another girl the. First thing his unconscious mind is going to do is say okay. Have we ever experienced a situation like this before the unconscious mind goes hm let me check yes.

What did we do we did this what did she do she did that oh. I'll do it again because that's what your unconscious mind does it doesn't sort for good or bad especially when you're young it sorts for what was there. First and it brings up the memory it brings up the feelings and you experience it again either consciously or unconsciously anybody here ever have familiar feelings in something a new completely new situation welcome to the power of the unconscious mind that's what. I do as a hypnotist now there's another.

SC girl likes boy they're on the playground he's over there playing with his friends. But he she wants his attention. So she looks at her friends looks at the boy looks at the friends looks at the boy walks across the playground. Taps him on the shoulder and goes boys are icky and and.

Then maybe kicks him in the shin and walks away what does boy say she really hates me he completely misses the fact that she walked across a crowded parking lot or crowded playground to tap him on the shoulder kick say boys are icky to him by looking him in the eye and. Then walk back to her friends who were watching guys does this scenario even come close to ringing a bell. B maybe. I'm not going to.

I'm sorry you got me [ __ ] right. The problem is is that we need to protect oursel from how other people see us you see there's three areas in our life that cause resistance or three categories of things where resistance comes from or fear comes from it comes from anything that threatens how we see oursel anything that threatens how we think other people will see yes. Or three what we know to be true any lady who's ever been taught good girls don't have. First sex on the.

First date knows what. I'm talking about right. Oh no. One here's ever done that right.

I see the looks you can't hide from me it's okay. The problem is again both sides want the same thing they really do they just go about them from very different maps of the world guys were very linear okay. Even though. I parody that whole walking across the parking lot thing it was a bit of a parody it's actually more true than not true the vast majority of approaches that you guys miss are where the woman just happens to wander into your area and waits and waits and waits which seems to her like hours really not very long at all and.

Then she leaves she comes up to you asks ask you what time it is and you look. At your watch and you give her the time you miss the fact that she walked all the way across a crowded room full of people with watches to ask you the time you guys understand that when a woman does not like you she systematically removes you either metaphorically or literally from her environment she does not give attention of any kind to people she doesn't like or find interesting okays gu to a certain degree. But it's a little bit different it's women are much more subtle about it you know you you walk up to a guy and he doesn't like you he'll give you whatever he need just to get rid of you you know women will just go true or not true you know that's a seduction tactic learn from women it's called the freeze out okay. And basically it it it it it attacks.

The. Reptilian. Brain it activates the reptilian need to be included by taking it away okay. We could go into all the different mechanics of it.

But it's kind of a a dirty tactic. But it's useful you know. But we learned it from women okay. Women systematically remove and this is a this is a principle.

I want you to tattoo it on your forehead okay. Women do not interact unless by force with people they don't like if they can't leave the room they will metaphorically remove you from the environment okay. Now guys when you're out in the world and you're doing something and woman out of the blue gives you a smartass remark did you wore that shirt today right. With a grin or a smirk on her face the little boy on the playground thinks oh [ __ ] boys are icky she doesn't like me right.

The guy who chose a different response the little boy who when the girl said boys are icky he looked at her and said girls are ickier and now they're sparring right. In that moment the frame was in was at a point where it was very easy to change at that moment. Des depending on how the boy decided to interpret that behavioral cue determined the course of his entire dating life would he be someone who is intimidated by approaching or would he become someone who when that little shot across the bow got fired realized oh the game is on she wants to play and the sparring match continues most of us chose the very linear approach the other ones went on to become seduction artists and guys who are just as damn good at women are athletes right. But it starts when it's the same behavior it's the same pattern.

But it starts at a very young age now the cool thing is is once you understand that that behavior the only thing that changes is the sophistication of it it's the same basic process when a woman is interacting with you and she appears to be short of blowing smoke in your face and kicking you in the nuts metaphor you know um she's act she's inviting interaction she's giving you a chance to demonstrate that you get that you're not a blowdown you're not going to curl up and run away like all the other beta males she used to interacting with you understand that even an average attracted a woman of average attraction gets hit on a ridiculous number of times every day now with that sheer number of approaches she's got to create a system that allows her to sort the good the potentials from the. Noto potential and and she'll test you she'll throw little signals out there to see what you'll do and she'll sort you depending on that it has very little to do after the initial interaction about how you look. Has more about how you make her feel how you demonstrate how you move through the world are you someone who's just going to you know take the. Boer icky and accept that and move on or are you going to say ho ho you do it on a gauntlet let's play right.

Now corollary to that is since. God are dumb as rocks there is a time in every interaction where you're either going to get somewhere with this lady or you're not she's going to try from her perspective to signal that you know what. I'm not feeling it maybe we should just not go here or go in that direction. But we don't do that we keep talking and talking and talking until.

Finally she's given like six or seven signals or six or seven attempts to remove herself from the interaction we still haven't gotten it and all of a sudden the bit. Shield goes up because it's the only thing we get the only thing that cuts through that testosterone induced trance that we're in does that make sense okay. So ladies what you need to do two things you need to develop a system or a set of techniques see. I'm going to take the care of the ladies.

First because they put up with my meander dring since. I walking you guys came in you need to be able to extract yourself from an interaction going south that's the. First key that's the. First social skill we need to kind of a gap we need to fill in sorry you mean the frying frying pan is usually a little it's it's usually just blunt enough for some of us to get it really depends on how how long it's been if you know what.

I'm saying right. Or how many drinks we've had or whatever the other part is and this is important for you ladies how many ladies here consistently meet the wrong type of freaking guy and are tired of it okay. Blame the rules the rules you were taught growing up are designed from the female perspective to weed out the guys who are not confident not secure not manly enough strong enough to be a good protector and a provider that's what they're intended to do. But at the same time you want a guy who will respect your boundaries right.

Who will not when you signal that the interaction's over they'll get it right. Who gets you guess what the behaviors you were taught to scream for that will. DET will absolutely ensure that they will not approach you because most of the signals how many people were taught to play hard to get you were taught to play hard to get okay. Right.

On were you taught to play hard to get. I wasn't taught at all you weren't taught at all okay. You're in the right. Place can.

I say something sometimes it's just that you meet a person and you might be the nicest person on. Earth mhm. But you just don't feel that there's no. Chemistry there's no.

Connection chemistry. I got it we're going to get to that. But we got to get to the point where the guy here's the problem is ladies you're being approached a lot true not true. But the guys that you're being approached to they just don't do it for you or they do it to a certain point and.

Then everything goes south in a predictable pattern right. It's because the behaviors that you were that most of us are taught are designed to give the impression of being hard to get what they actually do is set up barriers that only people who are. Ultra. Ultra confident which is a very tiny percentage or who just don't care about your boundaries will approach you the ones who will will see your body language and not come close to you because in their world you're signaling you don't want to be approached the intention of the behaviors you were taught is wonderful the result not.

So much. So the key a be more approachable. But in order to be willing to be more approachable we have to develop a way to get ourselves out of the stuff when stuff starts to go south when the [ __ ] starts to hit the fan they're just not getting the message how do we extract ourselves from the situation and make everybody okay. Without trashing this guy's self-esteem which is what happens most of us don't get the message the woman has to resort to the [ __ ] screen the [ __ ] shield in order for you to take the hint to go away she doesn't want to do it most of the time it's been my experience.

But she doesn't you're not getting all the subtle signals that would be obvious to another woman cuz you're not a woman. So for us guys we have to get smarter we have to become more aware ladies we have to fill in the gap between being accepting and nurturing and kind and considerate and super [ __ ] right. We need to start creating a a a decision tree kind of where okay. This isn't going well subtle hint number one that he'll get still preserves his self-esteem.

But moves the interaction a little bit more gives it a little more insulation gives a little bit more distance does that make sense. So that's kind of the thing that you want to start to really focus on we can go into different kinds of examples and you know some of the things that that you might say when when you sense that the interaction is going to go in a way it isn't going where you want it to go you can do very simple things like you know what. I really really am enjoying this conversation maybe he's asked for the phone number say you know why don't you give me your email we'll continue this you know online or you could say um excuse me. I got to get my drink and get out of the interaction subtle things that preserve the approacher self-esteem.

But gets you out of the interaction gives you distance right. Sometimes they still won't get it and. Then you need to escalate. I'm aware of that.

But if we can fill in the. Gap a little bit start to give ourselves a little bit more of a staging area or a little bit more of a progression we're more open to allowing ourselves to become more more approachable which means as a rule we'll have a much larger selection of men talking to us and we're not screening for the ultra. Alphas or the ultra sociopaths because 4% of the population falls under that definition that's beyond epidemic level by the way for those of you who work with the. CDC okay.

There's a lot more guys out there who just don't care no. One in this room of course. But that's where we want to go for you ladies is we want to give you a set of protocols to follow where you can get yourself out of the [ __ ] pardon my friends that secret hidden influence. Technologies by the way it's an acronym and we want to start developing behaviors and body language that signals the right.

Kind of guy to approach you. So on one level we build our defenses. So we can lower others. So we get a bigger selection does that make sense guys we need to get over this feere of approaching okay.

We need to get over this whole well how do. I do it. I'm going to give you the number one most successful pickup line in history works 99.99% of the time when used by women. Works about 96% % of the time all over the world when used by men goes something like this hi hi how you doing good that's it how are you see right.

That's really you don't need to be clever many times you just need to be direct and just say hey just wanted to meet you my name is good eye contact though right. Now ladies you can encourage this by becoming more. OB obvious that you want somebody to come and talk to you show of hands guys if you could if you looked at a woman and you knew within a 60 to 90% probability that that woman wanted you to come and talk to her or was at least open to the possibility how much fear would you have in approaching how many people would have a lot of fear you would get fix your ass in a minute how many people would have less than 25% fear most of the guys in this room which are nice guys by the way guys who would respect your boundaries. But won't approach you because you're not telling them you want them to in a way that they get it and this is the secret of.

Tonight. Tonight is about learning how the other side thinks. Learning. How the.

Other. Side perceives your behaviors what their behaviors mean to you and what they're supposed to mean to them once you understand it now you can manage it. But if you keep trying to interpret what a woman does by your model of the world or you keep trying to interpret what a man does by your model of the world you're going to continue having this frustration does that make sense this means yes. This means no.

Yes. Question. I learned or heard that when a guy sometimes ask you for your number it's actually his way to disconnect from you it could be could be. So it actually might be a hope that that person is in absolutely not every this is not an exact science by any stretched imagination and a lot of the same behaviors both genders use.

So yeah it's very very possible that he's he's asking for your phone number to get rid of you. But by show of hands guys how many of you have ever asked for a woman's phone number to get rid of her say there you go when in doubt just test it okay. You just test you just ask sometimes being direct has a lot of power why they ask you for your phone number to get rid of you instead of just walking away. Rob it's in the movie swingers it's in the okay.

I didn't see the movie yeah the whole thing is in this in this in the pickup and seduction which. I. I have a lot of respect for them actually even though they get a lot of bad press. But my specialty in the clinic is physiological illness tumors chronic illness that has as its cause repressed emotion some of the most powerful techniques that.

I use to heal people to help them fix their own physical illness were honed in the seduction. Community it's the harshest environment there is and if if it works in a place where people have no. Vested interest in doing what you want they don't they're not there to with the agenda of going home with you or or doing what you want in any way shape or form and the principle works when you take the same principle and apply it in a more open environment in a different direction you gain tremendous tremendous power yes. I missed a connection of what principle you're talking about well there's a lot of them okay.

Okay. Um one of the ones that that really is useful how many people here have seen at least one of my videos on the internet okay. Have you seen any of the videos where. I do where.

I spin something and it goes away the essence of that technique or one of the principles in that technique is based around the concept of symbols and how they interact with the unconscious mind you may have a defense mechanism unconsciously against my words against me going directly after the specific problem there may be a whole shell around it that doesn't want to be touched. But your unconscious mind doesn't think about creating a defense against a symbol for it. So by connecting the problem to a symbol and manipulating the symbol. I can indirectly manipulate the problem.

I can do the same there's a video if you want to go and look. There is a video out there on. YouTube where. I'm using the exact same technique that you've seen me use to get rid of pains fears.

I even cure broken hearts with it there's a video on. YouTube of me doing that actually. I've done three of them now. But there's also one where.

I'm actually using it to give a woman multiple multiple orgasms without touching her she was a very happy woman by the way right. Same principle same subconscious mind same neurology power is neutral ladies and gentlemen it's the direction in which you apply it that defines it okay. So you can look. At a lot of the things.

I'm teaching you tonight from a very that's very manipulative and evil and you know things should just happen spontaneously and be natural and you know if it's meant to be it's meant to be if that's true why did you bathe today why did you style your hair why did you color it. I color my hair. I know a lot of you ladies color your hair why did you bother it to get haircut at all you didn't come into this world with shaved with a you know a cool cool cover whatever. However you style it right.

You didn't get real okay. We do these things because we want to manage perception. So that we can have more control over every aspect of. Our.

Lives it's just some of us are honest about it and some of us aren't we hide behind words like empowerment or we hide behind words like. I'm just a. Healer. I'm just going to heal everybody and do healing things [ __ ] yes.

You're healing. But you're doing it out of a sense that you want control over something you want to take the randomness out of your life. I know most of you want to take the randomness out of your dating lives don't you this means yes. This means no.

Okay. So let's just get over ourselves and understand that these principles are out there and if you do if you if you study this material for no. Other reason than to learn to recognize it. So that you can protect yourself against it if that's where the place you're coming from.

Then it's an evening well stand right. But what if we could take all this stuff systematize it and use it in a way that creates deep real powerful connection and chemistry with another human being that we select what if we didn't have to rely on just. Destiny which is a big fantasy for most women by the way you ever want to get a woman's attention find a commonality in the environment say man. I can't believe you have the same thing in common with me it's like we were destined to meet and they'll go oh yeah just one of the memes that are floating around okay.

It's one of the things you're programmed with stories movies. Hollywood is responsible for more divorces than any other medium on the planet how the hell was that possible think about the average romantic com the average romantic comedy the average romance what happens at the end of every one of them. Happy. The.

Happy. Ending the story ends right. The story ends what's the meta message you meet you. Court you have a great adventure you consummate the relationship and.

Then the story ends and if there's a sequel nine times out of 10 there's a different lead think about it for a minute how many women has. Indiana. Jones actually been with right. At the end she winds up he winds up with the.

First one which is again another meme another fantasy right. There are a lot there are layer upon layer upon layer of social programs being installed into you all the time. But the story ends and you have to keep going and that's where things start to go go south right. Because when you take on you reach certain stages in your relationship your roles change your identity changes how many people here have been married at least once okay.

That was. I was a loaded question. I knew that going in ever notice that after about a year all the things that the other person was doing to make you want to marry him in the. First place they kind of stopped doing why they already have you they already have you okay.

The story ended sorry the story ended the story ended no. But it happens to most of us and that's what we're talking about we're not looking at the exceptions to the rule if you were the exceptions to the rule this room would be empty true or not true true all right. Let's let's be real okay. I'm here to help.

I really am you know. I. I made 60 new friends tonight and. I'm hoping that.

I can give you guys some really powerful stuff some that's going to fly in the face of what you're used to okay. That's part of the process if you get to keep doing what you've always been doing you're going to keep getting the same results that's a choice right. The reason that a lot of these relationships fail is because. Society has programmed certain key identity roles into each and every gender that are designed to take place at certain key points in your life relationship marriage you're wedding and all of a sudden within a year you're not the person that you were who.

God want to marry you in the. First place or about him to want to marry like he says he got her right. But it's more than that it's more it's more complex than that because now as soon as you start as soon as you become the wife. Then all of a sudden it's the count the ticker starts running to till mother starts to to activate and if you have a career that's not going away you're not going to give that up okay.

So you've got wife mother career woman if you're in active in any kind of. Charities or any kind of other activities those are more and more things that are calling your time same thing happens to guys he starts you know he starts to get more he's got a family now he's got to spend more time at the office he's got to do more this more that he starts to work harder to make more money one of two things can begin to happen there too anybody ever heard here the. First. Wives.

Club how many people here are. M of the. First. Wives.

Club up. I was right. What happens there. Boy.

Meets. Girl in college he's a struggling architect or cardiac surgeon or whatever she's an econ major orot or what a pilot or a pilot o. Pilots. That's dangerous they had a lot of status right.

Bruce. Anyway um. But what happens all of a sudden he goes on to be she s starts sacrificing more and more and more this is the old model it doesn't happen that much anymore. But the old model is she starts sacrificing more and more and more to help him get ahead true or not true that's how the story goes right.

Then all of a sudden 10 years. Later he's this head of this. Fortune 500 company or on his way to becoming the top. CEO he he achieves a another three or four decimal places on his on his salary and she serves you with divorce papers and leaves you for the hot secretary hired six months ago why his self-image changed it's not midlife crisis although that can happen it's identity his self-image changed and he started seeing himself differently you cannot repeat cannot out earn your self-image you cannot hold on to things that are not in conformance with how you see and value yourself if you are constantly attracting the same kind of person over and over and over again it's because there's a template and a set of behaviors that you're doing that are bringing that kind of person into your life and it's all outside of conscious awareness that's why you keep coming up with reasons why it didn't work this time.

But it's the same story over and over again does that make sense just mean. I'm not. I didn't want to get all negative. But we started lapsing into socially programmed roles just kind of went that way.

Society does does this to us. So how do we fix it. First become aware of it because until someone like me who tells you like it is maybe and maybe you heard some of this before that's okay. Brings it to your attention enough times that you decide you want to do something about it you'll keep getting the same results.

So we have to start addressing self-image. But let's look. At something a little bit more practical and a little bit more short term ladies we want to be signal approachability we want to give ourselves more of a buffer that allows us to send signals to the other side that they'll interpret that they'll get that the interaction's over and you can move on that way you can feel more comfortable sending out the signals. I'm about to give you or teach you tell you about that allow people to realize you actually want them to come and talk to you would that be okay.

The set of characteristics and behaviors. I'm going to give you are from a book. Called how to make anyone. Love.

You by. Leo. Lis and some of them are kind of funny they start from the highest percentage that you can do them with the least amount of risus and get progressively more body and daring you can pick and choose which ones you want to play with number one 511 people if you look. At somebody make positive eye contact and smile broadly that's usually enough encouragement for them to want to come talk to you.

But don't make it a brief smile make hold their gaze and smile right. Second one by the way when we talk about positive eye contact you know what. I'm you know what. I'm mean it's not this hi how you doing right.

What is positive eye contact straighten eye. I'm sorry straighten the eye straighten the eye like this no. Okay. What's positive eye contact that goes uh across the room across the room.

H not looking good for you you guys what's positive eye contact uh sustains without threatening sustains without threatening what's positive eye contact not a clue okay. Couple of things when we're talking about positive eye contact there's a certain physiological response or physiological set of muscular contractions your face makes when you legitimately like what you're looking at see these little crow feed around my this corners of my eye when. I'm genuin happy to see you see how they crinkle up when. I'm just smiling it's kind of that creepy smile now right.

From the nose down there's a smile from the face up it's serial killer right. This is where you have to become a little bit more. Discerning in your eye contact if. I'm looking.

I'm talk. Michelle or. Anna. Amanda.

Amanda. I was halfway right. Okay. If.

I'm talking to. Amanda and. I'm smiling. I'm looking at her and.

I have positive eye contact. But from the from the nose up there's nothing going on she's tolerating my presence may have nothing to do with me she may just be in a in a weird mood that day and just didn't want to be interacted with. So the. First thing we have to do whether we're male looking for men looking for women women looking for men we have to know what real positive eye contact is when.

I look. At somebody and. I smile and these little muscles crinkle that's a legit imate happy to see you smile okay. If from the nose up nothing's going on or they've got a like they've had an overdose of.

Botox ladies you might want to think about that right. If all you are is a talking face or talking mouth and nothing else is moving not necessarily a good idea. But that's the. First thing we have to do when we walk into a venue any venue the.

First thing we want to do is we want to look. For positive eye contact we're going to look. For people who are genuinely. But unconsciously happy to see us that make sense okay.

Sounds weird you really want to get good training on this watch celebrities when they're walking the red carpet you can tell who's pissed off and who's not they're going right. It sounds weird. But once you know what to look. For and you practice it it'll jump out at you this is one of the signals by the way that most guys miss if you walk into a bar or a club and.

I don't go to bars or clubs. But. I know a lot of my students do the. First thing you want to do is go through the room and make eye contact with as many different people as possible and smile see who gives you that legitimate positive there she goes right.

She can't not do it especially if my state is right. If my emotional state is right. It'll. Ripple through your neurology and you'll go into the same state how many people here can can feel good for no.

Freaking reason just on demand just feel good. I don't believe you stand up [ __ ] stand up. I just don't believe you. I need to see that you can feel what part of stand up did you not get everybody not just that said yes.

All right. So here's what we're going to do maybe you can't feel good. On. Demand yet.

But would you like to okay. Here's the. First thing you understand the energy of the emotional state you're in when you move through the world is the. First thing somebody will pick up unconsciously if you're stressed if you're pissed off if you're insecure or nervous they're going to the person that you you're seeking interact with even though they haven't met you yet will sense it and start going into that state before you even approach.

So we want to start taking care of control of the system right. Away we want to start moving through the world in an energy of. Happiness of if if if not even happy. But at least playful of not at least not being in a shitty mood right.

So what we're going to do is we're going to do something that's pretty much fullprof science has. Finally gotten around to proving what. I've been teaching now for over 10 years is that your body controls your emotions bar none if you don't believe me you want to hear it from a woman there's a. Woman by the name of.

Amanda cuy she did a great talk called postures of power positions of power it's on. Ted just go watch it it's on my blog it's it's floating around there and she's shown she's demonstrated scientifically that if you hold any posture for as little as 2 minutes your emotional state changes when people win when they when they go into a. Victorious when they when they have a victory how do they stand what they yay do you know if you stand like this for a minimum of 2 minutes your testosterone goes up 25% yeah you're getting it they're a little slow. But they're getting it all right.

But here's my point when testosterone grows up ballsy. Behavior goes up too right. You can't change the physiology without changing the emotions without changing the brain the rationals you use to perceive the world it's a feedback loop you can't not do it if we know that why not use it. So here's what we're going to do little game.

I. I teach this to. All by persuasion and influence students. First thing we're going to do is we're going to what we call a.

Master and. Commander technique anybody here not seen the movie. Master and. Commander with.

Russell. Crow okay. If you haven't losers. Anyway.

But um uh let's see what's another one that might you guys might uh well think of a movie with somebody where where somebody represented just being that relaxed dominant. Authority person you know and just remember close your eyes. That means. Close.

Your. Eyes. By the way here's a secret everybody does what the freak. I tell you or you get time out now.

I want you to remember what it felt like to watch watch that movie to see. Russell. Crow coming out onto the deck of his ship in that posture of being in absolute control of his world without having to do any of it just overseeing his world seeing everything moving the way it's supposed to knowing in the back of his mind that if anything is neat tweaking all he has to do or she has to do is say the word and it gets handled and. I just want you to imagine.

IM that you could step into that posture of being completely in charge being in that state of relaxed control being dominant and let those feelings come flooding back and just be there breathe that stand the way you would stand breathe the way you would. Breathe let the feelings come flooding back and now when you know you've got it here's what. I want you to do without changing anything that you're doing physically don't you keep your breathing the same your posture the same everything try to feel scared notice you can't do it notice what your body tries to do when you try to feel scared notice how it tries to change now go back into that feeling of being strong and powerful and confident have you ever went up to somebody you didn't know and they were. So happy to talk to you.

So excited to see you that you felt this. Rush of warmth go all through your body and you had this incredible connection and this feeling of just having known this person even though you just met them for some mysterious reason there was a connection a click and you just talked and talked and you interacted and it was just effortless and it was fun and you both got. So much out of that interaction let that feeling come flooding back up stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing if there's any sound connected to that experience turn the volume all the way up as you look. At the picture if there's a picture notice if it's moving or still if it's still make it into a movie.

Trace the edges of the picture with your fingers notice how big the picture is grab the edges of it and expand it like like the window on your iPhone notice what happens to those feelings and. Then when you're ready just wrap it around you like a big old blanket and when you know you've got it open your eyes. Look. Up here wow that's a goodl looking room look.

Around you look. At the people 2 minutes and your world changes all you got to do is know the system now when you walk up to people and you embody this energy that's what they're going to feel when you come up and talk to them look. At her okay. They're going to feel that that's the connection everyone's looking for you could do it your whole life you just no.

One ever taught you have a seat imagine what you'll know a few minutes from now every physiological position our body takes has an emotional counterpart if you spend a lot of time being depressed being angry chances are you're doing a lot of this right. Change it. First become aware just because you didn't know this was happening doesn't mean it wasn't controlling you that's the. First thing you need to understand anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't controlling you okay.

The feelings we move through the world in will attract people with similar feelings they'll attract people with similar energies or vibrations or outlooks okay. If you want to be more approachable if you want to create connections with people you have to engender the energy or the vibe of connection the fastest way to do it is to remember a time when that was true for you stand that way breathe that way practice it every day until it becomes your natural way of moving through the world and you will be amazed at how many people start becoming more and more attracted to you cool part is by the time you finish tonight's. Workshop you'll actually be able to see when more and more people are becoming attracted to you and you'll gain more choice about who you want to go further with is that useful this means yes. This means no.

Yes. Thank you yes. All right. Ladies couple more and we're going to kind of move on to the.

Next stage uh guys just walk up and say hi after you you've controlled your state which means you've taken on that energy of connection of being relaxed. But dominant. So that you can walk up you can move through the room or move through wherever you're moving and make that positive eye contact see she can't help herself right. And she you guys know.

I'm going to do it to you right. And yet your your body goes into it because your conscious mind the part of you that thinks the part of you that r alizes that makes up reasons for why things are the way they are is the least informed in the. Last to know anything the reason you guys can't help. But smile when.

I come up and. I smile at you right. Is because. But it's processed through your body.

First 2third of your brain has already decided to smile before you're even aware that you're smiling okay. We try to talk to people we try to relate to people from the rational logical part of our brains and get them emotionally engaged and. Then hopefully from getting that emotional engagement we try to get them physically engaged if you know what. I mean and.

I think you do. However it works best in the opposite direction start from the body activate the emotions and the people you interact with will come up with their own reasons for liking you for wanting to be with you for wanting to connect with you it doesn't matter if you're a man seeking to influence a woman or a woman seeking to influence a man it's the same process does that make sense okay. Ladies real quick um. I could skip to the very.

Last one which is where you. Pat his butt. But we won't go there um how many guys have ever gone to a club and seen a woman dancing alone to the music guess what invitation to approach. Believe.

It or. Not of the women surveyed 13 or 253 said that when they wanted somebody to approach they would dance alone to the music in their vicinity hidden in plain sight makes perfect sense from the female perspective. But not. So much to us right.

Um look. Straight at him and. FP your hair how many guys have seen a woman go you got to stop taking yourself. So seriously guys seriously okay.

Um keep a fixed. Gaze on him how many guys have ever been creeped out by one who just kept looking at them did you go talk to her or go running screaming for the exit. I actually went and talk you actually went and talk to her how'd that work out. I dated her guess it worked ladies are like that is.

So. Brazen. I would never do that yeah he got a date right. If some of these things are kind of giving you that.

I don't know if. I can do that kind of a feeling that's exactly where you need to go because it's the things that have been keeping you comfortable that have been keeping you stuck firemen policemen soldiers are trained to run into danger when everybody else is running away from it what makes you an alpha what makes you dominant what makes you strong is what you do in the presence of a challenge that's one of the things that signals who. Rises to the top of the social hierarchy who gets the prize that's the the intention behind most of the behaviors that women generate right. Ladies same thing if you want more guys to approach you you've got to signal approachability on a much broader scale and a much broader wavelength than you're used to and yes.

You'll attract a lot more crap. I'm sorry. But that's why the. Next part of the process is important the screening process that's why having that defense mechanism or that defense system set up up where you can extract yourself from the situation remember the bit.

Shield works because it's it's designed to screen out the lowest common denominator of morons the ones who don't care about your boundaries remember the guys who aren't approaching you the ones. I said are respecting your boundaries they're the ones who will get the subtler messages the email bid or the. I got to get my drink or. I got to go talk to my friend they're the ones whose self-esteem is worth saving maybe it's not a fit and you know it you know it's not going anywhere.

But is it worth destroying another guy's self-esteem right. The guys who are more socially aware the guys who were picking up on the signals you're sending out that would actually be a better fit they deserve better don't they just an idea don't you deserve better. Screw the guys don't you deserve better course okay. If you want a better quality of guy you got to set up a better system right.

Just a thought it's your choice you can choose to do or not do anything you want what they all giggling at me over here all right. Uh one. Last one again look. At him toss your hair and look.

Back again. So this anybody here hear something called the. Clinton gaze okay. Clinton had an extraordinary success rate with women and every now and.

Then you you hear women talking about having met. Bill. Clinton and he does this thing with his eyes. That when he does it it just rocks their world and it basically goes something like this if.

I have two people here and. I'm talking to. Amanda and and. I'm.

I'm pressing the flesh. So to speak and. I'll hold their eyes. And as.

I go this way what just happened she speechless right. I go here and. I just give you that little. Double.

Take and. I'll hold your eyes. For a. Second the hair toss is in the similar category you make eye contact toss your hair and look.

Back seems to a woman it seems very blatant to a guy it's like subtle no. I'm serious it's bait it's bait exactly. But you got to do that cuz we're stupid we don't get it a a woman can walk up to a guy in a bar and literally go and he'll sit there and wonder what she [Laughter] meant is she [ __ ] with me yeah she did that to every other guy in the place you went there all right. Guys if you're going to make the approach ladies you got to.

Signal approachability okay. You got to set up your system. So you get a bigger population to sort from. But you got to be willing to sort because you it's just like panning for gold you're going to have to you have to strain out the mud the crap to find those gold nuggets right.

But if you keep digging in a sand pit you're not going to get anywhere right. Sometimes my metaphors are a little weird all right. All right. Let's talk about what.

I call the universal attraction conversation protocol three magic questions many of you have heard this you heard me talk about it there is varying layers of sophistication to this. But if you just get the basic framework you will have a system in place provided you've practiced the connection. State drill. I just gave you you will have a way to rapidly consistent instantly screen the good ones from the bad and at the same time generate attraction that is honest legitimate and deep many times and as little as 20 minutes okay.

F test show is actually not 20 minutes it's 15. But. I give us a little. I give it five minute buffer.

I know it's takes a long time. But hey now keep in mind that it can be as quick depending on the environment and the context as quick as 15 minutes or you can spend all night exploring one another on multiple levels simultaneously you can create deep connection gentlemen you can learn to connect and and validate a woman the likes of which she has never dreamed ladies you can hook. The guy you want and have him in love with with you literally by the end of the night you can make such an impression on him that without sleeping with him he's all you can think you're all he can think about would that be useful well if not we'll just call it a night all right. Write this down put three bullet points on your notes.

Next to those three bullet points here's what. I want you to write location occasion location. SL occasion bullet number two career. SL passion bullet number three childhood memories childhood remember in any interaction especially with people we don't know we don't walk up and say hey baby how you doing right.

We don't go all. Vegas and lario on them right. How many women know when a guy is hitting on them okay. Well.

I see some hands that don't go up okay. All right. Usually if they're going hi how you doing that's a hint what we want to do is we want to be able to initiate a conversation doesn't set off all the alarms bells and go here's another guy trying to hit on me now there tends to be sometimes a knee-jerk response. Anyway.

But the kinds of questions you ask have to be ones that are non-invasive non-threatening and open-ended they need to be things that do one of do several things simultaneously remember that everyone you meet is already in trance technical term asleep okay. Everyone you meet is in their head making movies thinking about what they're going to be doing. Next where they're going to go did they leave the stove on does laundry need to be done what they got to they got to drop the the dog off at the pet manic curist whatever they're in their head doing everything. But interacting with the world your attention at any given moment can be one of two places it can be inside or outside in other words you can be out in the world paying attention or you could be in your head making movies and pictures and thinking about everything else.

But what's going on around you right. This is the natural state of 99% of the population okay. They're in their head they're not aware they're not interacting with you even if they're going through the motions they're not driving the bus anybody ever get in your car to go to work wind up at work and not remember how the hell you got there who's driving a car right. That's the normal state of the average human being it's not good for dating it's not good for creating a connection why there's nothing to connect with.

So the. First thing we need to do is we need to get them out of their head and into the world the other thing about being inside your head is you can be in one of two states you can be. Associated or dissociated think of it any play video. Anyway anybody here ever play video games okay.

Anybody here ever see somebody playing a video [Laughter] game you're really testing me today aren't you. God that's all right. Okay. Anybody here know what.

First person's perspective is. Second person. Third person when you make a movie in your head or when you think of something that you really really really enjoy doing and you can make you can make it inside your own head. So you don't have to tell me what it is.

So make it as juicy as you want as you look. At that that picture in your head are you seeing yourself or are you looking at it as if you're looking at it through your own eyes. How about you. Second.

Second one looking at it through your own eyes. Excellent how about you my own how about you. I'm not sure there stupid question. I had a feeling.

I'd get that make a picture in your head of you doing something you enjoy now as you go through the image do you see yourself in the picture or do you see it as if it's actually happening around you no. I see myself in the okay. That's what she's got is dissociation okay. That's most of what we do.

I picked an intense image because. I wanted somebody to pull up an. Associated image usually the more enjoyable an experience is the more. Associated we become the more or or fearful we are of the image unless it's like a phobia the more dissociated we tend to be people who have chronic fear problems are usually not not dissociated from the pictures in their head they're.

Associated. So they're feeling totally without filters if all we do is take them out of the picture and look. At it from a distance the fear diminishes it's just how your nervous system is built okay. Most of the things that give us trouble are just coded in a way that creates that process and we don't realize that we can change the code and.

I have whole class is devoted to that. But for this particular application we need to understand that the optimal state that we want is somebody who is external or outside of their head and associated we want them engaged in the moment with us and we need to do it in a way that doesn't signal the hit he's hitting on me alarms or the creepy alarms. So we want to start to ask and open a dialogue that is not threatening not geared around seduction or attraction or hitting on anybody in any way and the way we do that is we ask an open-ended question that is an opinion about a the location that we're in or the occasion we're there. I had one student um who came to my workshop when.

I taught this about a year two years ago know about a year ago and he came to the workshop and he went went out the. Next night and he likes to go to bars he's a private investigator and he likes to blow off steam and stuff like that. But. I taught him this process and he just walked up to one of the women and he saids hey what are the drink specials tonight he's been dating her ever since right.

How many times do a woman or a guy someone come to you and ask you a simple question like you know how's the how the food here or what do you think of the band or uh what kind of you know um think about all these little just very superficial very chit chatty small talkie type questions that really don't seem very invasive right. They don't set off any whistles they're very nonchalant right. But they give you a window they cause because you're asking an opinion because you're asking them to think about something it forces them to move from outside of their head and into the environment where you can now create interaction right. You don't ask yes.

Or no. Questions because. Then the interaction is done you got to start over again. But simple questions you know um you know what did you think of the game.

Last night. I didn't see it oh well are you a sports fan and now we're off right. Simple question simple interrogative dialogue the other thing you want to do when you start to work with this process is want to remember to do what we call softening we don't want the interaction to sound like an interrogation or a job interview right. So what we do is we soften the questions when.

I say soften the questions what. I mean is we tell the person why we're about to ask them what we're about to ask them. So if. I were to ask you if.

I could walk what's your name again. AA a if. I were to go up to. Ada and say.

So what do you think of the seminar tonight good good oh [ __ ] see that see the little the little backup. I'm curious about something. AA just. So.

I understand you better what was it about tonight that you've really enjoyed. So far um what' you see more importantly what didn't you see right. See. I did exactly the same thing except.

I softened as. I approached that unconscious knee-jerk response is what we call reactant it's it's it's an avoidance of being interacted with without being asked or being asked a question and feeling being put on the defensive this is why a lot of times our conversations break down it's not because of the question. But the way we asked it how many people here have heard of a book. Called double your dating wow okay.

It's actually a pretty good read it's not real hardcore on the seduction field. But it's very popular and it talks about a concept called cocky funny cocky funny means that witty sarcastic kind of humor kind of very. Han soloish. James.

Bond kind of humor that everybody aspires to the problem is is people get. So stressed out and. So afraid when they interact that they become all [ __ ] and no. Fun it really happens because you're stressed out because you're worried about making a um a bad impression those worri in those fears they take the playfulness and the social and the sensory acuity out of your interaction and.

So when you you you try to give us like a a witty remark it comes off as insulting this is why we have to spend a lot more time practicing positive playful moods because if we don't. Then the negativity can sneak in or the the stress can sneak in and undermine our attempts at being funny or humorous that being said um. I'm going to. I'm going to just give a little sidebar real quick when you want to get flirty when you want to get seductive without being creepy there's a notice.

I. Good distin. Very yeah it's extremely important right. First thing relax your jaw the jaw muscle is not is not a muscle that we consciously pay attention to.

But it will creep people out if you smile with a tight jaw she has such good reactions hi how you doing look. At her right. I tense my jaw. I gave her.

I gave her positive eye contact. But. I tensed my jaw and there was a creepiness to it wasn't there right. So the whole idea is we have to practice relaxing that jaw because even though consciously she didn't really know what she was looking for even though.

I pointed it out it still affected her because unconsciously you're always sorting for this information you're always processing this information and it colors your perceptions. Without. You realizing why this is why you get creeped out around certain people and they've done nothing viously wrong unconsciously. You' picked this stuff up oh sorry okay.

So relax the jaw the other thing is is when we approach people anytime we have symmetrical body language and we. Face people headon it's very dominant it's very upright. It's very. Noble it's not flirty watch.

I'm standing. I'm standing pretty symmetrical right. Watch what happen feel what happens in your body when. I go asymmetrical how many you got this funny like goofy quirky energy right.

That playful bratty what's he up to right. Right. All. I did was shift my posture you see women when they get in very seductive poses you look.

At a lot of these uh girly magazines even the guy magazines to a certain degree you don't see them going do you you see this asymmetrical asymmetry signals playfulness it signals eroticism it signals that yeah you know what. I'm talking about right. Whereas this energy doesn't right. There's a reason why when women become attracted even guys to a certain degree when women become attractive they tilt their head okay.

It's a smaller aversion of this you know if. I'm talking what's your name again. Lucy. Lucy if.

I say hi hi. Lucy or. I go. Lucy look.

At her funny you're funny. I'm funny. I think. So exactly do you think.

I'm creepy no. That's right. A little bit creepy. I'm exaggerating.

But. I'm doing it for a reason right. She knows what. I'm doing right.

She's a she sorts by exception. So. I know if there's anything that's out of the kilter she's going to pick it up right. So just that just understanding the difference between symmetrical body language and asymmetry and this was subtle right.

But now you're sensitized to it and you're feeling it these things are going on all the time and they're changing your feelings and they're changing how you perceive people that's why the whole long eye contact from a symmetrical posture like this not. So much [Laughter] right. Sit turn to the person. Next to you look.

Him in the eye and and. Then do the same thing go it doesn't matter get over yourselves it's a test not a contest if you can't do this when you're being trained how you going to do it out in the field you're going to die exactly you're going to go like. I'm doing it and the woman in the room is going is he constipated or does he want to talk to me right. It it moves me involuntarily.

I know. I know welcome to the. Matrix just imagine let you'll know in 10 minutes okay. The.

First thing we want to do is we want to we want to control our state we want to get in that playful mindset we want to sort for positive eye contact we want to talk to people who genuinely want to talk to us and we want to get playful she can't help herself she knows what. I'm going to do no. Because you know what you um you attract that um that. I attract yeah no.

You attract that response because you are. So a smiley. So obviously the person that is uh. Next to you is going to smile and laugh and laugh.

I love you give her a big round of applause she has no. Idea what why. I'm why. I'm thanking her you just validated everything.

I've been teaching for the. Last hour and a half yes. Well you sort of gave the example. But could you explain why asymmetry creates that mhm yes.

Yeah yes. You could okay. Yeah could you do it. Then oh could.

I explain can. I explain why oh okay. Actually. I'm not really sure.

I can only say that. God said. So and she's smarter than me. I don't know.

I'll be honest with you uh is it. Phil. I don't know why that is. Gillian okay.

So when you're sort of again. I'm exaggerating a little bit. But the whole point is you're asmc yes. It forces you to relax and get playful in a position of surrender and approachability you could be right.

Could be again we can come up with all these cool rationals and plausible reasons why this could work. But the bottom line is it works. So use it come up with the your own rationale and your own reasoning for why it works for you yes. I actually have a theory about that uhoh well let's let's move on because if we give me the theory do you guys want to hear us or should we just go on no.

They don't want to hear it okay. Sorry email me email me okay. So we we've gone into a venue or we've walk we've gone into an interaction where there's somebody we want to meet somebody we want to interact with remember an invitation to interact is not an invitation to sex oh damn it there's a few more. ERS no.

Pun intended to the the process right. All right. Ladies especially for you for you because you singal approach does not mean you're inviting somebody to have sex. But.

I want you guys to give yourselves permission that if the interaction moves in that direction and he's passed all the tests don't hold yourself back unnecessarily because. Mommy told you to 30 years ago okay. A lot of the high level female dating. Co dating coaches.

I study and study with show us that a lot of very quality interactions do in fact happen after sex on the. First date okay. Huh nice not exactly. I'll be.

I'll. I'll. I'll. I'll can.

I share something with you guys that's not a brag. But it is a fact that in in in the time when. I was out in the field and. I was doing a lot of dating and.

I was you know researching remember. I didn't teach this stuff for you. I didn't learn this stuff for you. I did it for me the one of the reasons in in 2005.

I was voted one of the top 10 attraction. Experts of the. Year by seduction.com on the art of approaching there sites that are still available online now you can go and research it okay. I was not voted that because of my kill rate or my you know the numbers that.

I scored. So to speak. I achieved that rating a because of my ability to connect with a woman. So fully.

So completely that she would sleep with me on the. First date because she was afraid she would never see me again okay. Now. I don't know anybody who would like to connect with a guy that deeply.

But or who. I with a woman [Music] why because. I got to know her and understand her better than anybody she'd ever known and. I communicated it to her in such a way that she recognized it she felt seen she felt validated and gentlemen a woman will kill for that kind of connection and if you understand how to pay attention to her in that way you will know exactly what to do what to say and how to say it to give her the experience she has always fantasized about and never ever been able to find she'll give you all the information.

I see you. Carlos if you just pay attention ladies you can do the exact same thing you just have to do it in a slightly different order okay. This goes back to biology and social social programming. But it's the same process okay.

Carlos that validated seen heard how many ladies have have said this to their girlfriends he just doesn't get me. I need a guy who gets me right. Does anybody here know who. John gotman is if you don't he's probably.

Next to. Virginia. CER the founder of marriage and family therapy the world's leading expert on relationships if you if you've read a book. Called.

Blink by. Malcolm. Gladwell there's a whole chapter on it dedicated to him he runs an organization called. The.

Love lab and he developed an algorithm a computer algorithm that would successfully predict how rapidly a couple was likely to divorce within 20 minutes of them interacting with about a 93 to 97% accuracy rate what most people don't know is that. John sat back and said hm wait a minute if. I can predict with that degree of accuracy just from the behavioral non-verbal interactions of people how quickly and. How likely a couple is to divorce is there a variable or a set of variables that if that variable is there if it's present the marriage makes it and.

So he started doing more research and he found one if this variable is there pretty much regardless of unless you're going to sign the papers tomorrow. Then maybe not. But if this variable is there it's a two-part variable the marriage makes it you ready if a man can communicate to a woman in such a way that she perceives that he is being influenced by her good intentions the marriage makes it repeat that again. I always get that if a man can communicate to a woman in such a way that she perceives he is being affected by her good intentions the marriage makes it in human terms if she perceives he gets where she's coming from and gives her that understanding notice didn't say anything about obeying the marriage makes it remember 60% of all approaches initiated by 80% of all breakups initiated by who are they breaking up with just an idea okay.

Now here's the cool thing once you understand. A. Woman's. World on in.

General every each of you are unique and precious and special. I get that neurologically when a woman gets stressed out she gets more and more specific she gets more and more detailed. I think the technical word is persnikity when a man gets stressed out his behaviors and the information he sorts for gets more. Global gets more.

General now imagine for a moment he's had a hard day at the office she's had a rough day with the kids and her job and dealing with pool man and everything everything else he comes home she starts talking to him she starts asking more and more specific questions about his day he doesn't want to talk about it what happens right. Let's suppose she had a rough day this is where another guy we screw it up again she's had a rough day he comes home his day been okay. He's not stressed out he's not super tense she starts going off about all the problems she's had right. What do we do guys we start telling her how to fix it and all hell breaks loose why because she doesn't need you to solve her problem she just needs you to stand there and let her vent.

But we don't think that way guys we see a problem we see. Mastadon dead. Mastadon moving on problem solved right. That's how we think it's not how women work they need to vent they need to express they need to let you stand there and be slimed and if you do that 20 30 minutes.

Later after you wash it all off she'll be happy as a clam and you will be the hero till you try to solve her problem because chances are she's already solved it she's more than smart enough to fix her own problems she just needs to get it out. But we don't think that way do we. But there's your problem you need to do this this and this you don't get me it's not that. I'm she go honey.

I'm thirsty oh here's a glass of water no. No. You don't understand. I want you to understand that yes.

I too have been thirsty this is everybody laughing. But the the women are getting this the guy's go what the [ __ ] is he saying when women communicate they share stories. So they can. Bond they don't share stories to solve problems per se ladies true or not true true okay.

When a woman tells you a story she's not asking you to solve a problem she's looking for a way to connect the fastest way to connect here's the technique guys whatever word she uses to describe her feelings to describe her experience when you talk to her use those words you think. I'm lying. I am paid an egregious amount of money to train professional influencers people who go into juries who have to influence judges things like that. I teach them a technique called the echo technique along with three magic questions which is what we're going for the.

Echo technique is very simple the words that come out of a person's mouth that they use to describe an experience are directly and indirectly connected to the building blocks of their identity to the emotional experiences that they're bringing to bear on that situation they have a neurological deep level significance to that person you don't even have to know what they mean by those words if all you do is describe your experiences using their words they will feel validated understood and gotten don't believe me just go out and do it seriously it's that simple back when. I had my my martial arts school in. Florida for those you who don't know. I've been doing martial arts longer than.

I haven't. I have an 8 degree black belt in one art and you. I do a lot of weird esoteric things that actually uh influence how. I teach persuasion and influence.

But one of the things that um. I had a school when. I was in. Florida and this was how.

I signed up and got most of my clients to come in and book. Lessons it would go something like this ring ring hello this is. David from corl. Springs martial arts academy how can.

I help you today hi my name is. Bernice. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 8-year-old son hi. Bernice.

So let me get this straight you're you're looking for karate lessons for your 8-year-old son yeah great well tell me more about what's your son's name that's. Bobby well tell me more a little bit about. Bobby what's going on what's important about karate lessons for your 8-year-old son well you know he's he's he's not the biggest kid in his class he's kind of started school a little little early and he's getting picked on a lot we think he could use a little bit more. Focus oh.

I see. So he started school when he was a little bit younger than the rest and he's a little bit smaller than everybody else and he's getting picked on a little bit he goes yeah well that's great. Bernice listen here's what we got we have uh we have a program that's specifically designed for kids in your in in. Bobby's age range is for 8 to 10 years old it meets three days a week um we're giving a fre private three lesson three free lessons and and a uniform and it's specifically designed to to help people who might be a little smaller getting picked on and give them a little bit more.

Focus. So that they can can compensate for not you know maybe being the biggest or the smartest starting at a different time we have uh two two appointments available we have one uh. Thursday at 5:30 and one uh. Thursday at 6:30 which would be easier for you uh.

I think one at 6:30 would be best great. I'll pencil you in we'll call you. Then women hell no. No.

No. No. We're we're into the by gender stuff now guys okay. The bottom line is is the words that come out of a person's mouth are native to their internal code their map of the world we keep talking we kept talking about at the beginning of this uh this seminar it all goes back to that everything that comes out of your mouth is a direct representation of the structure of how you think it's connected to the most fundamental.

Primal levels of your being. I.E your identity. And the emotions connected to those those values we call them values and criteria okay. Your values are the building blocks of your identity they're the feeling.

States and the words that you use to define what's acceptable and what's not acceptable what's ideal and what's not ideal in your life along with that value or that word is a set of rules by which people understand they're getting what they want for instance if we have a conversation what's your name again a a if. I'm having a conversation with a and we're talking about about fruit she says she's hungry for some fruit right. And. I go and.

I grab an orange and. I bring her an orange she go. I don't want that what do you mean you want you say you want your fruit no. I said.

I want an apple right. Got the word that was the value right. But she had an apple. I brought her an orange she didn't get what she wanted even though.

I tried to give it give her what she wanted why because the rule by which she recognized she was getting it is different from the label we use to describe it that make sense now if. I were to bring her the apple and she ate the apple she would feel what if you were hungry for an apple and. I gave you an apple how would you feel satisfied satisfied validated happy when you give people their label. But you mismatch their rules they feel unheard they feel like you haven't really gotten it in spite of your best efforts two people are in a relationship they have the shared value of respect and they're talking they get in a fight one day.

But one's person's rules for respect are. I know you respect me when you tell me the truth and you tell me like it is regardless of how it might make me feel because. I need to hear that that's how. I know you respect me that's a very man thing by the way beware of a woman who has that because you're going to get a m culated more often than not.

I know. I married one. So. But maybe this other person's definition or rules of respect are.

I know you respect me when you word things in such a way that you know you aren't going to hurt my feelings you say things in a way that. I can get the message. But. I don't you're not going to hurt me now what do you think's going to happen when these two people get into discussion they're going to accuse each other of doing what disrespecting one another right.

Why because because the rules don't match they both have this value that has to be respected of of or respected of being respected right. And yet they're not. So when we start to go into level two questions about this how the hell do you get into this level two questions where we start talking about career passion when. I talk about passion.

I'm not necessarily talking about sensual passion although it could be. I'm talking about what do you love to do what are you passionate about what are you excited about. Okay. The reason.

I put that in there is because this protocol. I'm teaching you was originally designed for women to be used on men okay. It was specifically designed to help women sort the good ones from the bad ones fast without going through six weeks of dating okay. 15 minutes of conversation six weeks of dating h right.

Level two question career hope. I spelled that right. Passion we focus on. Career because in the.

United. States in most westernized countries this is pretty much as true for women now as it was as it was for men in. America you are what you do when you ask somebody what they do for a living they don't say. I do accounting they don't say.

I do computer programming they don't say. I manage an office they say. I am an accountant. I am a computer programmer.

I am an office manager those are identity statements on a neural linguistic level what they do is equivalent it's an what we call complex equivalence to who they are how they see themselves this is why many times when a person in a in a relationship loses their job the relationship goes to [ __ ] because that person doesn't know who they are anymore and they go into all kinds of weird behaviors and weird things right. The other part where we start to ident where we start to become identified is with our mates that's the other one that's where women kind of sew their own downfall in if they're in a relationship they don't realize it and guys if they understood it they would actually know how to change what they do. So the relationship would make it. But if we have time we'll get into that what a person does is equivalent to who they are in their own mind if they love what they do there's a lot of status with what they do that they will move through the world like a person of status more often than not when it goes away.

So it does their identity. So it do their self-esteem when you get somebody to talk about themselves they will talk to you for hours and think you're the most brilliant conversationalist on the planet and you don't have to say a freaking word okay. How many people have been on a date and not known how to carry on a conversation or how to keep the conversation going gentlemen how many times ladies let me ask you this how many times you been on a date with somebody and he won't shut up about himself right. And by the end of the day by the end of the night he's convinced he's completely in love with you and you can't wait to get away right.

Because he didn't get it the whole idea is to get the person you seek to attract to talk about themselves to you women intuitively understand this which is why they go on. So many. First dates and never call back or go on the. Next one because the guy didn't get it if you want somebody to become attracted to you here it is get them to see the parts they love most about themselves in you a person can't talk about the things that are most emotionally relevant to themselves without unconsciously automatically linking it to the what they're paying attention to okay.

If. I'm talking to you about my values if. I'm talking to you about the things that are important to me. I'm going to experience a rush of pleasure.

I'm going to get excited. I'm going to want to tell you more the longer. I talk the better you look. It's literally that true okay.

While. I'm doing it. I'm going to be giving you all kinds of information about my my world about how. I see it how my position in it what's important to me on a values level it's going to come out in the words.

I use to describe my experiences it's going to come out in the kinds of experiences and the kind of answers. I give you to those questions. So for instance if we if we've initiated a conversation we've gone through the superficial level. I've asked you a few opinions we've got a little bit of banter going on.

I might say my name's. David what's your name. John hi. John it's great to meet you thanks for all your information.

I'm curious what do you do man. I'm a pizza delivery driver pizza delivery driver that's awesome how did you get into that just wake up one day and decide to deliver pizzas or my friend got me the job oh cool. So what what do you love about what you do um meet lots of interesting people lots of interesting people is like what is what's your longrange goal what do you really want you want to deliver pizzas all your life you want to own the chain what's up no. I'd like to finish school and become an economist own my own company e that's wow that's that's a lofty goal man what made you what inspired you to do that.

I'm just really interested interested in it cool now. John is very he he doesn't mince words very much. But the whole idea is every time. I talked about what you couldn't see is every time.

I talked to him and. I asked him about what he did his pupil's dilated okay. That's a yes. Have some response anytime you talk to somebody and their people start to get bigger one of two things is going on they're either terrified in which case you look.

At the ground and see if there's a puddle or they're attracted which case no. I'm not even going to go there somebody went there for me. I see. But the bottom line is.

I call it the pupil dance when people are attracted to you when they like what they see whether it's something physical like a person or their paycheck their pupils will literally get larger seriously anything that we like we we our our pupils dilate. So we can see more of it when we're terrified like fleeing terrified our pupil's dilate. So we can see danger more. So we can get away from it better right.

So if you're interacting with a woman and her pupils get bigger and bigger and bigger and she's not screaming for the bouncer needing you in the nards chances are she's probably into you go ladies same thing if you can see their eyes. They're not doing this right. The more their pupils get big sorry the more the bigger their pupils get the more attracted to you they become it's that simple okay. Not going to get into all the variations of pupil dilation.

But these are things that you can actively look. For the the most important part is when you start interacting you look. At their people as soon as you start to interact and. Then as the conversation continues you'll notice the people's getting bigger or smaller as you move back and forth through positive or not.

So positive or towards things they enjoy and what happens is as a byproduct of that is you're holding their eyes. Longer. But in a non-creepy way eye contact studies show that the longer you hold positive eye contact with somebody the more aroused and attracted to you they become that's neurology that's. Neuroscience other than cocktails enter well that's just inhibition.

R lowering. I don't do anything. I do none of the stuff when. I was back in the field you involved alcohol.

I. I don't drink. I mean it's well. I.

Like. Cocaine. But only the smell. But actually.

I'm not. I'm not. I don't need. I.

I'm a neural linguistic programmer. I don't need drugs you think. I'm kidding anybody here ever been under the influence anybody here honest. I have a different you know we'll go into that another time we have this this cool little technique in.

NLP called drug of choice where using the power of. NLP and hypnosis we can bring back any substance induced. State you've ever experienced without the need of the substance what's an huh what is an out neurolinguistic programming it's a very advanced form of communication based on how the nervous system codes subjective experience. Richard bandler likes the founder of.

NLP likes to call the study of of superior thinking okay. But bottom line is is that everything that we do everything we experience has a process and a structure. I.E there's a code that our nervous system uses to make it happen if we understand how that code works we gain the ability to change the code and when you change your code you change your life gives you more freedom more control more choice about who to who you want how you want to feel and who you want to be a lot of what. I'm teaching you is derived through the use of neurolinguistic programm and other disciplines as well social psychology.

Neuroscience. U marriage and family therapy intense field work okay. Somebody keeps laughing you keep. I say intense field she goes.

I know what you're thinking. I hear this sorry that was a different class. I did a a two-day workshop on self- hypnosis and self transformation over the weekend and one of the running jokes was you know making these very. Vivid sensual images and just kep doing this weird porn star 70s porn music as an anchor.

I mean anybody know when. I say anchor do you know what that means okay. Everybody here have a favorite song. Because.

I'm. Happy welcome to the world of anchors. I give a song it triggers a a memory that memory triggers a feeling you go into the feeling that's an anchor we're doing it all the time okay. You say there is a way to make a person feel in one way or the other without matching that person oh yeah lots of ways to do stuff it's just we have to give we have to um transmit and and give you exposure to things in a way that you're willing to accept some of the things that.

I do and that. I teach people to do border on like. Jedi. Mind stuff okay.

And if. I started to tell you about it you would think hey. I'm either the biggest psychotic on the planet or. I'm a big [ __ ] liar because a lot of what.

I teach and what. I do and and and how. I. I give things to people is.

So far outside of what you might consider possible that you're just not willing to go there. So. I give you stuff that you can start applying right. Away can anybody here not walk up to somebody.

Anyway for can anybody here not stand or remember what it felt like to feel connected to somebody can anybody not remember that okay. Can anybody not remember to stand that way and let the feeling come back can anybody remember how to not to look. Somebody in the eye and see if they actually want to talk to you or or interact with you very small very actionable steps right. Things that you can do can anybody not walk up somebody say hi.

I'm curious what brought you here today or you know what do you think about. X. I do this all the time in. Starbucks right.

Right. I used to um. I don't want to get. I don't get super far off.

F. I want to get through the three magic questions if. I have time. I want to talk to you about the mating dance.

I may pull. Amanda up here again just to go through it um just because it's fun and it's something you all need to understand right. Through most of the mating dance which is a body language. Silo the woman is leading the dance except at two key points at those key points there's something there one thing a man has to do if he does it he go it's like the video game he goes to the bonus round right.

If he misses it he goes back to the beginning and she goes loser right. And every time. I teach it. I.

I reach a certain point. I start to question the guys in the audience and they always get it wrong. So just put it out there when we talk to people about what they're passionate about and and when. I say three magic questions.

I want you to understand something it's a code it's a code for categories of question you want to come up with as many different ways to ask opinions about things in the environment or the reason somebody's there as possible in a way that they flesh out they don't give you a yes. Or no. Clue does that make sense all right. When you go to this level you ask them what they do and you ask oh you repeat their words back to them they say.

I deliver pizza on a pizza delivery guys oh a pizza delivery guy the moment. I said that he's like yeah what' you feel when. I said that good good stupid he delivers pizzas. I said you deliver pizzas he goes yeah it sounds ridiculous.

But it's exactly the way everyone in this room works. I was hired to go out to uh. Israel two years ago to uh do some trainings for. Essence security it's techn technology company now you have seen a tough audience do.

You' been in a room full of. Israelis. I love them they're great people. I do.

But they're tough they're they got to be right. They're they're very warm loving genuine people. But they're tough and. I'm teaching them the echo technique and.

I have a guy sitting like right. There right. Where you are and he's one of the. R&D guys.

I had to present to the. VP the vice presidents. I had to teach the marketing people and. I had to teach the the.

R&D people which is just a bunch of professional. Smart. Guys and ironically the marketers and the and the vice and the uh the. R&D people weren't getting along go figure okay.

So one of the. R&D guys is sitting here and. I'm telling them about the echo technique and. I'm telling them just give their words back to them and they go.

I do not believe that will work. I said you don't believe it'll work he goes no. I do not believe it'll work why do you think that won't work and he goes well because we're just and. I go blah blah right.

And. I go back and forth just giving his words back and he's getting more and more into it he's just getting excited and doing this and doing that people are not that stupid. So you don't think people are that stupid no. I don't no.

You don't right. I get it and his friends are looking. I'm going and about five minutes into the interaction. I looked at him and.

I said have you realized yet that. I'm just repeating your words back to you now do you ever see. Bugs. Bunny or like where the guy's like all of a sudden he's been given like this overdose of hot sauce and you see the red just kind of going up that was my friend and he looks at me and he looks at his friends are going and he goes are we really.

So stupid. I said you're not stupid you're just self selfish and. I meant that from a good place every one of us is looking for our soulmate the person who completes us even the guys they just won't be sappy about it you it's. I get that a lot.

However what completes us is what matches us it's not opposites. ATT track they do they don't stick they don't stick you need to be enough like the person you want to attract to be familiar and enticing and different enough to be exciting without being scary or that they can't are. So different that they can't relate to you all human endeavor is a quest for connection and control in one degree or another the fastest way to connect with any human being on the planet is to mirror their words back to them even if they know you're doing it after two or three times they won't care there's a myth that's perpetuated by a lot of. NLP trainers that if if you're in.

NP use a lot of techniques for getting rapport with people for getting that connection. So to speak. But there's a myth floating around there that if somebody knows that you're doing these. Rapport techniques that as you do them and they know you're doing them it'll break.

Rapport not if you hold the frame not if you're authentic and honest about what you're doing and own it you'll just overwrite their frame and they won't care after a couple of minutes and if they do care that much they're not the right. Person for you to be around problem solved yeah. I would take a moment to to validate that for you because. I was in a relationship with with a fights boarded on murder.

MH and she just started doing that to me when. I was telling her what a wretched person she was she repeat. I. I'm a wretched person yeah and at.

First. I said you're mocking me you're mocking me. But it brought me down yeah and and. Then she would get into this hysterical state to where.

I thought literally there's no. Way out of this. So. I tried it on her and it.

I'm it worked. I could even be mocking her at work yeah we that formulated we that coded yeah one of my yeah thank you for that story one of my mentors a guy by the name of. Kendrick. Cleveland who you can.

Google he's all over he's like he's forgotten more about persuading people and most of us will ever know he tell he used to sell memberships in a gym back when he was you know before he became this persuasion grw. But he was learning. NLP and uh. I usually tell this story in my persuasion influence class.

But. I'll tell it here because it's really kind of right. Along the lines of what you're doing and he says uh he he was working the front counter and you know if you ever been to them the old health clubs you had to show your membership card and swipe it before you could they' let you go in. So he was working the front desk and one day this huge steroid professional bodybuilder comes storming out of the men he goes.

God damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room and. Krick who's not a small person either kind of looks at him and goes oh boy and he's thinking how do. I get out of this how do.

I get out of this and. Then he goes imch him and he looks me goes. God damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room you are a paying customer you deserve to have toilet paper the men room.

I will not stand for this somebody's going to hear about no. Toilet paper in the men's room guy goes wait hold on minut. Cal down and they de escalated the scene and. But wait there's more cuz.

Phil wants to chime in okay. Couple of days. Later. KS at the front gate another bodybuilder comes in he didn't have his card and.

Krick says. I'm sorry man the rules are the rules. I. I can't let you in and the guy goes off the deep end and he reaches across and he grabs.

Kenrick and kenrick's like and. Then like the hand of. God this big bigger arm than the one that grabbed. Krick comes out of nowhere and grabs the other bodybuilder he goes.

That's my friend guy goes he's your friend you're going to leave him alone. I'm going to leave him alone okay. It seems because you're not in the experience because you're watching it from outside it seems contrived it seems like it just couldn't possibly work it does over and over and over again we need to hear our words coming back to us when we look. At somebody we want to see the parts of them that are most like us and when you can mirror that back to them they will fall in love with you not just romantically.

But spiritually because when you talk to them and you talk to them in their words and you mirror back to them those feeling. States every time you do their emotions come up and they're looking at you when the feelings come up and they're the feelings that you want people to have when they look. At you. But they're also telling you a lot about how they move through the world.

So on one side you're getting the keys to unlock their heart that's a tremendous power to have over another un being use it wisely at the same time when they ask question when you ask questions the quality of the answers that they give you will tell you if you want to be want them to be part of your life one part of the equation gives you the ability to make them that the other side of the equation gives the ability to decide if you want it if you ask somebody about their job they say. I'm curious what do you do for a living. Bob. Bob says.

I'm a. I'm a marketing consultant really do you have your own company. I yeah started my own company about 10 years ago and uh. I got this this passion to learn about marketing and how to make money and.

I've just jumped in with both feet. I and. I never looked back and it's been going great ever since really is that where do you see yourself going in five years where do do you do you see yourself you know having more offices what's what's that look. Like for you well.

I'm thinking about you know hiring a few more people training them up and and putting them out there in other locations and working on a and he goes into all these possibilities for himself. But he's told you right. Off the bat what kind of a person he is how he moves through the world what are his senses of possibility if you met somebody like that how would you feel about him would you want to maybe hang out with them a little bit more. But let's say.

Bob what do you do for living well. I uh. I work for a marketing firm. I got how did you oh really you work for marketing firm how did you get into that well my uncle owned the company compy and he hired me and uh you know.

I've been there about 10 years and it's okay. You know. I really what where do you see yourself in 5 years well you know uh hopefully when my uncle passes away he'll you know. I'll move up and once.

I get out of rehab um you know. I'll. Finally be able to move out of my mom's basement and. I think things will be [Music] good sound like a fun guy you better go have some money now.

I make a joke. But ladies how many times have you asked somebody what they do for a living and gotten that right. Here's the ironic part when you engage in the three magic questions protocol you will gain tremendous tremendous influence in their world they will unconsciously connect to you. But you have to decide guys is the same for you you have to decide if there's someone you want to be connected with and you have to be a little bit mercenary about it because you will go into trans too you will start to be feel invested in the relationship and you may walk away from the.

Practical move which is. Next and. Then transition into the level three questions where you really set the hook. Level two is where we generate attraction level two is where we begin to find out what are the the building blocks of their identity.

And the emotions connected to it. So that we can use their words to link them to us and put our inject ourselves into their identity make them feel validated understood and approved which is what every guy wants okay. It also tells us warning. Will.

Robinson warning danger danger eject now right. Now would be the time to hit the emergency bailout button on your cell phone you ladies know what. I'm talking about right. Where you get the call from your roommate telling you to come home immediately cuz the parakeet's having an existential crisis 20 minutes you can do that.

But let's say he's passed the test you've gotten his words or her words now you want to close the deal when. I say close. I'm not necessarily meaning sex. I'm talking about making sure there's a.

Second date making sure that there's a call back or whatever you want to maybe even go a little deeper the. Next question. I noce. I said past or childhood the exact question is tell [Music] me childhood by the way how do people fall in love how do we do it love has a structure you know it has to be a spontaneous does it you cannot why are you here you didn't come here to make spontan think something spontaneous you may need to make it predictable and automatic true or true or not true okay.

Honest people who who want to have more control over your dating life you don't want to have more control over your dating life oh or you just want to happen spontaneously. I like to get you know what whatever you want remember all. I'm doing is showing you a system a set of techniques. I'm not a romance cop okay.

Use if if if what. I say to you resonates with you and you feel okay. About it use it go for it just tell them where you got it not the person you're using it on until long after. Then it won't matter okay.

If it doesn't resonate don't use it use this process in complete complete accordance with your own sense of personal ethics of right. And wrong there are people who listen to the things. I say and they run screaming which by the way tells you something about you that you need to look. Into just saying because.

I deal with that crap all the time. I can tell you that 90% of the women. I deal with are victims of some form of sexual abuse okay. They come in to learn how to do a back flip better.

I regress them to the. First scen situation or event that has everything to do with why they're there the presenting problem was to do a backflip better they're 11 years old getting molested by their. Uncle okay. And that's the nice ones you some of them okay.

I. I spend a lot of time setting women free okay. I'm on your side one of the ways. I do that is by creating better men okay.

Take that for what it's worth now tell me about your childhood who were your friends what did you play at actually tell me about where you grew up who are your friends what did you play at sp sp spend it's not about you. Carlos tell me about where you grew up who were your friends what did you play now. I'm going to give you a secret which most of you already know. But.

I'm going to make it explicit have you ever had a conversation or a relationship with somebody that was just effortless it's like you you you connected with this person and for the and it felt like you had known them your whole life like they just finished your conversations and it's like you've been together for years even though may it only been an hour or a few minutes or whatever welcome to the structure of. Love structure of love happens with shared emotional experiences. Through. Time shared emotional experiences through time remember something all emotional states are trans.

States all the trans is is a combination of two factors or two variables absorption and focus anybody here ever a little child anybody here ever a little child a little kid little yeah little kid have you ever been a little kid. I am. I am it's not a hard question how many people all right. If you have ever been a small child raise your hands if you're not sure raise both hands obviously we have people who can't listen okay.

When you were little children when you were a little child how many people here played pretend what did you play at little lady te tea did you play by yourself or did you have imaginary friends all of the above all of the above how about you what' you play at secret agent secret agent cool how about you yes. GI. Jo all right. How about you no.

Freaking clue okay. How about you horses horses you played horses played with horses you played with horses and did the horses talk to each other no. No. Did you talk to the horses did they answer back um yeah yeah are you asleep say no.

Say no. Were you hypnotized no. Were you completely absorbed in the experience were you focused congratulations you are in trance that's all hypnosis is is any process that takes you from one state of mind to another with a change in absorption and focus all emotional states are just that combinations of absorption and focus the more absorbed you become the more focused you become the deeper and trans you go how many people here when. I asked have you ever been a little kid flashback to a memory when you were a little kid was it a pleasant memory how you guys feeling right.

Now feel pretty freaking good don't you who are you looking at when you felt that [Laughter] way in. NLP in hypnosis we have a saying we have a proverb anything that presupposes a trance causes a trance all memories are transes every time. I ask you to go into your head and find a memory or an experience you're literally changing your your your level of absorption and focus you're also changing the direction. I don't need to go look.

At my watch that's a very wimpy trance best trans is are emotional transes best transes are feeling transes because they feel good right. Now weird things happen when you go into trance your sense of time changes kind of like when you're talking to somebody and all of a sudden that connection hits and it feels like you you've known them your whole life even though it might have only been a few minutes and you remember what that feels like absolutely and you remember what that feels like how many of you other people are going as. I'm talking to her and following along in trance okay. You cannot have somebody go back and remember and experience and describe it to you without them going back into that state that they were in now the most powerful foundational drivers of our personality and behavior the things that are most important to us happened during childhood in a hypnosis terms we would call call that pseudo orientation in time.

AKA time. Distortion or if you want to get really classical hypnosis age regression when you have gone through this process the way. I've taught you what will happen is you will start from a very superficial non-invasive level of interaction that's safe doesn't set off any bells or whistles you will transition into something where people actually create profound connection you get to find out what the building blocks of that person's identity are what's most important to them in a way that they know that you can give it to them you'll find out how they move through the world and if they're part if they have a life that you want to be part of. Then you have a decision to make are you ready to set the hook.

Are you ready to make sure that this person is 100% in your. Camp you better be sure because when you start bringing up this information they will go back into those memories they will bring back those. States and the longer they talk about it the more they will link those feelings to you and the more you will inject your self into those memories unconsciously and they will feel like they've known you their whole life say that again say that again no. And they will feel like they've known you their whole life yes.

You don't have to do anything other than let them talk about it. But here's the key through the whole experience pay attention to the words that they use the phrases that they emphasize and most importantly when you talk about your experiences use their words that's it avoid becoming self-absorbed now remember something the harder you have to work to get into a relationship the harder you have to work to maintain it. So the smart way to do this process is to do a values inventory of the people you're interacting with and make sure they match right. If he starts talking about the things that are important to him and they create a visceral less than you know something where you have to actually distort how you perceive reality a lot to make it fit keep in mind you may have to keep that kind of modification throughout the whole relationship in order to maintain the quality of the relationship.

So one of the things we want to sort for is how close are they how much how much do. I have to tweak who. I am and what. I do to match it okay.

That make sense yes. Okay. This process has actually been used successfully on me several times in my life and you be i' become really as you would say very lost in love several times with people who ended up being very [ __ ] up people yes. So uh that requires you just made me aware.

I mean it's sort of liberating in a way to see that this was just basically a a process. I'm not. I'm not a little bit interested in how to counter become aware of it you just did it you're right. But it was played masterfully up to a point well it was it played masterfully or was just something you didn't know to look.

For that's that's a good question bottom line what's your name. David. David. I like you already here's the thing guys it's it's not about how master you were played all right.

If you don't understand this process if you're not aware of this level of communication and interaction you have no. Way to know. I can be very blatant like really rough with this stuff and it'll still work you may not be able to now you guys are sensitized to it. But in in the out in the regular.

World nobody knows what you're doing they have no. Idea there's a system that you're following or a protocol you can be very rough with it and still pull it off because it's just just about. States it's just about there people are are droning through the world asleep your problem won't be getting people into trans your problem will be getting them out most people are moving through the world in. States and transes that are just not useful that's why they're stuck my job as a hypnotist is not putting people to sleep it's waking them up okay.

But that's the process okay. Yes. I had a question about the childhood part um if you were to ask a question um you know to enter into this level of relating um and something that's like triggered like a negative beautiful question. I was hoping somebody would ask because normally.

I have to bring it up myself if remember one of the problem things that you have to do is you have to ask questions and get the responses you want if you like going back to level two questions if. I ask the guy about his relationship about his work and his possibilities and he starts. I'm asking a positive question what inspired you and. I'm getting less than positive responses or completely opposite direction that's telling me right.

Away what kind of life he lead if you ask somebody to tell you about where they grew up who are their friends what did you like to do what did you play at and they start talking about how their daddies take him out behind the. Woodshed and beat him with a broom you have to make a decision most of you will make the wrong one most of you will try to fix it most of you will try most of you will look. Will sort for the one with potential and try to fix it and you'll spend the rest of your life trying to fix somebody who doesn't want to be fixed or if you do manage to fix them you will rapidly lose interest in them and move on. Anyway here's where that [ __ ] up part came in the [ __ ] up part technical term [ __ ] up okay.

Because the a person is not inclined to expose that when they're trying to attract you. But once you're comfortably ins sconed in a relationship with them that stuff becomes prominent now now you're hooked into a person that attracted you this way and you're aware this is now very deep anchor in your system and suddenly this is where the person feels comfortable enough to show you who they really are okay. Down the line and. I guess.

I guess all you're saying is now you got to break that spell yes. Choice to answer that question right. Everyone has challenges in their childhood either you choose to bring up the challenging part or the positive part and again that tells you about them right. And this is the bottom line remember this isn't just about attracting somebody or generating attraction it's about sorting them it's about understanding their world because how they people have done things in the past is a direct indicator of what they will do in the future regardless of the context.

I used to have. I used to be. Al. Bundy you guys know who.

Al. Bundy is. I worked for three different shoe stores. I.

I was the top salesman each time do you know what. I did. I sold people what they already bought every time a woman would walk in come over and look. At the pumps.

First thing. I do look. At what she had on her feet and it didn't matter if she was wearing tennis shoes. I'd walk in.

I'd look. At what she had on her feet she'd walk over she say can. I see this pump this pink pump in a size seven. I'd say size seven coming up.

I'd walk back. I'd grabb the the pink pump and a size seven a pair of the latest model of tennis shoes that was closest to what she had on her feet guess what they [Laughter] bought what's specifically about the values inventory thing do you want to know um well because if you have like several suitors and you're trying to sort them out really where you want to put you know that energy towards. Then what's what kind of. Valu should you share is it just more values or well the more values you share and the more rules you share the the more your prospects are for long term.

But now if you share a lot of values. But there's no. Chemistry there's no. Sexually he's as boring as toast uh.

Then you got a whole different set of issues right. So there's you got to make sure that you put that vibe in there that sensual vibe in there. So can that be fixed yes. Everything can be fixed the question is do you want to be the therapist.

I know. But that no. Chemistry thing. I.

I always wonder if that can come with time or not it can a lot of anything have the answer again it really depends on how much time energy and effort you want to invest shouldn't be that hard again if you understand how to match somebody's maps and processes yeah. I regularly used to teach non-orgasmic women how to have massive multiple orgasms easy you can all do it even with your clothes on okay. Guys same thing don't think. I can get you [Laughter] either okay.

I have a. I live in a great world you know. But. Anyway bottom line is is when you sort for values you you want to sort for shared experiences things that are analoges to your life.

But in that process don't let yourself put the critical factor completely on hold if they start telling you about all these wonderful things how their relationships start and. Then they start lapsing into how they end pay very close attention to that because that's going to tell you exactly what's going to happen in your relationship if you don't pay attention and you just drone through the the process okay. Um we're we're coming on the close of our evening and. I promised you.

I'd have you guys out of here by uh by 9:30. I lied seven step dance yeah we need ladies pass out the forms there are seven stages yes. Um are we clear on the three magic questions though okay. And trust me you can get infinitely more sophisticated with this.

But that's yes. Gillian. So. I is.

First time everybody in the initial dating stages everybody always put their best foot forward are you really this this they it'll fly right. Under their radar they'll come out with it because the minute they start talking about themselves their defenses go down they don't realize the structure of what they're telling you is what you're sorting for not the story you're looking at when you start parsing that information you're looking for keywords that have a unique impact on their nervous system and you're looking at the direction of their life not the story and the rationalization and if you've been to my lie detection. Meetup the minute they try to change the story those behaviors will jump out at you the in conru especially if you're a woman doing this with a man the incongruities will jump out at you left and right. So guys when you can fake absolute sincerity you got it na you want yeah all right.

Uh those of you who don't know. I. I. I.

I do see clients both for physical illness as well as emotional reasons. I do these uh small intensives on special topics. I also run a monthly mentoring program it's a skill building program it's not a certification track it meets the. Third.

Saturday of every month usually here um the. Next one is scheduled to meet. May 17th it is a. PID group it's not free and the way it works is you come in on that day and.

I literally go. Amanda it's. Amanda right. Yes.

What do you want to learn today and she'll give me a list of things she wants to work on for her life to make her life better and. I'll say. David what do you want to learn today and he'll say. I want to do this this this and this.

I want to be better at this this and this. I say. John what do you want to learn today he's been to some of them. So he's a good person to question about it what's your name.

Maurice. Maurice and. I'll say. Maurice what do you want to learn and.

I'll go through every single person in the room and. I'll take what you want to learn and what you want to take home and. I'll write it on the board and. I'll find all the.

Connecting. Threads and. I will create the lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next 4 hours.

I will drill you on those skills until you own them. No. Holds. Barred no.

Topics off the books long as. I know how to do it. I will teach you and even if. I don't know how to do it.

I'll figure it out and teach you. Anyway okay. Um normally that program comes out to roughly $200 a month and which means basically 2400 a year. But it's not like a contract in this case it be month sum be 200 bucks and you would get basically a 36 hours of personal group training with me on anything you want okay.

Um for those of you who want to try it out 1,00 bucks gets you the whole year and you can write your own ticket what kind pick something pick something what do you want to learn what do you what you do what do you want to do better. I can do that do that yeah as long as you can have somebody who can teach you the physical skills. I can teach you how to model them and make them better okay. Now that's a really way out there one.

But it. Sports it's performance enhancement okay. I do that kind of work. I'm a martial artist.

I actually one of the reasons. I got into the into hypnosis was to get better at martial arts they they used to nickname me the video. Sensei because. I could literally take a video watch it for a few hours and go back to the dojo and reproduce the skill okay.

It's a it's a process they tried to model. I wouldn't give it to. I. I looked into it by accident and when.

I learned. NLP. I found out how to do it deliberately. But that's an extreme example.

But most of what. I do centers around some form of persuasion and influence clearing out your crap removing blocks becoming better at whatever you want okay. That's a very. Global very long-term thing some of you guys that's too big a nut it's too big a chunk it's too much of a commitment.

I get it what you got in your hands though is something that's a little bit more relevant to what we've done tonight. March or. May 23rd 24 24th and 2th we're going to do an extension of this class it's called. The.

Real. World. Romance attraction amplifier weekend intensive this is a course where. I take what you've learned tonight and.

I put it on steroids. I will teach you about status. I will teach you about validation. I will teach you how to generate.

Unstoppable attraction in people both verbally and non-verbally. I'll teach you how to be the most fascinating person in any room and in any person's life um we'll talk about how to why you know how to we'll get over we talk about those blocks that keep holding you back get rid of them okay. You want to know how to go up and and really start to make everything you say absolutely compelling and attractive and just create that absorption and focus that makes people want to listen to you. I'll show you how to do that okay.

Um. I'll show you the let me just read this. So. I don't have to do it off from memory how to program your own mind in just minutes a day to zero in on successful situations goals and events that you want and automatically create the behaviors that result in you actually getting it remember everything human beings do has a code it has a process once you understand your code you gain the ability to change it okay.

Tremendous tremendous power here. I'm going to teach you something that. I don't have time to teach you tonight there are seven personality traits that people you ever meet somebody who's just ridiculously lucky like if money would a safe would fall out of the sky it would fall on your car open and the money would fall on this guy [Music] don't you hate those [ __ ] right. Psychologists decided to study lucky people and they found out something it wasn't metaphysical there were seven key personality and behavioral traits that all.

Lucky people have and if you adopt those traits you will start generating more and more opportunities and success on multiple levels of your life simultaneously and the attraction amplifier weekend is not just about physical attraction it's about the law of attraction. I'm going to show you what these traits are and how to wire them in using. NLP hypnosis and the code now normally to do this training. I would charge at least 1,297 bucks anybody who wants to come in for this two days you will be my little puppies okay.

And. I promise you will not leave the same person you came in with you came in this if you want to jump in tonight 197 bucks. But wait there's more gotcha anybody who really jumps on it there back there's a stack of. DVDs that was from the very.

First self hypnosis self-mastery supercharger it's all about removing your blocks removing your limitations how to do self hypnosis how to create powerful uh hypnotic imagery that changes you from the inside out a lot of the things that we're going to be teaching for attraction purposes are on those. DVDs for anybody who wants to jump in tonight. I will include the. ENT the two.

DVD set absolutely free. I normally sell that for 197 bucks just for the. DVDs yours free and. I'll give you the whole package tonight if you sign up before you leave tonight see that lovely young lady who drew the hearts earlier 197 bucks okay.

That's pretty cool. But now. I got more some of you when you came in. I started telling you.

I talked to you about the stress survey you have and. I said if you filled it out and turned it in you would each get a 30-minute consultation free with me normally to walk in my door is anywhere from $175 to $350 an hour anybody who fills out the stress survey and turns it into my lovely office manager. Manning the camera candy uh you'll get 30- minute consultation with me new clients only please if you've already had a couple of consultations please uh. I have people that like potato chips they just can't stop touching it right.

We can always have one. But just turn it in candy and she'll get you on the schedule and our people will call you and uh we'll get you rocking and roll. I don't promise to necessarily fix your problem. But.

I will tell you how to go about it right. So you get 30 minutes of my time for whatever you want you got a physical problem we'll talk about it you got an emotional problem we'll talk about it you got a strategy problem the skill you need to learn we'll talk about it everybody have fun. I'm going to hang out until 10:00 20 after as. I sit down.

I'll be happy to answer any questions people have in the meantime please eat all the candy back there. I do not want to take it home. But. I do teach.

I do do weight loss. So if you gain if you eat too much go play thanks a lot hope you had a good time.
