Title: Mind Control Skills: Unlock the Secrets to Confidence, Happiness, and Fearless Living
File Name: a_jZW0hVqVE.txt
Video Id: a_jZW0hVqVE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_jZW0hVqVE

My name is. David. Snider welcome to. NLP power.

SL. NLP today. SL all things. San.

Diego tonight's. Meetup is called secrets of personal transformation it's an introduction to the world according to. David which means. NLP hypnosis energetics a lot of.

Neuroscience social psychology. AKA stuff okay. But tonight's. Meetup isn't about me uh.

I have a. Clinic in salana. Beach uh. I'm a licensed acupuncturist in the of.

California. I'm a certified trainer in neurolinguistic programming under the founder. Dr. Richard bandler.

I'm also a certified raiki healer pronic healer pronic psychotherapist. DNA. Theta healer. I have an 8 degree black belt in the martial arts as well as several other highle rankings in other martial arts including.

Systema uh chiong. I do a lot of weird stuff that's really cool and actually works um. But like. I was alluding to before and my my specialty in the clinic in.

Solon is emotionally in our physical illness that has as its cause repressed emotion. So don't ask me about weight loss don't ask me about quitting smoking because. I get maybe one a year. I get the cool stuff you know people who whose transplanted organs start talking to them or hysterical paralysis or uh we work with a lot of emotional stuff a lot of a lot of physical symptoms that have an emotional basis today's.

Meetup is about you it's about getting helping you get on the road to what you want to discovering how to tap into the amazing mechanism that is your nervous system and learning how to really drive it learning the systems below the systems that create and manifest the events and situations in your life for how many people is this your. First meet up with me raise your hands okay. Cool couple of things couple administrative things this means you yes. This means no.

There will be a test this means. I know the answer this means. I do not this means oh [ __ ]. I hope he doesn't call on me if.

Politically. Incorrect language offends you get out now if swearing offends you get the [ __ ] out now okay. Uh if you like to have fun you're in the right. Place if you like to learn cool things you're in the right.

Place um what else do. I need to talk about oh yes. There is lots of coffee water and chocolate in the back lots of it's the good stuff we got kid cats baby we have done lots of psychographic testing and we know what you want because when we used to whenever we mix the. Kit.

Kats with everything else you would systematically go back there and they would leave everything. But the kid. Kats we even know what kind of kid. Kats you like best you like the dark chocolate ones.

Then the white chocolate and. Then you'll leave the milk chocolate for me bastards uh how many people is this not your. First rodeo with with. David right.

On cool all right. A lot of this is going to be review how many people actually use some of the things you've learned in these meetups talk to me what happened um. So. I combine a lot of what you teach with my meditations.

M and. I get deeper faster result and permanent results oh yeah for the most give us an example what give well the very. First one that. I've ever done was actually you did it on me and you did the spinning technique on my shoulder and a pain that had been in my shoulder for about 5 years disappeared and hasn't been back.

So that was the. First like oh [ __ ] right. To do this myself cool and. Then uh the.

Second one was. I used uh used. SP. Tech for myself uhhuh and uh during my meditations and was able to release a lot of uh trauma.

MH from my childhood from my parents divorce nice. So we all went back to where. I was like 5 years old and released it and has been by awesome. I improved my relationship with my parents which was great uh and of course absolutely give it a big round of applause that was great who else is who else has use something from from our.

Meetup. David talk to me well. I. I listen to the ideas that you propose and the the techniques and and let it filter into what.

I've believed before. MH and. So um somewhat similar to his experience. I.

I. I can sometimes uh be in a troubled state of mind and and convert it to something conceptually different something that's easier to excent deal with. Mo move it as a energy construct rather than suck it up and feel bad about it yeah. So excellent and uh that's been able to make some.

U ongoing progress with things that were really upsetting me excellent. I'm glad to hear that. Then. I'm doing the right.

Thing who else has got something come on yes. Sir. I had a similar situation. First time um and uh.

I had like a for like years just like a yeah a neck pain or a tightness that wasn't caused by anything. I'm just doing that for the camera because the thing's overhead and. So um. I know inter thing and um didn't really believe it.

I just figured. I'd follow your instructions and it just kind of went away and didn't come back. I'm like well he's not a c crap he's not a c yeah. I got to listen yeah it's like.

I didn't want to believe. But you can't argue with that. So. I still scientifically analyze everything you say.

I don't want to believe anything spiritual. But the fact is there's something to it and it's still very useful. I use it like nowadays just kind of for like stage control a bad frame of mind it's like. I don't know it's more or less trick your body into knocking that [ __ ] off.

So it's like all right. I guess. I'll take advantage of that tricking your body to. Knocking that [ __ ] off.

I'm going to use that that's my that's the title of my. Next meet up how to trick your body to knock [ __ ] up it's a book. It's a book. A book.

Right. What. John said actually there was a couple things that. John said.

I want to. I want to kind of elaborate on. First of all he said something that's very key. I didn't want to believe it here's the beautiful part the things you're going to play with tonight the things you're going to learn the things you're going to work with you don't have to believe it you just have to do it you don't have to believe it you just have to do it okay.

Now. I'm going to give you a few key elements that you have to have when you do it most of what we're going to play with tonight involves three things a following instructions. B absorption and focus if you can do those three things and we're going to elaborate on what those elements are you can have or make any change mental emotional physical that you want. So.

I should have taken my before. I got here absolutely we'll get you okay. The other part that. John says is.

I don't believe in anything spiritual this is not spiritual okay. Although it does run parallel to a lot of what a lot of what of spir a lot of what spir of spiritual practices teach why because most of what spiritual practices are teaching us is just another way to to express neurological principles the way your mind and body actually work the way the physical. Universe actually works okay. I didn't bring my computer with me.

But on my on my computer. I have a a five minute video clip of of a a table with 41 separate metronomes on it and they're all set to to to to pulse and move at different rates and within 4 and. A2 minutes every single met atome on that table why because there are certain principles upon which the physical universe is based okay. The ancient.

Masters and the yogis and the the. Buddhists and and the. Dallas and the. Hebrews and the cabalist and all them people all of their systems go back to a man by the name or a a a character an entity we don't really know where he's from we you know some people say he's.

Atlantean some people say he was a. God. I don't really care um. But how many people have heard of of a of a something called.

The. Secret okay. Read the book. Seen the movie throw it away they left stuff out you might have found that out when you tried to apply it right.

We're going to cover that tonight if you actually take some of the stuff you learn tonight go back and apply it to what you taught they taught you in the secret you'll find it tends to work a little bit better okay. But it's not spiritual in the sense that some deity is going to come down and bestow a mark of favor upon your head okay. It's just understanding principles about the way the universe and your nervous system actually work things that you can take hold of and begin to put into practice right. Away.

But the secret is based on a very ancient work called the tabula smagina the tabula smagina. AKA. The. Emerald.

T tablet was written by a man named. Hermes tries mesis. AKA. Hermes the great okay.

It is the same work upon which most. Buddhist daoist cabalistic uh. Huna any form of accurate actual energetic systems that are out there are based including acupuncture and. Oriental medicine the principles are.

Universal and they mirror for the most part the laws of physics laws of quantum physics that we're just now discovering they're parallels. So they're using slightly different models to describe what we are discovering your nervous system is anybody here not made of atoms and molecules raise your hands if you're made of something other than atoms and molecules okay. That's called the physical. Universe all molecular objects seek entrainment they sync synchronicity with one another when things synchronize they start to communicate and that communication takes place on multiple levels in predictable ways.

So getting back to this whole whole metronome thing your nervous system is one big metronome electromagnetically speaking as well as cognitively okay. The biggest most you have an energy field in your body that is can be measured from your heart about 8T in diameter words. I can walk up to you with an instrument and. I can measure your electromagnetic field 8 feet from your body that energy field is pulsing because my heart is beating right.

Well guess what he's got his heart's beating too at least. I hope it is and it's interacting with my energy field. So at some point we're all going to become synchronized some point we're all going to be communicating not just consciously. But unconsciously preconsciously because our nervous systems are basically one big antenna our heart is one big metronome it can't not happen when we start to apply the law of attraction you have another kind of synchronization that starts to take place.

Law of. Attraction says what what does the law of attraction teach us um. Law of. Attraction thinks says that if you create positive thoughts you'll attract positive things whatever you think you create okay.

Is she right. Oh [ __ ] he's asking questions. I thought. I was just going to sit here and veg out that's what they say that's what they say that's what they say right.

Another way of saying what she's and and she's right. Another way of saying it on a principal level is is you will attract into your life the situations circumstances and events that vibrate or are in harmony with your dominant thoughts sounds like a great idea there's only one problem they didn't tell you what your dominant thoughts actually are. So they taught you to do affirmations they taught you to put up pictures on the wall to look. At we think that our dominant thoughts are the ones we're aware of we think our dominant thoughts are the ones that we consciously pay attention to.

But they aren't our dominant thoughts are the ones that are constantly running below the threshold of conscious awareness it's that little voice in your head if you don't know what voice. I'm talking about it's the voice that just said what voice okay. There are levels to our awareness there are layers to our nervous system they all communicate either more either more or less perfectly or imperfectly just like the metronomes the more the more deeply we can get all parts of us lined up and moving in synchronicity the more rapidly we manifest the things in our life okay. We were talking earlier before a lot of you showed up about a guy by the name of.

Milton. Ericson. Milton. Ericson would would tell his students and hiss his psychologist.

Psy he was a psychiatrist he was also known as the founder of conversational hypnosis and uh he was modeled very very deeply by the founders of neurolinguistic programming and he would tell his people your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind the secret works or doesn't work to the degree that your conscious thoughts line up with your unconscious thoughts those unconscious thoughts being beliefs attitudes imprints things that you don't know are operating below the threshold of your conscious awareness my job tonight your mission. Jim if you decide to accept is to follow the instructions and learn the building blocks of those thoughts. So that you can begin to change them okay. So we're going to talk about identity we're going to talk about resistance we're going to talk about the grid aka the code and how to work with it now couple of things before we start jumping into this it's a crappy pen a crappy marker.

I don't want that one a lot of what we're going to do involves actually getting up and doing it okay. Getting up and doing the work does not mean when. I say reach out or and. Reach.

Out. And. Touch something or point to where you feel it that does not look. Like this okay.

One of the biggest challenges that we have in most forms of change work is that we separate our mind from our bod if you go to a hypnotist he's going to put you he's going to wave a watch in front of you or he's going to talk you into a trance mind we got to talk about trance too because we think we know what transes are. But we really don't uh it's a lot to cover in a couple hours huh too late. I've already done most of it to you. So okay.

Um what was. I what was the. Last thing. I said trance oh that's why.

I freaked out right. I've looked that um you go to a psychologist or a psychotherapist right. I shouldn't say that cuz. I'm going to piss somebody off.

But you could also say hypnotherapist. So it's all right. And they're going to talk to you and and the the theory in in most forms of psychology are that if. I if.

I can get you to some kind of conscious understanding for why you're quote [ __ ] up [ __ ] up being a technical term mind you uh that you'll somehow change it how many people here have a problem that they want to fix how many people here know what the problem is okay. Okay. That that's that's. First we got to know what the problem is before we can fix it don't we um how many people consciously know what the solution is like if you know you you keep putting things off right.

You consciously know what you need to do right. You know that like say you procrastinate how many people procrastinate how many never get around to procrastinating right. That would actually be useful wouldn't it if if you put off putting things on you know you know. I get people say.

I. I constantly sabotage myself. But what if you sabotaged yourself sabotage. Then you'd have to succeed oh [ __ ] can you do that actually yeah why because everything human beings do is a process every process has a structure and a code and if you understand the structure and the code you can change it.

NLP the technical definition of. NLP is the study of the structure of subjective. Human. Experience what the hell does that actually mean.

I spent 20 years trying to figure that out as. Richard bandler says in the short in the short course it's the study of superior thinking okay. They must be doing. Maneuvers today everything human beings do is a process every.

Behavior you have every emotion every feeling it's not just something that just comes out of nowhere that has no. Substance or no. Reality in the sense that um it's ephemeral it has a structure to it it has a way of expressing itself we're going to start talking about how your nervous system actually makes meaning out of the events of your life. But the.

First thing we have to cover is this concept of identity and identification okay. I'll come right. To that after we finish the whole in your head versus in your body story most of us are stuck because and most of us take too long to change because we're not using our bodies to do it okay. And.

I will graphically demonstrate that for you right. Now when. I asked before how many people had something they want to change how many people raise their hands all right. Cool excellent how many people here are are here if it's a less than positive thing how many people hear because there's a voice in their head he's like.

I'm not sure the meds haven't kicked in yet how many people here because of a picture in their head how many people here because there's something in their life that makes them feel shitty oh look. At the hands it's not the pictures in our head that cause us to take action or not take action it's not the voices in our head it's the feelings they create where are those feelings are they in our head no. They're in our bodies and yet when we go to a hypnotist or a psychotherapist or a psychologist or a cognitive behavioral person we're up here. I'm going to suggest cuz that's what.

I do that if you want to change things really rapidly you need to get the body involved quick question how many people here have ever been little children you're still not sure are you there we go and how many people here when they were little children played pretend cool. I have one every now and. Then. I get one guy goes no.

I created computational models. I was never a child. First rule you got to have fun with this [ __ ] the power is in the playfulness okay. You take yourself too seriously you're going to screw yourself up.

So be playful seriously. I always wonder if. I'm gonna the audience is going to get that or not you guys are smart. I can tell all right.

But the secret is when. I say. Reach. Out.

And. Touch something. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it even if you don't see a and if you don't see a freaking saying pretend that you do if. I say point to where in your body you feel it point to it if. I say stand up stand the [ __ ] up the more you get the meat involved the more powerful the change happens anybody you can tell who the supernatural fans are because the moment.

I say meat they know what. I'm talking about right. You got to get the meat suit involved okay. Trance let's talk about trance what the hell is a trance do you know what a.

TR what's your name. Kim. Kim. I'm.

David it's a pleasure welcome what's a trance. I would. State certain kind of focus okay. Altered from what from your conscious every day walking around conscious every day walking around something how about you what's trans.

I'm not sure about. But what. I just can picture or what. I saw in movies or what.

I understand is just like that they get into. I don't know the consci side that makes you uh uh try to change something in the way of thinking you know making to that you didn't remember or cannot express. I don't know that okay. How many people here have ever been in a trance that they know of how many people here would know if they were in a trance right.

Now yeah see always assume. I'm in a trance when you're talking that's cuz you are the trance started once you once you read the the description of tonight's event and this is an important distinction that we have to make human beings are trans machines how many people were little kids again cool how many people here when they were kids played pretend excellent what' you play pretend at when you were a little kid army army you liked. Army huh cool how about you um fairies faires. I guess.

I don't need to ask if you were a tom boy or a tom girl huh how about you. I used to go the back hill jul oh nice the hills are alive shut up that was me my yard how about you what' you play at when you were a kid ala y. So she was she was a girly girl. I did 15 years in the.

Y though. So there you go cool. So when you were a little girl playing army in the backyard you were a little boy playing army in the backyard did you have a toy gun sure you did and when you in the backyard you picked up it was either a stick or a regular plastic gun right. And you knew within 5 minutes of picking up that stick or that toy gun that it was just a stick or a toy gun for the.

First 5 minutes 6 and 1/2 minutes. Later it's an. M60 you're. Rambo and you're blowing away bad guys everywhere around the corner right.

Were you asleep were you seeing the bad guys my head in your head were you seeing the bad guys come out of. Trance were you asleep no. Was a dream nope it was freaking real wasn't it were you having a ball were you absorbed in the experience were you focused on what you were doing congratulations if you can do that tonight you can have anything you want because you were as deep in trance as you'll ever need to go okay. Just like now come out of.

TR exactly okay. I cheat. I'm gonna install this stuff in you no. Matter what.

So the point is is that another way another thing we want to talk about is we're talking still we still on the subject of trans how many people ever going to a movie anybody have a favorite movie okay. So you know see one of the things that that can hold us back tonight is this thing called hypnotist disease or and that we we say it's hypnotist disease if you're actually trained in hypnosis or. NLP if you're not we call it smart person syndrome smart person syndrome occurs when you're being guided through a process and there's part of you trying to actually do the process. But there's this little tiny part of you kind of hanging out on the outside wondering if it's actually [ __ ] working right.

Remember trans has two components absorption in the experience combined with a continually narrowing focus of attention when you guys were playing when you were playing fairy or you were playing. Julie. Andrews in. The.

Sound of. Music or you were playing soldier or whatever it is you were playing you were absolutely absorbed in what you were doing you were having a ball true not true right. You were absolutely focused on what was going on true or not true right. That's what we need when you have those two components you have the phenomena that hypnotist classically trained hypnotists called depth of.

Trance to the degree that you have absorption and focus in what you're doing just play pretend seriously play pretend you can create powerful rapid neurologically based change your imagination the ability to be absorbed and focused in a process is the password to accessing the code that runs your nervous system getting the body involved activates more areas of your brain than just sitting in a chair imagining something okay. There's a science behind what we're doing okay. But it starts with understanding absorption and. FOC.

Focus yes. You can think about it that way yeah. But again it's a it's it's being completely in it right. If there's a little part of you hanging on the outside going is this working is it not working right.

That's the part that's going to keep you stuck okay. So. I'm inoculating you against that now when. I say get up get up when.

I say grab something and spin it reach in grab it freaking spin it like your life depended on it because it does every moment from this from from now on can be dramatically different if you follow instructions and it can be fun and it can be easy and it can be fast if absorption. Focus playful okay. Even the most traumatic [ __ ] in your life we can change it okay. There's some of you here that can attest to that this guy's seen stuff that's pure science fiction you've seen stuff that's pure science fiction he's been pure science fiction right.

Okay. So if you are trained in hypnosis or. NLP. Then you have what is commonly referred to as hypnotist disease how many people are trained in hypnosis for.

NP raise your hands okay. Hypnotist disease manifests in a very similar way to smart person syndrome. However what happens with with hypnotist disease is as we're going through the process there's a part of us that's hanging out evaluating if it's working the skill of the hypnotist and if there's something we can actually steal because we're we're we're [ __ ] that way we're always looking we're always looking for something we can steal and use right. But again the more there's parts of you hanging out not engaged that's the part that slows you down now here's the beautiful part you don't have to believe anything we're telling you you just have to pretend and act it out because when you act it out you override anything that would hold you back if you get the meat involved.

John's said it many times. I don't believe this he. I he's been like four or five meetups now and he every time he comes up to me go. I don't believe this.

But it worked because you don't have to believe it the change work that. I do clinically is far too important to be left up to the. Wimpy belief systems of the client. I don't deal with with things like weight loss and smoke cessation.

I deal with chronic and terminal illness stuff people don't want to give up. But do want to give up stuff that nobody's nobody's been able to help them with everything from herpes outbreaks to cancer tumors okay. And all kinds of weird stuff that. I didn't know.

I could do it turns out the nervous system processes just about every dysfunction the same way in the world according to. David disease isn't a thing it's a process a process is just a behavior it's something the body's doing and the one thing about. NLP te that. NLP teaches us is you can always change what you're doing when things become hard to change is when you become identified with the problem instead of realizing it's just something you're doing in.

NLP we have this construct or this this principle called logical levels of belief. So at the top of the level depending on which school of. NLP you pull from you have the spiritual level. Then you have the identity level and the belief level and the.

Criterion values level and the deserving you it just kind of trickles down the one thing we find more often than not is that when people identify with their problem in other words. I'm a fat person. I'm a smoker. I'm just unlucky when they have when you hear those.

I'm in front of any any any description what you're hearing is somebody who views thems as the same thing as the problem okay. So the. First thing you have to understand is it's not you you're not even the personality sitting in your head you're far more than that. But you've become identified with the set of behaviors and beliefs that you're walking around in it's like your favorite suit of clothes you just put them on every day because they're comfortable and they're familiar the brain sorts for what's familiar important concept okay.

If the brain has a choice between failing you know if you have 20 years of failing at something and you have a brand new process that has a high level of high percentage of success and it has to choose between something new and unfamiliar with a possibility of success versus something it's very familiar with that has 100% level of success in the wrong direction guess what it'll choose your brain is hardwired that way okay. Now the beautiful part is you can change that too anybody ever he of a concept called neuroplasticity you have of course neuroplasticity is the the ability for your brain to rewire itself for the ability of your nervous system to change the neurological connections. So that you think differently. So that you learn there are several ways that you can create a profound state of neuroplasticity you can saturate the body with a substance called oxytocin okay.

How many people know what oxytocin is okay. Oxytocin is often known as the cuddle hormone hormone right. It makes you want to cuddle it's released when you cuddle it's the primary uh neurotransmitter in pair bonding relationship between mother and child uh husband and wife it it's a it's a primary mediator in trust relationships the most the most oxytocin is actually released during sexual orgasm okay. So a lot of what we do in uh in some of our advanced classes and and some of our personal change classes which we'll talk about is will'll spend the.

First hour saturating your body with pleasure yeah it sucks it's a terrible thing really um. But we. But. But literally that's that's what we do is we saturate the body with joy pleasure um if you if you want to do the orgasm stuff you can you know it's fine we'll show you how to do it you don't have to actually get naked to do it um because it's you just have to know how your nervous system works.

But my point is is that the more you saturate the system with pleasure the higher the level of oxytocin in your system becomes the more plastic your nervous system becomes the more rapidly it changes okay. So you can hug for 20 minutes tell lots of jokes experience or re remember intensely joyful experiences have lots of orgasms or or you can go eat all the chocolate in the back of the room because that's what it's there for you think. I put the chocolate out cu. I like you no.

I cheat oxytocin is laced in chocolate the more chocolate that you eat the more fun you have the more playful you become the more the oxytocin go ahead go for it brother. I go through. Great. Lengths to make everything.

I. I do appear very natural and. N orchestrated okay. But.

I cheat my job is to help you change as a professional that's what. I'm paid for to help you change either directly or indirectly right. As long as you follow the instructions. I know.

I can help if you don't get the [ __ ] out okay. That was a joke. But eat as we have lots of chocolate and seriously help yourselves if at any time if. I forget to give you breaks because.

I'm passionate about what. I do. So sometimes. I just keep talking and talking and talking if your bladder's talking to you louder than.

I am just go okay. Um getting back to this identity thing remember something and this is important the memories that we're carrying around are only a problem because we've identified them or with them couple of. Concepts that are behind that we can how many people have have at least one shitty memory that kind of haunts them right. Here's where we talk here's where we talk about the concept of smart thinking versus stupid thinking if you think about the past and it's not not making your life better and you have the tool to change it and you don't now you're being stupid.

But why don't we change those memories why don't we change our memories um. I don't think we know how to okay. We don't know how good reason how about yes. Sometimes we don't want to go through them again we don't want to go through them again excellent it's like our experiences and we don't want to just count that as anything bad or not useful okay.

Okay. All very good. So we don't know how uh what was the one you said want go through we don't want to go through them again we don't want to relive the pain or the act the the or we we they're part of we don't want to lose the lessons life we don't want to forget our life we don't want to forget our life right. Yes.

Makes your body feel shitty feel makes your body feels shitty all great reasons all true here's the problem though the primary reason that we feel shitty when we have those memories is because the way they were coded and the fact that we believe that those memories are us that they are the actual thing that happened. But they're not anybody here ever take a digital picture like a really high quality digital picture or a movie like maybe it's like you know it's 20 minutes of cat video or whatever right. But it saved at like 1,200 by 1980 and you want to send it to grandma because the kid because the kits are. So cute and you zip that sucker up and you attach it to.

Yahoo or. Gmail and you try to send that file what happens it chokes your email chokes doesn't it why why why does it's too much information the files too big to be processed right. So what do you do you take out the. Cat video whip out your your.

Photoshop program or your your your. Adobe. Premiere video editing program what do you do you save that sucker down to a smaller size right. So maybe you save it down to like.

I don't know 320 by 6 by 480 you know something tiny right. We're talking about video because it's kind of multi multimodal right. And you send that video to. Grandma and grandma gets it on her big big screen and it's this freaking big and she's like.

I can't see that. I'll just enlarge it and the cats disappear why why did the cat disappear enough information ah see any time you save something down you have to remove information when you try to replay the memory or when you try to replay the video especially at the original size there's [ __ ] missing right. There's information missing well guess what your nervous system does exactly the same thing in order for you to relive on a memory and event there's a structure that it encoded in the. First place.

But anytime you think about it anytime you talk about it it has to delete information in order to communicate it it has to distort information to communicate it if. I were to talk about you know an experience what's your name again. Zoe. Zoe.

Zoe. Zoe if. I were to talk about my experience to. Zoe.

I'm using words. But that's what. NLP likes to call the surface structure beneath that word are layers upon layers books of information that aren't being transmitted and. So when.

Zoe hears my words when you all hear my words you think you know what. I'm saying. But just to give you an. I'm just.

I'll give you a graphic example. I'll use a hypnotic language pattern. So you can begin to kind of get what. I'm talking about.

I'm going to give you two very similar sentences one is going to be hypnotically correct in terms of how your nervous system processes information the other one is not going to it's going to be chromatically correct. But not hypnotically correct and it's going to be nonsensical and it's done that way. So that you can pay attention to certain things you ready. I'm going to do the wrong one.

First this is how you the dog that was orange galloped playfully okay. Now when. I said dog how many people saw a dog in their head how many had an orange one oh what color was your dog what color was your dog what color was your dog. Brown.

I didn't have a dog you didn't have a dog what color was your dog red what color was your dog brown brown why didn't you do what. I told you. I told you to see an orange dog or did. I you see the moment your system heard the word dog it started a search it looked for the word dog it looked for every memory every thought every idea concerning the word dog and it attached it to my the word.

I gave you and it spat that up to your awareness and. Then what followed didn't match. I was ask question because of the way you said it or thought exactly and. I did that to prove a point when you have a thought when you hear me say something and you think you know what.

I understand you don't because all the information that's not said has to be supplied by your brain just like if we we send. Grandma the cat picture the. Cat video right. And she's like it's 320 by 480 she blows it up and it's now 720 by 1980 right.

And there's lots of information missing now if she's a retiree and has lots of time on her hand and is very techsavvy what do you think she's going to do she's going to whip out the adomi. Premiere. Photoshop she's going to start putting it back she's going to try and retouch or restore the photograph. But when she puts it back will it 100% match what we originally started with no.

She puts it back based on what she thinks is supposed to be there that's what your nervous system does all the time every time you read every time you hear every time you process information from the outside even from the inside. But for right. Now we're talking about communication from the outside you're filling in all the missing data and that data comes from your memories from your life experience now here's the beautiful part the problem is isn't that that that that that's going on although that can be the problem the problem is that we think that the that vote that video that we have that we're playing in our head or that lossy photograph is the cat that it is the thing that happened. But it's not that's just a video it's just a recording of.

Muffy playing with a ball of string muffy's out chasing mice in the backyard right. Now right. It's just a recording it's not the thing that happen. So as.

Richard likes to say the best thing about the past ladies and gentlemen is it's gone it can't come back and here's another very frightening yet exciting idea you are the god or goddess in your world you the center of your universe that gives you the right. The privilege and the authority to change any memory in your life that isn't making your life better because all you're carrying around are a bunch of crappy recordings. Anyway they're not the thing that happened heck they're not even an accurate representation of the thing that happened. Neuroscience has been proving this for decades now that your memories change as time goes on.

So you actually have no. Clue what happened and yet you remember to feel the same way every single time how does that work it works because that memory was recorded using a program that tells you what to feel and how to feel it every time you access it h pretty interesting huh everybody think of a time in your life when you felt amazingly good now imagine if there's a picture somewhere in the space around. You. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture that means. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the [ __ ] picture now notice as you touch that picture trace the edges of it with your hand. So you know how big it is two hands there you go he's he's going to be fun right.

Now notice there's a place in your body where that feeling lives point to it right. There grab the edges of your picture you ready for this shrink it to half the size it's still all inpassing well. Then shrink it smaller what happened to the feeling yeah it shrunk it shrunk yeah what happened to your picture shrunk how about yours did it shrink or get stronger that picture yeah the the feeling when you shrink what happened to the feeling what happened to the oh you smiling now look. At that.

God you mean the minute. I took. A picture that wasn't there and made it bigger the feeling got bigger. But there's no.

Picture there yes. There is yes. There is take that picture notice where you feel it double the size of it it's supposed to be a good picture all right. Now take it ready for this put it behind you what just happened what just happened to your feeling.

I don't like it you don't like it what just happened to your feeling when you put it behind you let go it gone it went away all right. Bring it back what the [ __ ] now grab it make it twice as big as you look. At that picture. I want you to notice something is it in color or black and white.

First impression is it moving or still moving. Ming if it isn't moving make it move if there's no. Sound turn up the sound notice what happens to the feelings in your body and when you're really you're when you're really ready for some juice grab that picture and wrap it around you like a big blanket what the [ __ ] now you can leave it there if you want to. But it might be a little hard to concentrate you ready to get it even cooler notice there's a place in your body where that feeling lips point to where you feel it everybody stand up close your eyes.

Point to where you feel feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression green good reach in and grab all that color with your hands physically reach into your body grab it out grab it out of your body take it out and hold it in your hands make sure you get it all because sometimes that [ __ ] hides. First thing. I want you to notice as you look.

At it and hold it in your hands in front of you did the color change or stay the same. First impression change excellent if it didn't change that's excellent too notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression physically grab it with both of your hands since this is something you want more of. I want you to physically grab it double the spin in the direction it's moving physically move it again keep doubling the spin double the speed double the force double the amplitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to stop impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change how good are you feeling there was no.

Picture there what was there memory have a see pretty cool huh we're just getting started now spin it faster notice what happens to the feeling in your body when you spin it faster she's. Broken. Out. In.

The. Sweat over here she like okay. Every emotion is connected to a memory or feeling it's a code it's a video that video or that recording has a structure it's the structure that creates the experience not the story that's how your nervous system creates meaning from memory it isn't the the the the story of what happened it's how it's coded okay. Every feeling that you have or every memory that you have has a feeling stored somewhere in the body good or bad okay.

The. First thing we need to understand is that all of our memories are just recordings of something that happened they aren't us they aren't the thing that happened they're just a bad recording and we can edit it when you think about the past wouldn't it be nice to only remember things in ways that made your life better if you have any thought any feeling any belief that when you access it and you experience it does not make your life better you have the god-given right. And responsibility to change it make sense and you can do that anybody here have something they don't want to feel anymore should we do this should. I bring people up or should we do this as a group come on up here soe is it okay.

To be on camera be famous all right. Yes. You and. I'm not um is this a physical pain or a physical thing or an emotional thing um an emotional thing emotional thing okay.

So here's what. I want you to do um um imagine that there's a picture we're going to we're going to do two things because one of the things that happens many times is when we create a memory we have different types of memory okay. We have what we called semantic memory and. Then we have episodic memory.

So there's memory that that records the event itself and. Then there's things we derive from that memory lessons or or ideas or principles. So many times what happens when we go to and it it could have been it could be a physical thing e too it could. I've.

I've done that. I've all kinds of weird pains that shouldn't go away and they do. I actually do think like. I've been having this thing down in here for a while which is weird because my happy memory was right.

There okay. Like right. Here in my back for a while and. I think it's connected to this oh really okay.

So let's do that let's do that. First okay. But what. I'm doing is called is a technique called.

The. Magic. Frame and it's specifically designed to do one thing it's designed to extract from the memory or the experience the. Lessons.

Learned see one of the many times what happens when we go to get rid of a problem or we go to get rid of something and a technique should work and they go partway into it and it doesn't work or it goes away and it comes back it's because when you have an experience the unconscious mind does not make a distinction between the the movie the structure the lessons and the feelings it it's lumped all together and what the unconscious mind does is it holds things in storage until they can be processed which is again one of the problems is we never go back and process this [ __ ] we're like. The. Bachelor who's got a hot date coming over and the room hasn't been cleaned in 6 months pizza boxes everywhere six packs all over the place. So what does he do he puts [ __ ] under the couch throws it in the closet anything to get it out of sight he has his date maybe it goes well maybe it doesn't six months.

Later he goes to get his bowling ball out of the closet he gets hit with an avalanche right. Welcome to the structure of most chronic illness it's the stuff we don't express the stuff we don't deal with the stuff we pretend isn't there that comes back to haunt us when you have something you want to say uh maybe. I don't know all right. We'll think about it we'll come back to it.

So many times what we need to do and. I'm not saying that's true for. Zoe because. I.

I. But. I have found this many times. I just do this as kind of like housekeeping if there's a lesson derived from that experience that you need to keep.

I'm going to give you a process that allows you to distill out that one piece because in order to keep that one piece because the unconscious mind is afraid if you if you lose that piece you'll forget the lesson and it will happen again like dating the wrong guy once too many times or the wrong girl once too many times right. So we keep that piece. So you can keep the lesson and let the rest go. So there's a feeling that you have back here that you you don't like no.

Yeah it's like right. Right. On the. I want you to imagine that in your space around you that there's a picture connected to that feeling why don't you reach out and touch the picture okay.

Actually now trace the edges of it with both of your hands excellent now. First thing. I want you to do is grab it grab it by the edges double the size of it what happens to the feeling it increases okay. So put it back the way it was.

EXC now put a big black frame around it big black frame you're probably too young to remember when televisions actually had dials and switches and knobs and stuff we all have remote controls and mind control [ __ ] now right. We. But along the bottom along the bottom part of the big black frame what. I want you to do is.

I want you to find the the dial of the switch that controls the brightness and. I want you to turn it all the way to the right. So the picture completely whites out okay. Notice what happens to the feeling as you white it out no.

It changes oh wow it's like like. I have a color associated with the feeling and the color is changing excellent now turn it all the way to the left. So it goes completely black notice what happens to the feeling oh it's like. DS okay.

So which one makes it feel better all the way to the right. Or all the way to the left the right. Is lighter. I'm not sure okay.

They both they do different things okay. So keep turning it. I think the the white is actually over time okay. Let's do white.

Then turn it all the way to the white all the right. So the image is whiteed out now in this finger. I want you to imagine you have a glowing golden. Sharpie marker okay.

Now across that screen there's a bunch of things that this experience had to teach you. I want you just to begin to write out whatever that was good bad and different. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go just start writing the screen it scroll. So you can just keep writing keep going it's all right.

I've had people my wife you don't even want to know how long she sat here doing this [ __ ] she's probably doing it in. Chinese keep going yeah all done or you got more. I think. So okay.

There's anything else. I think got it notice that happens when this picture shrinks down to the size of a postage stamp floats over your head and off nailed into the past what just happened you keep the lessons and let the rest go it's it's a lot lighter um. I can still feel like this one little spot like and it feels like a little black spot cool on a scale of 0 to 10 right. The intensity um probably like a seven excellent close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it now. I want you to look. At that spot with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression green excellent reach in with both of your hands grab all that green energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it do cuz sometimes that [ __ ] hides excellent now you got it all yeah see. I told you it hides it's weird it's like a little endless hole that's right. Just keep pulling. I figured out a long time ago you just keep pulling it's like taffy sometimes yeah and there'll be a point when you got more than enough of it to change it okay.

Cool excellent now as you look. At it with your inner eyes. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression change what color it change excellent now notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction did it spinning grab it with both of your hands physically turn it.

So it's now the opposite of what it was it's moving the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone let the feelings come up let them come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them what's happening is you just she's just changed the code that creates that experience as the code reinserts itself and generalizes anything that's not in harmony with the code has to be shed. So what happens now is sometimes they'll break out into a sweat they'll start to have emotions come up that's the venting and the shedding process feel really nauseous okay. Scale of 0 to 10 rate the feelings um. I feel really pissed off it's good excellent let it come up it's okay.

To fix. I'm actually really mad um. I really [ __ ] pissed yeah let it out this is okay. Can.

I scream yes. If you want to okay. That felt good yeah it just feel really like when. I get it out yeah this is why we get stuck because our society teaches us we're not allowed to express ourselves scale of 0 to 10 rate the feelings in your back um it's like a 0 five and in fact.

I can feel that it's keep it's like almost like it's like um draining like it's just kind try to bring it back notice what happens. I can't it doesn't want to exactly it's like a shield yeah you get like you usually get one of three answers when that process kicks in he. I can't bring it back they try to bring it back it gets it goes in the opposite direction or they look. At me with a pissed off look.

I don't want it back feel head over the hand how do you feel um how do. I feel in terms how's it back oh the back feels really good that the back feels really good um. I can feel like a lot of energy just moving through my legs the whole system is reprocessing yeah like everything's kind of. Buzzy okay.

I'm going to let you sit down and we'll come back if you need to reprocess some other stuff that comes up we'll do that give her a big round of [Applause] applause the acupuncturists say that when we have pain in the body it's because em energy isn't moving there's two reasons energy doesn't move there's either not enough of it or there's too much all en all emotions are energy and motion the more we try to repress an emotion we need an equal amount of energy to keep it in place and that energy has to go somewhere you'll find that if you can do the homework on this if you want to. But they've actually discovered there are certain key places in the body where we store certain categories of emotion. I'm going to go. I'm going go out in the limb here that anger you were did that something to do with money yes.

Who knew right. Every pain in your body is there because there's a code that's expressing information in that way. I don't need to know what her problem is sounds like. I'm psychic right.

I'm not although. I do teach classes in it. But the truth of the matter is is that every experience that you have your nervous system doesn't care as far as your nervous systems is concerned it's all the equivalent of ones and zeros it will process pain just as readly it will process pleasure. But everything in your nervous system has a code and a structure that all levels of your nervous system have to understand if you understand the code you can change it pretty cool huh oh it's just going to get better all right.

The body is like the bachelor's closet when we have a feeling that we like or don't like there is a physical address in the body where that feeling lives when we start getting the body involved we start focusing different levels of our awareness to that place we start lighting up the brain and the nervous system like a. Christmas tree how long have you had that it's been um a little over a year. But it started it got really bad within the. Last year okay.

And um. But it it's been for like 10 years 10 years what did you triy before to get rid of it um yoga stretching. I mean it was never anything like a pain it was more of an annoying like throbbing that would pop up okay. Yeah.

So. I. I've never felt like anything that you know and a chiropractor. I've seen a chiropractor for a long time mhm.

I saw one too and. Then. I married her okay. Um.

So one of the things let's let's just review a little. B we're going to take a f minute break or 7 minute break. So you guys can use the restroom you. I'm going to find a bunch of you in the restroom in the park going.

I can't stop touching it. I can't stop touching it right. The beautiful part is is you can all do this you don't have to have me guide you through it although. I'm going to guide you through a couple of them tonight.

But this is my gift to you there is nothing that. I have found that distilling out the lesson and. Then spinning it can affect to some degree as long as you do three things follow instructions become fully absorbed and. Focus what if you can't remember being you don't.

Then replay my video. Then replay the video okay. I usually post the videos of the meetups on my website or on my. YouTube channel and.

I've had people all over the world say. I just watch your video and my pain went away because you have this thing called mirror neurons mirror neurons take everything you see hear and feel and they copy below the threshold of conscious awareness every physical activity that it's experiencing the way they discovered mirror neurons was back in. Italy several. I me close to a decade ago now.

I guess uh they had these. Apes strapped or chimps strapped up to uh some some eegs or. EKGs or something like that something that monitors brain stuff brain stuff that's a technical term and uh one of the the the apes or chimps was watching one of the lab assistants peel a banana and one of the other lab. Texs noticed that as the ape was watching the lab technician peel the banana all the parts of the chimp's brain that would be active if he were peeling the banana were firing and that launched the whole study of miror neurons which they they believe now is the is the physiological basis of empathic communication and understanding they play a key role in the foundation of memory of learning and for some reason they seem to play a huge huge role in autism.

So there's a lot of study on mirror neurons. So the fact is we if just watching this stuff happened can actually change you and. I've actually had people contact me from around the world say. I just watched your stuff and my my pain went away okay.

But you can learn it from the yes. Was relation to autism. I'm not really sure. I'm not really sure.

I didn't follow up on that. But. I remember reading about it okay. There's a book.

Called mirroring others by the the guy's name is yabon g i a o b o n i. I can't remember his his. First name. But uh if you it's called mirroring people.

So if you want to look. Up that stuff it's a good place place to start. But the whole point is if you can't actually use it for something it's not any it's not useful mirroring others or mirroring people. I think is what it's called you can get it on.

Amazon okay. So let's take a seven minute break we've covered trance we've covered identity and identification um we've touched a little bit on the grid and how this stuff works we're going to go back and revisit it. So you get a little bit more thorough understanding and. Then we're going to start changing stuff if that's okay.

Is that okay. Yeah all right. Go flag you cany lots of.
