Title: LABOR DAY WEEKEND WHATSUP YO WITH DR. DAVID!
File Name: AAvBpzHImDg.txt
Video Id: AAvBpzHImDg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAvBpzHImDg

For hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in how are all my friends out in. YouTube land sorry.

I took. Me a little bit to get set up hey there's. Nolan. I haven't seen you in forever this is live you got it guys how y'all doing hold on a.

Second. I'm you can't see my my bright. Shining face on my own uh device here mad. J says you're old thanks for that appreciate you nice shirt love the ochre is that what this shirt's called ochre make your old habits how's everybody doing hey um.

I have had my head down into the grindstone now for a good two and a half years working on a. Second doctorate program in. Chinese energetic medicine and uh that officially ended. Last.

Sunday. So. I am a double doctor. I'll post the video of me walking and getting my diploma and all that good stuff uh.

Later on on. But in the meantime since this is a special. Labor. Day weekend and my labors at least in the chi in the realm of.

Chinese energetic medicine have ceased. I decided. I had to come on and hang out with my peeps. But.

I want to do something special today. I want to talk about um things we've got coming up things we've got planned some things we don't have scheduled yet. But most importantly for those of you who really want to talk. I'm going to post something in the link for you guys and.

I've only got. I have a limited space what. I decided to do was open up my zoom room. So for those of you who want to come into the zoom room and talk to me in person without the need of a chat.

There's the link. I'll see you in a couple minutes right. I will keep this chat open by the way uh. So for those of you coming in into the zoom room yes.

I will be bouncing back and forth. But. I figure why not just have you guys face to face and. I'll.

I'll do my best to field questions as much as. I can and uh oh there's. Michael. First one in was.

Michael. I'm going to go to uh and there's brick and again when the room is full the room is full all right. I think. I only have four uh space for like four or 500 people on this on this count.

So since. I have like 237,000 subscribers at any given moment could be now keep in mind when you log in that um you're gonna have to raise your hand you're gonna have to do this in a nice neat orderly fashion um and. I will do my best to uh in the time that. I have answer people's questions.

So people are say what no. Vest hey. I. I tried something a little different well there's three of the same person in the waiting room.

So that's probably got to change hi. David how are you good sir how are you. I'm good thank you for asking. I'm really happy uh to be on board with this and uh.

I have been watching your content rewatching it restudying courses and. I just. I. I love it.

I love it it's been a long time since. I've seen you brother it has been a long time yeah um it has been a long time. But. I.

I just pulled out my notes and. I started studying a lot of your content and uh. I rewatched one of your videos about the 21 most important words yep um and uh in that video you tell someone that uh if they wanna whatever it is that you want to do in life you would basically write it out exactly how you want it to to be done and. Then you would use those 21 hypnotic terms to hypnotize yourself into and you record it right.

And you listen to it for like 6 days or something um. So yeah. I've been doing that and. I.

I just wanted to ask you a really random question. I don't know what the answer is going to be. But with everything that you've studied throughout the years do you believe in curses is that something 100% okay. 100% believe in curses and there are as of my.

Last as of three trainings ago there were at least 21 different types of curses that. I was exposed to or was thought about how to do them how to break them stuff like that. So uh yes. Cursing is a is a thing the most interesting part about that is that um most curses are self inflicted.

H or un or unconsciously inflicted people don't realize that they've inadvertently cursed them doctors do this to their patients all the time um we call it clinical hexing uh some people might call it. White. Coat. Syndrome or whatever.

But yeah very common yeah all right. So for those of you who are uh joining us who are watching us on the uh on the. YouTube chat what. I've done is.

I posted a zoom. Link in the chat it's also in the comment in the in the description below this live video. So for the time that. I'm on if you would rather talk to me directly in a nice neat orderly fashion uh you can actually join me on zoom and hang out with me while while.

I'm doing this. So it's an. AMA any questions allowed if. I can answer it.

I will if. I can't. I'll refer to you to someone who. I think might and uh yes.

I decided to go vestess today because it's just uh. I got. I want to. Flow.

Free. So. Anyway noan thank you for your question and let's go ahead and look. At who's in our waiting room yet if we need anybody um.

I got other questions um got yah and. Michael brick any questions or you guys just hanging out there's. Stella. I may have to keep posting the zoom link just.

So people because it's going by pretty quick. So maybe people are missing it. So uh. Ace has asked wait was that.

Ace no. Wait where'd he go hold on a. Second oh they they retracted the statement all right. Um all right.

If for those of you in the zoom room if you have a question go ahead and and oh wait a minute they're they're writing it in the chat um you once mentioned seven traits all male hero characteristics have is their list. Michael thank you for typing that in the chat. But you you are allowed to like take turn your camera on and and talk to me in person it's kind of why. I did this unless you don't want to be seen which is completely okay.

There's five basic traits and there's a couple others that is fine. So we're talking about the the classical characteristics of the archetypal romantic hero. First one is they're tough they're always they're always tough even if at the beginning of the story they don't start out that way they become really tough by the end of the. Epic.

So toughness both mentally physically and emotionally is one of the core characteristics they're. Relentless they don't give up they don't quit. So that's an aspect of toughness. But not necessarily physical toughness it's once they're focused on what they want they go after it they are.

StreetWise they are people who've been around the block more times than they can count um they know the world's full of buttthe heads and jerk offs and they're not surprised when they can come across yet another one think of your your classical romantic. Heroes like. Han. Solo or.

Captain. Jack. Sparrow or. James.

Bond these guys are um even some of the more modern ones who's a good modern one um obviously. Logan uh from. Wolverine is a classic romantic hero even. Superman to a certain degree even though he's more on what we call the.

Lancelot side of things he's he's all about um goodness and light. But he's not surprised when people lie right. He's he's been there he's done that right. So there's this these classical types um they're assertive and they're dominant they're people these are people who are not afraid to stand up in a room and in a in a rational powerful way.

State what they want and what they believe right. They're they're ready and willing to take charge at any given moment okay. So that's the five core ones that um are written about in uh dangerous men adventurous women uh. I add two more to that uh a sense of humor or woodiness right.

And a sense of mystery right. And. I and with these seven uh you pretty much um have this ability to become super attractive to people in general when when uh in in any situation or circumstance it's it's something. I've seen over and over and over again and what you'll see when you go back and you look.

At all of the classic romantic. Hero characters um they all have these traits the difference is in the proportions of them some of them are just more on the physical and relentlessness side. I think. Rocky baloa for example right.

Super tough super. Relentless um not necessarily the most dominant guy in comparison to his other traits. But in the ring he he comes out right. So what you're looking at is the proportions of these traits uh romantic heroin traits are a little bit more nebulous.

But what you'll see is they almost always passionate um they are independent thinkers they even if they don't start out at the beginning of the uh of the show or the series that way they become strong inside um they're almost always uh very caring like they have a a deeply. Compassionate. Heart right. They're obviously attractive in some way um.

I'm trying to remember uh if you get the book. Dangerous men adventurous women which is a series of essays written by. Romance. Writers there's formulas that people apply that you can apply to this and if you take the identity by.

Design system that we teach for example and you use the traits from those books um you can actually start to install and amplify those. States within yourself um. Paul took. His camera off.

So we'll call in. Paul. So. I got one of those step vibrating things yep.

I'm wondering what kind of settings. I should have and what kind of chongs that's beneficial for um depending on how you're do well. First of all it's uh any of the. Eon stuff the standing meditation stuff it's going to be good for you just got to be careful that you follow your your your 18 rules of posture right.

That you got your tensity going any calisthenic type stuff is is is good on your vibration trainer. I used to do it when. I was back when. I was training hardcore system and.

I may start doing it again when. I was training my punches. I would actually uh do fist. Planks on the um on the vibration plate and keep my my structure and just hold the structure and slowly come down and push and again the idea when you're doing when you're doing systemic punches versus push-ups is that in a push-up you're pushing yourself away from the earth.

But when you're doing punch training you're actually pushing the. Earth away from you. So it changes the direction of your. Chief.

Lo it changes the direction of your tension in your. Jin. So the idea is. I'm always pushing.

I'm always stationary and solid and. I'm pushing the the heavy object away right. But the vibration and holding that um along with your standing practice is probably the best place to start okay. Uh let's see here.

So. David said you. Pro hold on a. Second you promised.

I will tell you something about myopia. I don't recall promising to tell anybody anything about myopia because. I'm not a. I'm not an expert on it.

But um one of the ways that you can begin to um to heal your eyes. There are uh there's a gentleman. So he's a. Russian gentleman who had a whole series naov is his name or something um they had a whole series of eye exercises and.

I'll see if. I can find that. I think that might have been what you're referring to was was the book. The other thing you can do is you can practice breathing um since the the eyes.

Are related to the liver the liver is related to the wood element if you if you soften your gaze create an energy ball wrap it around some very healthy lush green vegetation and slowly sip that energy in through your eyes. Into your liver in and out this will start to to tonify and purify um the energy in your eyes. And that will start to make them more healthy that's a pretty safe way to do it. So the idea is we we're not gonna we're not going to we're going to regulate.

So we're going to breathe the energy in the clean energy in breathe the clean energy out um with a soft defocused gaze and and that will allow you to u to start to to to rejuvenate your eyes. Uh and if. I can find the uh that book. I know.

I have it in my. I think. I might have it in my my. Kindle app.

But. I haven't had time to look. For it. But that's where.

I would start uh look. Up. I baits eye exercises are good for that um should. I type here or ask live.

Stella why don't you go ahead and ask your question sweetie oh thank you uh can you hear me. I can great uh sorry that um. I'm away from the camera. I'm in.

Europe it's almost midnight. So. I'm not really camera ready at this point. But we.

I leave it your imagination that way. So. First of all. I'm.

So extremely happy that. I catch you live and. I guess manifestation works because. I just discovered your channel.

I don't know like three four five days ago and since. Then. I haven't slept. I haven't done.

I haven't been out like literally. I haven't even gone to swim. I didn't do anything. I was binging it like nonstop it's everything.

I was always looking for. I was studying. I was studying um things about manifestation uh social anthropology mythology theology. Linguistics language games alstein psychology all kind of stuff and the way you synthetize everything and bring it further is phenomenal and obvious um.

I don't know what happened. I'm here oh you can hear me great. So my my screen. Chang any.

So uh you know all that about yourself obviously. So. I just wanted to come to my point which was um is there a way to have private sessions with you. I guess on.

Zoom since we are different continents absolutely uh for anybody who is interested in sessions with me uh. I'll. I'll be. UPF front with you um.

I'm kind of expensive. I guess that. I was afraid of that. I'll just be up front with that uh.

But. I'm happy to work with anybody who can you know who can afford to work with me and stuff like that. However for people who maybe it's not in their price range or or or or something along those lines. I have several trained.

Associates people who. I deeply trust who. I refer most of my clinical work too unless people really want to work with me. I have the highest level of trust in these people.

So when you call here's how it's going to work you the number you need to call is 858 okay. Wait wait wait wait a wait wait a. Second please um and uh is that a number that. I would should call on.

WhatsApp for example because from. Europe it's not really evident um you know. I don't know uh it could be uh if you call on what if you call this number. I don't know if you'll get it on.

WhatsApp or not. But this is my office number it's 858 28 4663 284. I'll say it a few times for people yeah okay. 858 282 4663 28 sorry for those of you on.

YouTube. I type too many sixes uh 858 282 4663 this is my this is my office number. So if you're looking for one-on-one work this is how we work we offer all prospective clients a free 30 minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods after you pass our screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you we think you would be better served uh through another modality. Then we're happy to make a referral uh because that's that's what we care about we want to make sure that you're you're you're getting the help you need and.

So the evaluation process that we we put people through is to make sure that you're going to get you have the best chance to get the big the biggest return on your investment for your time with us right. As much as. I'd love to believe that my. Technologies can help everybody a lot of times it depends on where you are in that life cycle of people who are ready to change some people aren't ready to give it up some people need other types of interventions.

First um before they're ready or or it's it's safe within scope practice for us to work with them like for example one of the things that is for most cases outside of my scope of practice is like multiple personalities dissociative identity disorder and yet. I've had to work with some of these people not be and and and a lot of it was because um. Everybody given up on they'd been to like three psychologists three institutions and and nobody could help these people or at least that was what they told me and. So.

I said well look. I've never worked with with anything like this before. I can't make any guarantees. I'll put you through our evaluation our screening process and if you pass the screening.

Then um. Then we'll take on your case and see what we can do right. But. I'd like to see some notations and some some kind of documentation from your uh you know from your your.

Healthcare. Providers if you have any right. Well she did her due diligence and she came in and she had amazing results um. But technically outside of my scope of practice um and.

I. I took. It on more as you say well if if you can you know. I'm happy to help and we'll see where this goes.

But um. But you have to really make. But you have to really make sure that um it's not out of my scope of practice now as as a medical practitioner. But as a hypnotist it was um and may ask who is that 30 minutes evaluation um call with is it with an.

Associate it's usually with it's usually with moss moss is my my administrative assistant and my top my my highly he likes to think of himself as my. Proto and he's it's probably true now he's probably. I've probably thrown him into more deep water than anybody at this point um and he's handling he's actually handling like high level cases like breast cancers and deep level physiological stuff it'll probably be with. Moss um.

But if. Moss agrees that um it's something for it's time to call in. Dr. David.

Then you'll probably wind up doing similar things with me and. Then we'll decide where to go from there actually. I'm mostly interested in the kind of. Seduction persuasion.

SL manipulation oh okay. Technique. U targeting specific people and without it's it sounds horrible. I just hear myself no.

With no. Bad intention um. So. I wonder if you do consultation on subjects like that absolutely yeah the fee is the same whether we're doing therapeutic work coaching or or.

Advanced persuasion and influence mentoring right. It's my expert it's my time. So it's my expertise. So if you come in and you have stuff you want to fix we'll do that if you have skill sets you want to learn we'll do that right.

Um my job is to help as many people as. I can and like as you mentioned at the beginning of of your your time. I have a pretty broad skill set um and and. So.

I'm happy to use those to help the people that that want to work with me thank you just just a quick question uh what's your your view on seduction do you think that um any person any given person can seduce anyone or is there some no. Negotiables that. But this doesn't work because something in the realm of persuasion and influence there are no. Absolutes this is the one thing that that persuasion students learn on one of the things you can count on is that if you have the right.

Tools and the right. Resources and you can engineer the environment you can get anybody to do just about anything the question is do you have the skill sets and the other resources necessary there's a there's a in my friend. Chase likes to talk about a concept he calls. PCP and it's not it's not the drug right.

It's not angel dust right. PCP means perception context permission right. What's the per can you control that person's perception of you you control the context in which you're interacting with them and can you engineer a sequence of experiences that give them the idea or the perspective that they have permission to be an act a certain way and the skill sets that you bring to bear on that are um are what make are are the deciding factors. So anybody can be uh.

But not everybody can do it that that's exactly what. I was hoping to hear because that's what. I believe and that's what. I guess that your approach is.

So it sounds very good yeah thank you. So. I definitely will contact your number and. Then.

I hope to to get to you by all means please you know please reach out to us and we're happy to have and just for the record you know even though. Stella. I know. Stella felt a little bit weird talk about the swword right.

But the truth is that. I don't. I don't. I don't judge anybody's um this material let me.

I'm gonna have to mute everybody because getting kind of loud in the chat for hold on a. Second hold on all right. Good now uh if you're logging in please make sure that uh you're you're you're muted and if you got you know. World.

War. III going on in the background it's not disturbing any of our other folks okay. I want to. I want to welcome everybody who's joining us from the zoom from.

YouTube into. Zoom. I hope you guys are enjoying the show. So far uh let me go ahead and close this.

Loop on um. I don't. I don't judge how people find this because a lot of times in in the vast majority of cases the reason people find us isn't the reason they stay they come in looking for a specific type of answer and they usually get it right. And once they have that answer they see all the other things that are available and they just kind of like.

Stella they start watching video after video after video and. I love that. I love that about this community. I love this about you guys.

But what interest what's the the most interesting and fascinating and perhaps the most fulfilling thing that. I see when people come to the live events or they come to the healing intensives and they start on this path and they're coming to maybe to learn how to get late or they're coming to learn how to find. Mr. Wright.

Or they're coming how to get over their pain and their s or whatever reason the person they are at the beginning of the event is not the person they are by the end of it and that causes a chain reaction of personal growth in people and it's exciting because people come in if you think of maso's pyramid right. Survival sex right. They come in at they come in trying to find the answers for these and they and they start getting them and applying them. But in the process of applying those transformations to their lives they start to change and they start going up that pyramid towards that self-actualization right.

And it's it's fascinating to watch um and. So. I. I don't judge how people got here.

God knows. I. I some of the most powerful things. I ever learned were from the sexuality and the dating and and and seduction niches uh and some of my most powerful therapeutic techniques have roots in that world right.

It's just like a. Lotus a. Lotus is a seed that grows in the mud and in this in the muck and. Then this flower grows up out of it right.

And and that's what. I see. So many times is. So.

I don't judge now if you're going out and taking this technology out into the world and using it to to you know directly hurt. I directly hurt people and not creating a win-win situation that. I can't. I don't condone and and that's going to reap its own.

Karma right. But by and large if you follow our our approaches and and the the way we move through the world it's never necessary to do any of that you can get everything you want just by showing other people how to get what they want making them feel ridiculously good. But if there comes a time when you have to protect yourself those skills are available to you right. So uh let me go through my uh.

I gotta look. At. I got. I gotta check in on my.

YouTubers here really quick. So um let's see here if there's any good questions on our. YouTube. So uh ether art e.

Arch says being old just means they haven't found you yet okay. Uh let's see here here um where can. I get those spectacles. DJ.

I got those on. Amazon of all places right. Um. Kathy evanov says.

I can't believe. I only just found you. I believe it. Kathy um blute says about dating how to make women experience strong feelings and how to avoid the friend zone three magic questions criteria emotional bonding and vibing that'll get it faster than anything.

Lo solo says only. Sith operate in absolutes and. DJ says you're absolutely correct. Ro okay.

There's a little bit of conversation going on in there uh let me see if there's any people in my waiting room do. I have people in the waiting room no. I don't see. I think we only got 14.

I'm gonna post for those of you who want to come see me uh go ahead and there's the zoom link go ahead and come on in. L. Brenan says was 33 in the year 1985. LLB.

Dr. D okay. Not sure what that's about. But uh.

So the chosen one says uh can you explain how to use the. CPI model for manifesting like you say hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh and how would you get in rapport with being someone that makes $10,000 or $10 million okay.

So the mechanics of. Rapport don't change the only thing that changes is your target. So if. I'm going to get if.

I want to become uh if. I want to manifest using uh the. CPI model the. First thing.

I got to do is. I got to control my. I got to know my outcome. I got to.

I got to know what. I want and how. I'm getting it. Second thing is.

I got to control my state which means. I've got to take take an inventory of where my current state is and what state. I need to be in to be more effective in manifes okay. The.

Next thing. I need to do is is using use my language skills to program my mind in a certain way now sometimes that's talking to the individual sometimes that's talking to higher source sometimes it's talking to your own unconscious mind. But it still involves communication and. Then you've got to manage that state what does that mean okay.

This is the state. I need this is the state. I'm in this is the state. I need to be in this is the state of the thing.

I want what does it feel like to have that what does it feel like to be that and how do. I create that bridge and when if. I can in my mind and in my imagination. Envision that and imagine a bridge from that result flowing into me like an energetic bridge and just getting deep level rapport with that you have the beginnings of what is commonly referred to in closed door metaphysical circles as deity magic right.

Uh the other way to do it is to go into image cycle right. And and generate as much of a positive. State as you can okay. Um if you want to add more juice to that tap into your emotional needs for why you want it.

So we we go when we go to our webinars we have tons of webinars on how to reprogram some conscious mind weapons of social seduction um secrets of human. INF say. I'll talk about the emotional motivation checklist your emotions at this level of of your training at this level of your understanding emotions are a source of power for you and. So if you can tap into those emotional desires that will release a huge amount of energy that you can use for manifestation okay.

So that in a very quick and easy way is how you can use the. C model for manifestation um let me see here. DJ says. DTI with.

Jack. Sparrow that works it does all right. One more one more okay. We people are starting to jump to the line.

So breakup ended by me three months ago. I'm stuck in constant rumination always thinking about her green green bring exercise and help okay. You need to. Magic.

Frame that okay. AP uh you need to go point to where you feel it reach out touch it put a big big frame around it white it out write the lessons that need to happen close it down move it behind you nail it back there what you might want to do also is actually run yourself through the uh resistance removal protocol. First or have somebody else run you through it and. Then do the magic frame or sandwich them both do the magic frame do the resistance removal protocol and.

Then. Magic. Frame again and. Then in it and.

I think you'll wind up uh you'll break that cycle really strongly um. So. Blue's asking what if the women that. I'm already trying to date.

I've already talked to her know about her passions and 3 no. 3mq is never going to be repetitive people never get tired of talking about themselves that's the beauty of it they'll talk for hours about the same thing right. And think you're the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met one of the biggest challenges that a lot of people have with our. Technologies is that it's the same from dating to teaching to negotiation to mediation to therapeutic interventions our.

Frameworks don't change. But the way those. Frameworks. Express themselves look.

Different to the untrained eye right. Um it's like. Systema. Systema is a martial art that doesn't have a lot of technique.

So much as it has drills and principles that it works with. So you punch a guy uh using. Systema he'll respond one way you. P you throw that what you think is the exact same punch at the.

Systema guy he'll move in a completely different way because there's no. Such thing as the same punch right. And you can throw a 100 punches at him and he won't defend it the same way one or twice because he's and and it'll look. Like he's doing something different every time.

But in reality they're doing the same thing every time they're following an algorithm or a formula that yields a product that looks different. But is a result of the same formula okay. And. So again um our.

Protocols are a lot like this once you have these conversational. Frameworks and these hardcore principles of human influence you can apply them in any number of ways and you're doing the same things over and over and over again. But they look. Different because context is different because the words are different because the person is different you will feel like you're doing the same thing over and over and over again and that makes you feel weird because it shouldn't be that simple it shouldn't be that cut and dry there should be more variation and the truth is that what we've given you what in my in my humblest of humble opinions uh which is to be to be not humble.

But confident and certain is the most powerful way for one human being to communicate with one human being most desirable way for one human being to communicate with another human being. But it's all based on their perspective not yours right. And if you make it about the other person they'll wind up making it about you even if it's about them it's a really interesting um and beneficial. Paradox that we play with right.

Uh. Kendra is asking a question let me take a look. Here. Kendra how would you use this like in a court hearing to have the outcome work in your favor okay.

So where in what part of the courtroom process are we are we are we in are we in jury selection are are we in deposition are we in closing arguments where are we in this process closing okay. So uh there's a lot of things in in closing in closing you would want to use a lot more reframes you would want to use a lot more um actually probably reframes and if you're talking to a jury or you're talking to uh the judge you would want to do as much homework on those people as you could legally. So you would know what their values are and you want to link what you want them to do to the to the elements in your closing argument. So the more you know about emotional bonding uh the more you know about resistance removal protocol uh the more you understand what we call the the.

Fantastic for which is embedded commands quotes patterns analog markings and. IU shifts uh the more effective you're going to be from a linguistic perspective statewise you you want to start being able to emanate your proprioceptive awareness to them and start emanating feelings of trust belief conviction certainty uh comfort and liking to them. So these are things that we there's a there's a whole process that we train you in it in in the. CPI system and the killer influence system to be able to do those things um and.

I have um some of my students. I have about 35 personal injury attorneys that. I know of that are using the system and they're just dominating in the. Cor room um.

But it's based on they're doing a lot of things both in vad dire in deposition uh in. Cross things of that nature. So um. I hope that helps if you don't have those skills and by all means grab stealth.

CPI or uh killer influence version one and. Then get um and if you can. Then get. Renegade reframing that's that's probably really good place to start um also for for.

Kendra um getting our getting our training on story workor might be really really powerful for you if you can tell stories in your closing right. Or or small vignettes in the closing you can embed things within the story. But you got to be careful uh with a lot of the sexy stuff from. NLP because a lot of it a lot of uh a lot of lawyers are trained in that stuff uh and if they catch you doing it they may call you on it okay.

So um the state control stuff is impossible to catch um reframing very powerful and and highly recommended story workor completely powerful if you can tell stories without flagging yourself um let's see here okay. So. Nolan's asking you mentioned in a previous video that there's no. Such thing as hypnosis because everything is hypnosis that's me um paring a.

PHA a little game that bandler and grindler used to play one would stand up and say there's no. Such thing is hypnosis the other person will say no. That's not true everything is hypnosis and they just argue back and forth and it's true enough to be true most people can't really. Define hypnosis each.

School of hypnosis and hypnotherapy has their own definition. But actually one of the reasons that that hypnosis hasn't been legislated or or highly regulated in this country is because nobody can really. Define it. I'm sorry.

I didn't me to it's all right. Type your type your type your question because we want to keep it a little bit more orderly here uh. So seus is asking. I want to use.

State control for making new friends. But. I have never felt felt loved before. So.

I think. I can't do. State. Control oh that's horeshit right.

Here's the. M here's the workaround if you've ever if you ever want to tap into a state that you don't feel like you've ever had before it's a very simple it's a very simple workaround you just ask yourself a different question what might that be like what might that be to feel totally loved what might that be like and practice feeling that way how might. I stand if. I felt that way how might.

I breathe if. I felt that way right. What would it be like for me to be to feel loving towards another person and what would it be like to be on the end on the receiving end of that okay. There's there's there's a mechanism in all of you folks and you'll learn about it when you come to uh identity by.

Design regression vibrational healing unleashing the magic uh anything that has a a therapeutic well that's said not true. INF we teach it in influence do just not the same way uh anything that that deals with dialoguing with your own nervous system and that's called the sematic search engine okay. Just like we have. Google right.

Your your body has its own search engine and the name of it is. TLS no. TDS. I'm sorry trans derivational search we call it the sematic search engine and if you understand how to ask questions to your own nervous system and you have the key to interpreting the answer.

Then you can make any change you want if you can ask the if you can conceive of it name it and describe it or ask it you can create it and the magic way to do that especially if it's an experience you've never had is to ask yourself a very different question what might that be like what might that be like and imagine it and you'll find very very quickly that things will start to pop oh wait hold on we got some people um. So. I've done. Magic.

Frame that isn't that it isn't helping we do resistance grief is normal yes. In fact you you need to clear you need to let that grief process uh because if you don't process the grief fully you try to hurry it along that can cause the overthinking issue that you're thinking about that that's bothering you because what's. H see what happens is you have two different sets of processes going on when it comes to emotion or or events you have have the conscious expectation of what that's supposed to be like and. Then the unconscious processing of it.

So let's use grief as an example or lost let's say that you know we we we lose someone we love like maybe they passed away a pet passed away or whatever and you have a job right. You you go to work every day right. Uh and you don't have the luxury of necessarily working from home right. And when when you take a bereavement leave or something like that right.

And. So you get two three four weeks off from work to process and get ready to come back to work. But if you're like most people sometimes the time we're given isn't the time it takes and. So what happens is your conscious mind says okay.

I've gone through this loss it happened here. I have four weeks to get over this and. Then get back to my life well week three and a half rolls around and you're still deep into it like deep deep right. So what happens is your conscious mind starts trying to make it happen faster tries to push it along it tries to get you back into being functional right.

You know from the conscious mind's perspective. I have four months right. And again that's probably generous for most bant things. But we'll go with that.

But your unconscious mind says it's going to take you a year buddy it's going to take us a year to process all this out. So four months in you're only 7 you're only 25 % done. But you have to go back to work and you you do things like. I can't think about this anymore.

I have to put this behind me and. So you find ways to distract yourself you ignore it you stuff it you you repress it for every unit of energy that remains unprocessed in your body you need an equal greater amount of energy to keep it there and part of the pro part of the. Dynamics of your unconscious mind is to hold these things temporarily in storage until your conscious mind can go back in unpack the event fully. Express the emotion and get the lessons from it.

But if you never finish that process it just stays there and it's like this this video on an endless loop and every now and. Then you come across something in your external environment that is similar to what's spinning down here or you're not doing anything specific that requires your conscious attention at any given moment and all of a sudden it looks up you and goes oh he's not doing anything maybe we can. Finally deal with this and it's and it brings it back up out of nowhere you've all had this experience driving down the road bright. Sunny day like it is outside now right.

Happy as a clam music's playing right. And. Then a shitty memory from when you were seven pops up now do you go pulling off to the side of the road throw that puppy in park turn the key off put an emergency break on and go diving in to deal with that negative emotion or do you do this you turn the radio up louder you hit the gas you go ye right. That's what we do we run away from it we try to distract ourselves deny it repress it shift the blame for it we do everything.

But deal with it and. So many times when when we throw a monkey wrench into that mechanism that the. Universe programmed into. US you'll get these recurrent thoughts because you haven't processed invented the emotional charge you haven't extracted the lessons and it especially happens if you try to rush the grieving process.

I had a uh someone reached out to me the other day. I think. I think it might have been fact she's on here. Nisha um asked me a question very similar to what you were asking she had just she had just had can is it okay.

For me to talk about this. Nisha uh yes. David that's okay. She asked me about using.

Magic. Frame and uh color breathing and spinning for grief she had just lost she just gone through a loss and it only been a day or two and. I said no. You have to you have to give that process that that that emotion a chance to work its way through your system because that's what your systems that's how your system is supposed to handle it now.

I get that we have places to go and people to see and things to do and blah blah blah blah that take care of yourself. First take care of your body let give your body the chance to do what. God programmed it to do and. Then if there if it's if it goes beyond a reasonable amount of time now bring in your techniques right.

Because the problem is is when somebody's just gone through a loss they're on the verge of losing control of their at any given moment and our techniques work as long as the person can follow the instructions. I had one. I. I learned this the hardest the hardest of hard ways when.

I was in medical school the. First time um. I had a a really good friend of mine her name was. Cynthia and she was in love with this guy and one day.

I get a call and she's just devastated he broke up he left and everything she all her plans for the future were gone and she goes can you hypnotize me to get over this to over it was like an hour she couldn't she couldn't string two coherent thoughts together long enough to to to tap into anything it was too raw it was too strong she hadn't given herself the opportunity to go through that grief resolution process okay. So when we're going through breakups and things like that there there may be times when you could. First of all there are things you can do in that moment. But not those right.

Change your posture change your breathing step back to. So step out of your own body look. At the feelings go. Meda to it there's there's things you can do provided that you have the presence of mind and the ability to control your your cognition which by the way is why we teach physi physiological.

State. Control separately from cognitive. State control because if you're your physiology is in chaos you can't access your thinking you you your butt. Puck as as one of my beloved crazy mentors used to say your butt puckers up and your brains drop out.

So you got to get your physiology in control. First and it's always posture and breathing ala am. Cy and variations of that and. Then you can access your cognitive skills and do all the other things that we teach you your physiology has to be.

Rock. Solid okay. I hope that helps um person paid a lot of money for that answer. So.

I'm going to give it to him um. So. Laura is saying uh was 33 in the year 1985. I.

Finally learned to go into a feel-good state within eight minutes from. Dr. David awesome uh. Killian says how does your nervous system communicate with you there's something we call the six dynamics of an unconscious response write these down.

I'm going to say them three times out loud if you miss it you miss it otherwise you got to go back and watch the webinars a your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up uh always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear. Last time with feeling unconscious mind always answers.

First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear okay. If you apply when you start dialoguing with your own unconscious mind and you say well where did this start. First thing that pops up is the right. Answer it will take you exactly where you need to go the moment you catch yourself saying that can't be right.

Or that's not it or what. I meant was that's your critical faculty your. Neo cortex the wrong part of your brain trying to take over the show the part of your the part of you that's shortcutting your grieving process is the part of you that's now trying to to wrap a story around the data from the deep unconscious. So you go in a completely different direction you have to be true to those six.

Dynamics they will never steer you wrong they will. I. I promise you if you follow it you will always get to the root of a cause faster if if you're if you're a therapist right. And you see clients teach them this before you do anything else and you will have an amazing session for a lot of reasons just teach it to him right.

Um. Maddie says as someone who knows 3mq and. Echo. I notice when someone is using it on me.

I dislike it. I do enjoy the conversation there we go this also happened when. I didn't know the 3mq why am. I getting irritated well here's what.

I would do think of think of um the. First time you ever felt that way and who was it with right. And unpack that experience because if you know the person's echoing you and they're doing it from a sincere place and you're. But you're liking the conversation.

Then they're triggering a memory of something might have been a time when somebody was echoing you in a more mimick um uh teasing kind of way like they're they're they're mocking you right. And you're you're still got you still got a charge connected that that's 99% of the time that's the case. Okay. Um.

So. Kathy is asking as a new hypnotist what is a good meditation or frame of mind before. I do a session okay. Kathy.

I don't know what your skill sets are. I don't know what your background is um. I teach people if they don't have any energetic or meditation training. I teach them the gray room themselves or color breed themselves and do a safe place induction on themselves before they go see uh a client um if you are into meditation there's a process we call pulling down the heavens 1 through 10 three divine invoc that just supercharges your energy amplifies your voice and and puts these really powerful uh.

Shields against negative energy around you um and for people who want to learn that um. I me. I'm thinking about doing an actual uh energy energy. Mastery coaching program how many people here would be interested in something like that it would be like a a weekly class that gets together again it's not going to be free obviously.

But how many people would be interested in something along those lines. I would okay. All right. If you are interested be by all means uh leave a comment um below this video or and and or email me because uh.

I have. I'm. I'm gonna kind of model it after the the program. I learn.

I just came out of. So it'll be about a two two or $300 a month charge it'll be four times a month uh one to two hours a week with homework. So that that's kind of what. I'm looking at right.

Now. But. I don't want to commit to that unless. I've got enough people to make it worth my while right.

So the more people. I know are worth it um and. Then we'll get you on an email list and we'll do some we'll do some meetings about it go over the parameters of that things of that nature um energy and meditations and are going to start playing a little bit more of an active role in what we do we're not going to move away from influence by any stress the imaginations. I want you to think of energetics as a force multiplier of all the thing other things that we're doing face reading uh influence and persuasion dating seduction uh manifestation everything that.

I'm going to be bringing into. Planet. David going forward doesn't replace that stuff at all in fact you need this stuff to make this even better. But these are.

Force multipliers this is the things that we're going to be bringing in are. GNA amplify and and qu and multiply every the power of everything you're doing right. It's gonna it's the neong the inner teachings right. Uh the really secret stuff behind the techniques for that that matter like.

State control is kind of our neong if you have. State. Control down you can own just about any room that you're in. But.

State control is the one thing you won't see on a. YouTube video it's our secret socks. So how many people here have been to killer influence or. CPI live if you have post if you have.

Post in the chat what that. State control training was like right. And what it would allowed you to do and stuff like that it's crazy right. Um all right.

So let me go back um for those of you who want to join us. I have to jump out by the way. I have to jump out hard at uh like 3:30 340 because. I have to take my daughter to her our es screamer lesson.

But uhh if you guys are enjoying this uh with the zoom part right. Where. I have people come in um let me know and we'll do more right. We'll do more uh let me see let me go back to the people who actually in.

Zoom um. So. I answered severus's question. Stella uh.

I will get to you if. I have time. I just want to make sure that the other people who are asking questions have have their chance um no. One's asked a couple of questions already.

So and by the way if you did ask a question here and. I did not answer it. I promise you this. I will go back through the chat when.

Zoom finishes processing this video and. I will actually type your answers um in the comment section below this. Live on. YouTube.

So. I promise you that. I will not ignore your question if. I don't get to it.

But. I'm running. I'm literally running two chats plus you folks here in in the room at the same time. So um.

I just want to make sure that um thank you. David. I appreciate it you're welcome all right. Um.

So. Siri is asking hi. Dr. David.

I'm curious about how and why we are drawn to different colors and how that can shift like since. Last. Autumn. I've felt drawn to.

Pigeon blue indigo and still love it. But since months. I felt the strong draw towards. Orange like the other culas like the one and today you are wearing a shirt in such a lovely okay.

So great question amazing answer the colors we choose on a on on a given day or over a certain period of time are the nutrients our. Energy. System needs. So for those of you coming to regression.

Next month you're going to see this in. Spades when people come in for a session and we're doing color breathing or holonomic regression which is all color or energy or color based 50% of the time we're better the color they need to resolve their trauma is the one they're wearing 50% of the time or better the colors that wind up resolving their stuff is the colors they're wearing sometimes more right. And. So when you choose certain colors there's a certain frequency range and a set of attributes connected to that color or that those that range of colors that your system is looking for like a like a vitamin supplement and.

So that'll balance it sometimes that is also the predominant color in our. Aura. So you're going to get two ways this can be it can either be something you need or something you're already emanating a lot of and. So you feel the a rapport with that.

But my experience has been more often than not it's something we need it's something we need and our unconscious mind at a deep level at a soul level a spirit level understands that and. So that's why we choose the colors that we choose um. So janette's asking how do. I teach a client about the unconscious mind.

So. Janette if you can uh turn your camera off or turn your camera on and explain. I don't know what that means. I need a little bit more context.

I know you're here in the chat. So oh maybe she jumped out oh there she is he. Janette. So can you uh can you turn it unmute yourself and and give me a little bit more background on this question hi.

Dr. David uh yeah. I'm. I'm a therapist myself and um like what what tools would.

I use to help. I often say to the client to listen to their. First voice is the. First voice that's within them that is speaking to them because that's your intuitive voice that's your survival voice that's your thing.

But. I guess sometimes um when someone's really have lived a life where they've experienced a lot of gaslighting or they're in domestic violence and things like that they say. I don't know who they don't know how to listen to their voice um because they've been reliant on listening to their partner's voice it's really entrenched like it's really really um. I just can really feel the challenge as a therapist when.

I'm working with clients from domestic violence backgrounds and stuff okay. So the question you ask is how do. I teach a client about the unconscious mind. So uh and the question you just gave me is a very different one.

So. I'm which is the real question. I'm on my phone trying to ride at the same time and. I don't even.

So when we talk about inner dialogue okay. Um we can talk about the unconscious mind. So the unconscious mind when we're born is like this big sponge it's like a hard drive with no. Information it just wants information and it grabs a hold of information that comes in from the outside and it uses it to create what we perceive reality to be right.

Um if a person has been gone through a lot of domestic abuse they've taken external information and because their sense of self and identity has been. So weakened and crippled and and and and downsized what tends to happen is they start to take on the other person's value system as a way to um as as their sense of self right. And. So that they internalize those voices and.

So there's there's a couple of ways that you can fix that or neutralize it one of the ways that we do it and do you have our identity by. Design program at all. I think. I got it some time ago.

But. I have to buy it or do do it again it was ages ago. So go to identity by. Design and spefic specifically.

I want you to focus on four techniques um actually three um actually a bunch of techniques safe place induction. First and foremost. Magic. Frame color breathing and energy spin okay.

So those are the those are the those are your you're going to be your your. Staples now for this particular situation there's a technique it's the fourth or fifth technique fourth technique in. The. Silo called voice of authority and the.

First half of that technique is completely neutralizing and. DEP potentiating the bad voices just taking them out and turning them into. Donald. Duck's.

Voice or completely turning them off yes. Okay. So that that's the. First part the.

Second part of that technique is installing the perfect voice the voice of love and authority and protection the voice that always tells them all the very best things about themsel and why they deserve it and why they should go for it and what to avoid and all those things it's an extremely powerful technique okay. Because we. I discovered very early on that that internal dialogue that running dialogue in our head is one of the primary drivers of what we can or cannot achieve in this life and the moment you change a person's internal dialogue everything else ships. So a voice of authority is going to be your jam yeah okay.

And. Then run them through the entire identity by. Design sty once you've once you've cleared out using whatever modalities you have if you have regression training highly recommend that um if not use whatever whatever modalities you have to clear out and get them to a nice. Ste steady state and.

Then run them through the entire identity by. Design. Silo. So that they can reconstruct their own sense of self and identity to what they want it to be and.

Then you need to make sure that you get them out of those environments and those situations that are related to the old patterns yes. Thank you. So much you're welcome helpful thank you thank you thank you and let me know how it goes thank you okay. All right.

Um. Paul says. I have a neurom mist and want to know where to put it for neuroplasticity well that's easy what do you want to do. I think you asked me this question already.

I don't remember getting the answer because it was during the class you probably need more neuroplasticity. Then probably all right. So if you want to amplify your. Martial.

Arts your ability to learn martial arts thank you. Michael appreciate it um sensory motor cortex. So top of the ears to to the the byway. So any place in here that you run the electrodes uh will will stimulate that cortex okay.

If you do other types of learning. Then you would want to use the. DARPA protocol which is left temple right. Temple left shoulder or left left temple right.

Shoulder right. Uh and use alternating current use alternating current alternating okay. And that's going to be for like my schooling and your schooling use. D for school use.

DARPA use the. DARPA protocol for martial arts use the. Sentry motor cortex okay. Thank you all right.

Um let's go to our. Last. YouTube check in. So toor.

KV says hi. Dr. Schneider such luck to have you alive. I think.

So. I'd like to be alive. I think it's lucky greetings from. Bulgaria greetings back.

Bulgaria. God bless uh. Len says the energy thing sounds amazing. I'm interested okay.

So how should. I uh says how should. I approach my crush at. Uni we don't have courses together um do you guys already know each other if you already know know each other just go up and say hi if you don't introduce yourself and and compliment them on something nobody else has complimented them on um that's not obvious okay.

You got to go up start with again make positive eye contact in a place where they're not rushing off to the restroom or they don't have some other place to be necessarily make positive eye contact uh introduce yourself and launch into three magic questions and that will get the ball rolling and. Then it's up to you to go from there um. Manfred did you have a question you keep turning on your camera oh you're good okay. You guys having fun is this is this fun.

Manford says before. Dr. David leaves thank you very much and have a wonderful day you're very welcome. I got a few minutes yet trust me leaving you guys is one of the hardest things to do it really is um.

I. I really. I really enjoy spending time with you guys uh and that's why. I'd like to encourage you.

I'm. GNA in the. Next probably week or. So.

I'm going to be putting our 2025 calendar um and. I'd like to see as many of you in person as humanly possible. I know we're a little pricey sometimes uh. But you you deserve it you're worth it.

So invest in yourself and come on out um for those of you who are into the martial arts and into energy we have a a really cool training coming up in. October it's called secrets of internal power you can go to the website and see a little bit about that we also have a. Facebook. Group um if you guys want to access to that um we can do that.

I'll be putting up a new letter describing what we've got coming up for this year uh shortly uh and uh. So yeah. So janette's asking will you be coming to. Australia again.

Janette. I plan on coming to. Australia. But.

I do not have any definitive dates on when that would be. I really loved my. Last visit to. Australia um it was just uh it's it's a lot to get there you guys know because you come here all the time right.

Uh. But yes. We do. But.

I just don't. I just don't know when that's going to be. So let me see if. I missed any questions and by the way if you guys are enjoying this please like and share um the more uh the more stuff the more people who know about us uh the more of these.

I'll do like. I said you guys are my my extended family and uh. I. I truly want to thank you and and and let you know how grateful.

I am for your trust and and loyalty in in learning these. Technologies and and using them in a way to make your lives better and by extension everyone that you meet okay. Um. I see.

Stella says come to. Europe uh actually. I just got an invite from the. Irish hypnosis convention.

So there's a very good possibility. Next. April. I'll be in.

Ireland. Dublin specifically uh let me look. At. Lita says play for nothing bad as.

God bless you and your family thank you. So much for that um. So bl's asking could you explain the checklist with regards to dating okay. Here's here's the here's the.

I'm giving this to blute in the context of dating. But. I'm giving it to all of you in the context of life the universe and everything everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of the question becomes how do they get that feeling well for every situation or circumstance that you can conceive of your nervous system your deep unconscious mind your. Shen to use a.

Chinese term has a checklist an idealized version of what constitutes the ideal perfect anything and it has a list of check marks that it's moving through the world projecting out into the world and calibrating who fits it. So if you've ever heard the the the term projection is perception or perception is projection it's functionally true human beings are constantly projecting their internal checklist onto the external world and looking for the matches. But it goes beyond that not only are they looking for that they are embodying that and what that means is they will do to other people what their checklist says is the ideal way for them to have something done to them. So if.

I if. I if the way. I calibrate being comforted is someone walking up to me and touching my arm this way and exact this place if. I'm moving through the world and.

I see someone who needs. Comfort. I'm going to go up to them and. I'm going to touch them just like that on them in that location because that's how.

I do it. So that must be how you do it projection is perception perception is projection the checklist is all about having the eyes. To see and the ears to hear what people are projecting through their through their actions their behaviors their beliefs and their words and. Then just reflecting it back to them in the way that they can perceive it if you can do that effectively.

Then everyone you meet will fall head over heels for you in one in one form or another not always romantically. But they will feel like you really get them like you understand them because you're giving them everything that matches their. IDE their own personal internal ideal it will feel weird from your perspective because it's not not your projection it's theirs and the more you can. Echo back their projections the more they will cleave to you the more they will bond to you it's the most powerful force that we have as a human being okay.

And the more you can leverage it the more influence you have in any situation okay. So does that help folks cool guys asking how do you find out when we're doing a live call well usually. I'll send out an email or sometimes. I'll just randomly pop up on my.

YouTube channel on a holiday weekend without my vest and show up all right. So for those of you who are interested in in any of the energy trainings um that we've got coming up the coaching program when. I launch it things of that nature make sure you type your name and um again you might want to email me personally. So that your email is not out there for the public.

But. I need some kind of contact information from you. So. I can get you guys in a database.

So. I'm not wasting you know spamming people on on things they're not interested in. So if you guys are interested in that if you're interested in the martial arts training we've got coming up secrets of internal power which is all energizing for. Mark for self-defense and really cool stuff um let us know um and uh if you're interested in one-on-one coaching or or session work with either myself or some of my trained.

Associates uh reach out at 858 282 4663 or email. Moss at. NLP power.com. So for those of you guys in the in the zoom room it's uh 858 282 4663 or.

Moss nlpp power.com that's all. I got time for guys. I love you have a great. Labor day.

I'll see you uh. September 3rd we have a webinar hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

So for those of you who are interested in mastering your manifestation skills join us at 3M. Pacific for hidden. Laws of. Attraction webinar and we'll have more great stuff for you good night love youall.

God bless.
