Title: AG9Qm7vmQ38.txt
Video Id: AG9Qm7vmQ38
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AG9Qm7vmQ38

It's okay. With the rest of your life get your meat. So my guys really make that face or say. Bob get down with your forehead.

Sigma what do you know. Robert. I we're all alone she's a doctor yeah you turned me [Music]. No.

All right. So we started we ended yesterday with a little bit of some body center didn't theory. But that's definitely not all there is to it. But you guys had a pretty vivid experience of what that can be like remember that these processes that we're doing it for at the risk of oversimplifying it they're not psychological they're mechanical you don't got to believe it you just got to do it and if you do it with absorption and focus you're going to get a very significant result the only thing we can't predict his degree in duration in other words we don't we don't know how many reps it's going to take some people go from a level 9 to a zero one fell swoop some people do it incrementally right.

Sometimes it goes away and never comes back sometimes it goes away it comes back when it goes away and comes back usually means there's some other stuff that needs to be cleaned up that's why they didn't err ology brought it back. So you just extract those lessons and the system says ok. We'll let you go now ok. But this is you know there's just a couple of different ways today can go and it's largely your day.

So what's today's date the 27th okay. I. Dave five. Matthew what do you want to learn today what do you want what would you like to discuss or talk about okay.

Yeah mr. Paul um. I'd like to do the non verbal portion here at the body language proxemics yeah stuff like that okay. You were looking at my notes no.

That's my little is. I know that just testing we're doing this to the microphone. So. I can the folks at home can hear if we ever release this video which probably won't happen that's right.

I don't know if it's even a thing in hypnosis. But it would be something like using the word besides in it. So if you say to someone what do you like about sports besides golf it seems like when you do that it pulls them into golf. I mean it's like it directs their mind to golfing even though the question is about what else do you like mm-hmm and it's just something.

I've noticed that. I've done a couple times where when you do that. So is that a type of sentence structure eiders well obviously it's a type of sentence structure the button isn't useful for what you wouldn't do what are you trying to do what am. I trying to do well.

I happen to use it the question. I asked a woman was what do you like about men or was something like how our men useful to you other than or besides sex mm-hmm they started with taking out the trash mowing the lawn yeah. But. Then the.

Next day she seemed sexually attracted to me. I'll graduate as though it yeah because most most most women look. At men as having a sexual agenda and. So when you take sex off the table they're very they feel feel free to put it back on that's why when you're in when you're out dating the.

Last thing on a man's mind should be sex talk about anything and everything else that has it's not sexual and you're gonna find out that within a very short time she starts sending signals because hey you're going off code and one of the problems is that men because we're very linear we tend to be very blunt when it comes to sexuality. So we'll use words like balls and and dick and do all these things women don't do that at least not in they're not externally they use double entendres they speak in metaphors about the same thing and. So what's that maybe maybe yeah. But you gotta send this there they won't they won't say those words out loud in front of a man you know especially someone there on a date with and.

So you have to take them off you have to be completely like you have to active you have to be the woman and actively avoid it because when you actively avoid it. Then she feels more comfortable bringing up the subject or hinting at it and it'll always be hints. I usually miss those yeah most guys do welcome to man club this is the advanced class. So.

But this is the and yet if you send up and. I'm listening to have women talk about sex versus how men talk about sex and. I'm talking about bata strippers or pet house letters. I'm talking about in general they are never directed they're never plumbed it's always you know if you look.

At some of the language that you can kind of you can kind of get a little bit of it from from. Glee a little bit of the approach from romance novels when they talk about genitalia or things like that they always say her sex or her manhood his manhood or if it's never a early unless it's one of those real hardcore. But it's always those softer you know more nebulous kinds of words that would mean other things. But you've it.

Then. So you have to understand that that's how they communicate and it's when they get communicated that way that they're feel the filling all the the naughty blank is in their own head in the more general context saying. But what about this besides that is a way to call attention to that well clearly called attempted pretending to call attention away from it also presupposes that she's actually interested in sex before you. XY before we talk about having sex what else are you good for the same thing it's it's what it's a spaceship it's a spatial version of the before you.

XY all right. But you got to be careful because if you don't if you don't place your variables properly you're gonna wind up with something you weren't counting on alright. But that's all really that's all it really is it's a presupposition and if they buy into one half pretty supposition. Then the other part goes along with it end up with something well let's say for example like let's say you weren't interested in sex right.

Let's say you weren't even like you just this person is not fit your your title it doesn't fit she doesn't fit your type you know she might make a good friend. But she's obviously putting off signs that maybe she's interested something else you say well besides sex what else feed you good for she's gonna think about sex a lot right. At the moment she starts answering all the other questions her neurology 'he's bought into the fact that she's good for sex and she's looking at you and she does it alright. So she starts creating she's creating all these weird you know all these internal representations and stuff right.

So again most of us are here to take we're doing these things all the time the problem is we don't think about how what we say creates people's internal representations or what the actual process inside the listeners mind is gonna be when it reaches them because we know what we think we mean which may be completely different than what the other person interprets what you sent and. Bray said people don't always do what you want. But they almost always do what you tell them here it is alright. There's nobody really home inside this is a no.

Actually there's usually more than one home. But they can't agree who's gonna answer the door yeah. So. I don't know if you know.

I don't know how. So we've explored that language pattern. But it's basically anytime you you you leave with something and tell them to ignore it it's like you know you can't you have to create it in order to ignore it right. So.

I need anything that fits that pattern it's got a clue it's gonna boom right. In some way okay. So what do you want. I would love to go over anything from page 113 to around 118 you know whether it's the.

C for tactic or just a dart in general if we can touch on that today those are the. Beasley. RT yeah that dirty dancer dirty rotten tricks yeah and another quick question though um in our. October course.

I just went over my notes yesterday and there was a process where we enlisted the criterion values. Then we calibrate. Then we install calibration what does that mean when calibration means paying attention to people's verbal and nonverbal responses and assigning and meaning to them. So that when they do it you know what you know what it means okay.

Right. In order to calibrate you have to have a baseline right. In the base. I mean what do they normally like because until you calibrate a baseline you can't calibrate deviance okay.

You guys who are in the security visits aren't doing any kind of kinesics or. BA power of lie detection you can't do any of that without a baseline you have high tech deviations from the baseline now out in the fitting out there's other ways to get a baseline well with that. I'll put a pin in that and come back to it. So that's a different course.

But all right. So. Holly you know and no. I want to know about my face you want to know about your face on the top of your neck and thank you yeah face reading okay.

Face reading and the radar a lot of other people. I want to read others him yep okay. You know we have a face reading certification coming up in. Vegas right.

Yeah okay. Just telling this just just put it out there right. Just saying okay. Dr.

Brian maybe we'll learn today we offer. Carter with nothing to say which is unusual. I've been waiting all week for that yeah. I'm stunned let me let me let me let other people go and.

I'll go with you okay. Other people go ahead. I have two topics in mind if that's okay. Mm-hmm.

I'm kind of torn between the storytelling and military great social engineering military grades social engineering between the folks from. Kuwait and the folks from. Russia. I'm starting to wonder who.

I'm training okay. So is there a specific application that you had in mind in terms of military grade social engineering. I just want you get my feet wet. So eventually pursue probably.

CPI for okay. CPI for is story presentation skills right. Oh. I'm sorry.

I think it was another class that they have in mind. But you mentioned about that okay. Well that would be. CPI two or three okay.

Okay. Did. I spell your name right. Is it an.

NADH a li a okay. The way you hear it the way. I hear it okay. Well you haven't you got you should be inside my head here some of this alright.

So okay. That's interesting let's pass it to. Heather or. TJ what do you learn sure and always count on him to rule give me some really good direction.

So. I also like storytelling reading sorry telling it face reading pass it to the big mouth body language and just basically body language okay. Body language. Robert well.

I want to say thank you. Last night. I got a cool compliment for my girlfriend did yeah yeah she was saying that in the short amount of time that. I've known.

I've only known her a month uh-huh and she was like. I feel like. I she said. I feel like.

I know you better than or you know me. But man that you met her didn't you well is the echo and the three magic questions. I didn't know. I was even doing the three magic questions.

But kind of sneaked you you know me better than my husband did for 11 years oh my god and. I was like that was pretty impressive what. So body language and storytelling and. I was wondering if we could do some programming for that that'd be cool programming for what the storytelling programming for storytelling you have to elaborate on that okay.

I'm having a hard time putting the sentences together for like the different language patterns okay. And if that was out of the equation we come easier. I think okay. I don't think that's really program you just need to understand the mechanics of it okay.

Okay. Steven. I'm definitely dirty right. I'm definitely down with the dirty rotten tricks and down with the art ease and the body language as well as language and the are to use.

But. I'd like to improve my memory concentration and learning abilities [Music] well everything that's up there plus a quick review of the temporal ordinal everything you're. So helpful everything that's been. Elizabeth and remote influence and profiling well.

I don't know that we'll do the remote influence. But you already have the foundations for that because if you can make people sway you know how to make me do okay. I just didn't know if there was like anything else in there oh there is oh yeah you have no. Idea.

Roz presentation skills okay. We go um. I'm having trouble with mm resistance removal protocol. I'm still in selling mode instead of you know old mm-hmm you know old patterns that need to be altered um also pretty much almost everything that's already listed um also if you could mention in luminescence and what your thoughts are and where you're at with that and.

Then maybe if we have time talk a little bit about. Bankston it's a full day all right. All of the above. I'd say this for me internal state management and influence influencing business outcome based situations influence business outcome based situations what does that mean influencing all influence and how become our influencing influencing yeah okay.

Well that's what the whole four days has been about. So. So again everything starts with knowing what you want to accomplish in the context. So we have to have a context that we have to have an outcome nothing matters until you have those two things okay.

Now thank you for your input now. I won't make an arbitrary decision as to what we're going to cover. But why don't you feel included and. I hope.

I've succeeded in helping you feel effect. I've included you before. I ignore everything you and. I asked me for know what.

I should get to a lot of this. But we're gonna do it in a in a specific sequence. So we have to have an outcome for everything. So.

I don't care if we're doing resistance removal. I don't care if we're doing body language whatever we got to know what we want we got a set of context we got to know what we want human beings are context-driven creatures we learn best in context which is one of the biggest challenges we had when we. First started developing these systems because we'd wanted them to be multi contextual context independent and the problem is that people can't if they can't contextualize they can't figure out if something's for them or not right. And.

So you have a very universal system like. CPI and it was like it's persuasion persuasion for what everything huh right. So you have the persuasion for business people persuasion for social applications persuasion for medical applications it's the same system with minor tweaks with the content. But it's the same structure and people get that much better right.

So. So let me just take a look. At what we've got here. So well the easiest thing to do is going to start with face reading.

So let's talk about that a little bit realizing we have a whole lot more that we can do with this okay. This is going to be the most immediately useful diagram up well there's actually more of it this is the emotional map of the face now for those of you who have spent any time in behavioral sciences world for any length of time you've heard of the man named dr. Paul. Ekman you've talked they've heard me talk about him and his books telling lies and emotions review motions you'll thank you and we talk about the emotional fractured period and dr. eggman was the person who discovered the concept of the phenomena known as micro expressions micro expressions are momentary facial fluctuations that happen when a human being is experiencing emotion they're trying to hide they only appear for a fraction of a.

Second. But they're very very specific as to the kinds of most emotions that the person is expressing or trying to conceal the problem is they don't tell you why they're having those emotions. So it only tells you it's it's just a diagnostic of what they're feeling. But not why they're feeling it it's very useful in deception detection as well.

But that is not this this would be the corollary this what you see here would be the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions every emotion that you have a remotion experience that you have marks your face okay. The. Chinese say when you're born is the closest you'll ever be to your original face the face you were before you took. On a body they say by the time you're in your 50s you've got the face you deserve because it's your emotional lifestyle your.

Trump that your trauma history how you hold on to a release or process emotions the way you've maintained your heavier internal health that determines what your face looks like and the face it just like everything else about human beings is holographic in nature that's why when you do face reading and face reading. I should tell you right. Now it has over 3,000 years of empirical research behind it. Chinese observational science and what we know and it's a very want one of the very.

First branches of. Chinese medicine we can diagnose your entire and set of internal organs from your face. I know how your lungs are doing. I know your stomach is doing your large intestine your small intestine your kidneys your liver your spleen your pancreas.

I could diagnose all of it of your face just like. I can diagnose your organs that can diagnose your emotions because there's correspondences each of the organ systems has a range of emotional experiences connected to it those emotional experiences also mark and manifest on the face and they mark and manifest in specific regions on the face and as. Elizabeth will tell you anybody said how many people have actually had those let's read their face this week right. It's extremely accurate.

So when. I teach this and in your books there's a whole section on cold reading you guys you guys have read your manuals. First time okay. Well there.

I know yeah those are the bullet points all right. So in your section on cold reading bow that whole section on cold reading predates my understanding of face reading and it's awesome because with cold reading skills you can walk up to somebody and they'll still swear you're psychic you can make inferences based on the weight of the clothing they're wearing the the way they're nodding or giving you unconscious movements that have a high degree of accuracy and what's and the reason we want to focus on cold reading and applications that are similar to that is because anytime you demonstrate internal knowledge of somebody that you couldn't possibly have or they couldn't think because they know they didn't tell you you gain more authority in their world the more authority you gain in a person's world the more compliant and suggestible they become. So at the end of the day the more you can tell somebody about themselves the more fascinated they're going to become the more open to suggestion they are when you add face reading. Chinese face reading into the mix your readings are no.

Longer cold you now have an accurate personality and temperament profiling methodology and if you understand the deeper aspects of it you can tell you know exactly what year they had major traumas when what years they're going to have major traumas you know how their primary decision-making style you know the ordering sequence to present the information in the way that's most conducive to them doing what you want you know if they're more if they're more true in their public life or more true in their private life okay. All of these things you can know from across the room yes. There are certain big number companies out there that are using artificial intelligence is to scan for facial facial patterns that lead that imply certain personality traits big one in. China recently discovered a 3 a 3 a 3 variable configuration on the face that indicates a high probability of criminal activity or tendency to criminal behavior another one recently.

I was another one that was found that there's a high correlation with the markings on your forehead to heart disease another one is finding grandiose narcissist by the shape and the thickness of the eyebrow. So these are all independent of each other that are finding that the face is showing us a whole bunch of stuff we didn't we never even realized was possible and yet part of us as practice is actually part of our unconscious mind is actually monitoring those at those areas and that's where we get feelings about people as well it's because those characteristics have a market have a meaning to the neurology that's archetypal within us and we respond to it ok. So when you start looking at people and it was you who are going into the therapy track this is also going to be extremely important when you start to look. At these markings you can start to tell people about themselves and they will become absolutely fascinated with you there will be they'll become oriented on you and many times you will trigger emotional releases in them depending on your application.

So. First thing we want to do when we look. At the face is we want to divide the face longitudinally okay. The right.

Side of the face is your public face the left side of the face is your private face when we look. At people most of us tend to be right. Eye dominant. So we tend to look.

At people's right. Sides of their faces through our right. Eye okay. How many people have that app facing how many people came to face reading was it only you that did you had it all right.

If you can go to your we'll take a break in a minute go to your go to yourself cellphones and find the the app face symmetry it will allow you to take a picture of yourself and actually superimpose both your left sides of your face together both of your right. Sides of your face together and what you're going to see is two completely different individuals okay. What the. Chinese discovered was that the right.

Side of your face is the face you show the world its facial symmetry and. So. I got the pink one well we take a ten minute break even. I'll do that and.

Then. I'll come back and do it over this. I'm sure they all wear many strings and ones for girls. But really these symmetry makers one you yeah the oh yes.

Sorry it's a natural yeah patience yeah they let's do it why is it dark in here dress. I'm on the close some of these officers like to take over and. I don't feel like weirded out why you did what go ahead if they should take your faces you see like in front let me find my face reading notes. I just have.

I have this on my web pick my my desktop well there are a bunch of them which site is this one right. Now even though it has not very good keep the drum reviews it doesn't need to be great it just needs to work that's that's why. I use facing. So when we look.

At health on the face that's what you get now. I don't teach this this way although. I could because. Chinese organize things by five elements which are archetypes of things and most of us don't have a background in.

Chinese medicine. So those those archetypes are rather than meaningless. So we're going to use a very different facial profiling approach that. I think is much more.

But friendly to the. Eastern month or the. Western mind. But if you want if you wanted to understand how to look.

At somebody interests and engage their overall health this is how you could look. At somebody the area is from the cheek the bridge of the nose here our lungs related reproductive organs and are at the philtrum intestines are around and on the lips kidney and bladders and the chin jaw bone liver kidneys are in the year below the eyes. Spleen is in the in the space of the eyelids here spleen and pancreas this is a place that you're gonna see a lot of markings happening okay. Now each of those is gonna have a range of emotions associated with it as well.

So when. I see it marking there. I'm gonna know one of two things right. Away they got a physical health problem or an emotional health problem there's no.

There's no. Gravy there's more gray area than that it's either at the psycho-emotional level or physical level mark missed everybody everybody has wrinkles. But they run different ways. So many times when you see a when you see an emotion line it's gonna be bird it's gonna be diagonal if you go back to the emotional map [Music] see how the vast majority of these things run in diagonals other lines you'll see our horizontal lines that cut directly across these are usually trauma lines you can these are hugely trauma lines trauma lines usually just cut when you look.

At somebody's here and you start to look. At you'll see like there's almost like little little divots taken out of the year those are trauma markers and they manifest from the inside out not the outside in. So you didn't get hit any here also yeah something happened and is his face marked at bat chronological correspondence in his life woman's life lines begin on the right. Side to about seven or eight.

Then pick up on the opposite side to about thirteen and they start here travel right. Down. So you got the 20s to fifteen to twenty ten thirty forty fifty sixty. So when you see markings along these lines you can guess if they're past that age something happened if they're not there yet something's waiting for them which part women always begin on the right.

So remember that women are always right. And what's left is men [Music] one through seven and. Then eight through. I believe it's thirteen or fourteen here and.

Then it jumps right. To the center of the head and it comes and. Then it actually that one line comes this way and. Then it kind of zigzags across.

I don't even worry about that although a lot of more hardcore face readers do. I just you know that this is my 15 to my 20 30 40 50 60 70 and 100 20s around here okay. So that's what. I pay attention to.

So if. I see a line that goes across here. I know it happened in their mid-twenties. I'm against it we can read all kinds of lines right.

Now we're not gonna worry about that because we get lost in the sauce yes. Brian its microphone we're sample microphone. Ike's. Mike said wires okay.

If the the trauma or whatever caused the line to form changes mm-hmm can the line go away yes. You're gonna see faces you're gonna read face this today and if you unpack the trauma markings that face is gonna change in minutes wrinkles will go away that quickly that quickly. I didn't believe it hiked. I called to the highest degree when.

Lily. First started telling me this and. Then. I went to face reading class and.

Then at the end of the end of the. Last day of the training she bring these people in off the street and they take before and after pictures same lighting same walls same facial expressed as you can get for some reason after officiating they can never stop smiling. But. But and you would do the reading and.

Then you take the after picture and after everybody went home if you put the pictures up on the screen their different paces eyebrows get hired bushier cheekbones flesh out jaw bones it's crazy yeah yes. I'm actually doing an emotional intelligence changing down in. Vegas and it's four days like this. But they do a whole bunch of experiential things when you release where you release trauma and stuff like that and literally it's.

So freaky the people are totally different after four days and the lady even says you know the face left separate. So it 100% when you get rid of that stuff you can't not see the difference in them it's ready yeah. I mean well if you come to face reading in in. Vegas or you can sneak in to face reading in.

December you're gonna get the full spectrum approach this is what when. I. First started going through the entire face reading curriculum this was the one of the. First things that was immediately useful and you're gonna find that this is the one that fascinates people most.

So we just start with this. So if we look. At the cloth and again once you guys know that. I wanted your axe and stuff like that we'll look.

At the other aspects of the face how to bisect the face paper to left three sections three horizontal zones of the face those are all things we can come back to and circle back to. But this is the one we want to play with. First we want to prove this to ourselves. First and foremost.

So starting from the clock face one o'clock a line tracing the outer corner you got to be better than stage right. Here too big. I was. Then you're here.

Anya has it worse that means you have your innately skeptical that you believe without proof you said it or don't know you don't. I don't care right. Don't believe without proof okay. Um you see use the meat instead of our sideways cross see the lines here there's this auditory intuition.

TJ's got like three sets of gills right. Here you see lines. I kind of skipped the order when you see lines right. Here this is a sign of auditory intuition this is somebody who's really really good at hearing the look.

Here is what's not being said hearing between the lines they've got really good detectors it's usually the result of a challenging childhood growing up in an environment where you had to really be careful what you said you had to be able to read between the lines gauge people's moods by what their how they were talking physiologically when people have this there's also a tendency towards dehydration. So you want to make sure you're well hydrated okay. But it's this is one of those markings that starts off as a result of some kind of traumatic lifestyle or poor environment growing up and becomes a much much powerful tool. Later on okay.

I've got them like they go through all the through my head. So that makes for a good therapist. So if you see those lead with a sigh well you don't you're one of those people that beats gotta have proof for everything don't you. Anyway yeah how'd you know the proof is on your face the eye the eye has carriers probably no.

They say the eyes. Are the windows of the soul and the eyes. Of all the facial characteristics carries. So much information we spent in an entire class practically on eyes.

To the exclusion of you know we did the we did the the hemispheres we did the three zones we did the emotional map. Then we got to the eyes. And we spent like a day and a half just on eyes. And all the different things you can read from the eyes.

It's really really powerful okay. So starting at the outer canthus lines that start at the outer canthus or the corner of the eye and they could travel upward these are joy lines okay. So if somebody's had been experiencing a lot of joy you'll see very even when they're not smiling you'll see lines here if the lines travel you go to the other side of the face this is just and it says bite these are not luck they are not only on this side okay. So don't don't let the mat fool you you can have joy lines here to any of the lines on this side in the face you can have on this side with it when the lines travel up past the eyebrows this is no.

Longer joy its mania. So these are these are people who are up at 3 o'clock in the morning texting right. So this will book. The.

Chinese would consider pathological joy which is analogous to extreme excitement. But when people have those mania lines they're gonna go through there's a high probability of being manic bipolar okay. And it's gonna flip on and all those things come out okay. They marked pretty significantly when the line starts at the outer campus and travels downward short a short way down we have sadness and it marks pretty significantly some of you have some stuff to work on when the line grows further down the cheek we have sorrow which is a greater degree much more pervasive you see bt people call it characterological it goes even further now we're into grief okay.

Now you'll notice that sadness sorrow grief and this line here from the inner canthus lost loves they all pass through what area cheek which is related to what based on this on the lungs this is why when you're treating people with. Osito. COPD asthma allergies many times when you unpack it sadness goes to the lungs and there's correspondents there you start to unpack grief and sadness and trauma and bereavement it's almost always going to be coughing or sobbing or that's a that's a grief breath and even if they're not actually crying as they're processing it out you'll hear that breathing pattern okay. So loss loss does not necessary pertain to romantic love loss love pertains to something that was such an important part of your life an activity person an object it was such an important part of your life that losing that part was like losing a piece of yourself and that when when we go through those experiences the lines appeared here from the inner canthus and descend down and yes.

How are you able to sometimes it's sometimes you can sum depending on how deep and how much further back it is you can tell if it's older grief or or more recent. But you really can't tell what age it started at when we go through. Golden. Path we'll start to unpack those things right.

Because you can see when people are when people are are on their path that they're doing activities that are fundamental to who they are as a human being they're more in their bodies and. So the the light in their eyes. And underneath their skin will be much brighter we call it having more. Shen that means spirit and it's related to the heart okay.

When we're in we will act doing activities that we don't enjoy that are painful or uncomfortable in some way the spirit wants to leave the body. So you'll always see you ever notice people with with. I've been through dissociative identity or extreme trauma their eyes. Are flat their effect is flat they're not in their bodies and the left the more you're out of your body the faster the body breaks down because the buckless the spirit our our.

Shen is the negative and. Tropic faculty in other words it causes the body to become more organized it causes the body to become healthier because the body to evolve and. So we want as much of that in us that non-local part of us we want as much of that in us and residing in this physical vessel as we can because it gets healthier and it lives longer and that's why getting on your golden path from a metaphysical transpersonal perspective is. So important for your health you will literally get younger you will live longer you things will flow better and it doesn't matter when you get on it the fact that people who get on it.

Later move through it faster like. I thought that they will. II had a client she was a stay-at-home mom had got married had a child that some like she was autistic or something like that and she became like the tiger mom advocate for autism and spent like 20 30 years making sure this child got taken care of him by the time the child was out and on her own she was doing great most of her life she thought was over and they asked her if she'd like to run for like a local city seat or something and she'd always thought about wanting to study politics as well. I'll give it a she won six years.

Later she's a senator in her forties and fifties she got laid she went through faster. So when wherever you start is okay. You're gonna catch up. I recommend you get.

Lillian's book. Base meeting in. Chinese medicine by. Lillian bridges face reading in.

Chinese medicine by. Lillian bridges here it's on the reading list on the reading list it's also available as a download just with that. I said this minute on though this doesn't mean every. Darwin no.

But you should even find it. Bridget's. Bri pges. Lily she told me not to tell you now tell me how was her favourite page reader spirited bringing more of the spirit into the body that means pursuing pleasure things that make your heart sing.

So to speak which sometimes means going against everything you were taught and going against the people around you to say you shouldn't want that ask anybody who's ever dated a guy with the right. Car the right. Job and was miserable right. Or a vice versa there's things that are right.

And they're things that are right. For you and sometimes the hardest decision we have to make is doing what's right. For us. But that's what it's about and the thing to remember about golden path work is that no.

Life experience you've had he's wasted. I'm using things today that. I learned in boat. X school before.

I decided - went to vocational technical school and. Then quit vocational technical school to go to get on a college track and. Then. I didn't go to college until.

I was 33 years old and. I'm still using stuff today. I learn in low tech scope nothing from your life is wasted on your golden path every life experience every tragedy every trauma every triumph every inconsequential skill that you picked up it matters. So you know golden path is something that's worth exploring and and really understanding it whether you embrace the.

Taoist approach or not we all you all at some point asked yourself or ask somebody else or somebody's asked you what am. I here for well. I don't know. I'm here to do something important.

But. I'm not sure what that is that's what going on path this it's not a job not a career it's a lifestyle with a purpose okay. So. I'll keep that in mind it may be a ton of jobs that fit your.

Golden. Path just systematic to figure out which ones are the best bet right. I thought when. I was a kid.

I was gonna be an actor and. I'm really good. I mean. I went to governor's prevents the.

Pens. Uyuni. Governor's. School for the.

Performing. Arts. I did a professional theater in. Pennsylvania for a couple of years did a couple of.

X couple extra works. I was in a game trailer and. Here. I am look.

What. I do you're an actor right. I didn't see it yeah yeah. I never saw this coming.

I was. But when. I when. I saw people up on stage and making a difference that that got me going.

But how did. I never connected that with an acting skills nothing's wasted right. And had a seduction how to sit how to seduction skills matter when it comes to acting or or or saying guess what it's all influence nothing's wasted. So.

I'm just putting that out there whether you want to come to. Golden. Path in. Dallas or not you're all here because that's the internal impetus is driving you that's why you have that coolness feeling this is.

I don't care why it's. I don't care just what not it's just cool right. That's the point okay. All right.

So is this useful or no. Yeah okay. And this is again once you once you open this box you can't go back. I'm just telling you right.

Now what once what you once you take the red pill no. Every morning you can look. At me go oh. I need more joy.

But that's the flipside of that is any time you want you'd become was fascinating person in the room you already had that with that go technique you tell people you're a face reader they line up right. All right. Watch the lines on my face. I have lots of lines.

I'm like. But those sadness one wait does that mean you not experience any traumatic sadness in your life do. I judge it by it means either. I was.

So dissociated. I didn't mark. I processed all my sadness and the lines went away or. I haven't had any sad experiences which.

I could tell you is. But we mark. But not always as severely as some other people everybody's trauma or intensity of emotional experience is unique to them you know you know. Seth may may you know have a pet hamster that died when he was 12 and he has it's lost love line for 30 years.

I may have had a pet hamster that died when. I was 12 and. I was glad. I hated the little the same jerkle huh all right.

Or or. I'm ethic now that's no. Big deal. I just get another one right.

We can't gauge other people's emotion which means that's why as a therapist you're compassionate. But you're never you never you know you don't go to extremes in showing a month. But some of your clients have a vested interest in trying to freak out the therapist they want to prove that their stuff is. So bad that it's going to overwhelm the person in the chair.

So and and never compare people's traumas. I can't we gray room on our own you can yes. That was all the most frustrating things for me when. I was getting my face reading training it's all diagnostic that means talking about your problems for five solid days and not doing anything to fix them yeah and if you know me.

I think. I lasted. I had day and a half before. I started grabbing people and trying to start trying to fix them they didn't know who.

I was like get away from me you freak by the end of the week that. I can you fix my shame even. Lillian actually asked me to help her a couple of times because you know this doesn't mean you just because you can read this stuff doesn't necessarily guarantee that you can fix it now look. A cool thing about fate reading if the.

Chinese. Chinese medicine had a psychology assist branch it would be face reading. I call it by. Chinese vibrational psychotherapy because when you start to unpack the markings on people's faces and they start to process it out and talk about it and reframe it those members that go away it's like it's just slower than our approaches do you use it everywhere they go oh.

I look. At people and. I know they don't even know. I know right.

I know things about your genitalia you have no. Clue. I would even share if you wanna know the scary part is ladies and gentlemen the. Last five days.

I've seen you alright. So one of the things that. Chinese face reading was used for was actually business applications legal applications and matchmaking determining sexual and romantic compatibility. So there's a lot that goes into this the.

CIA wanted to hire. Lillian to train their their operatives and and. I think also one of the. Canadian intelligence agency also wanted to of course trying to recruit her for it as well she didn't know that she wanted to do it because she was afraid the system would be misused.

Lillian's father was ex-cia oh. So she knew yeah yeah and and and. I told. Lily and.

I said look. If they want this technology they're gonna get it. But if you're involved at least you can somewhat control how its how its applied or how its taught right. And.

So. I don't know if she ever went forward. I. I'm pretty sure she did not.

I think based on what. I've learned and. I'm still a baby at this as much as. I.

I can riff and. I'm still a baby at this and. I'm gonna get better because. I'm that way.

But we don't need to be super experts to to get really useful information really really quickly. So let's go back to our motions on the face that's not the emotions that one all right. So skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief lost love notice they all bisect that lung area. So many times when you sit with you see some with a lot of asthma.

Oh. COPD or something along those lines chances are they're repressing a lot of grief yes. Those lines there. I can confirm that when.

I talk to us brother yeah. I was it's confirming what she said. I had an ex-girlfriend uh-huh and she has asthma and stuff and he has that was like prominent yeah yeah you'll see it a lot now it doesn't mean it's a hundred percent on everybody. But you'll start to see generalities come up and that's what we go with when you're doing it when you're learning influence technologies you have to learn you have to use a very specific what.

NLP calls a better program to do influence technology's easiest and fastest and most consistent you have to use the sameness with difference. Mehta program which means you have to look. At everything that's the same and. Then sort for what's different because if you start with differences only you can't discern patterns if you're like you're having to reinvent the wheel every single time [Music] okay.

[Music]. Horace tell me about those things okay. What yes. How do they relate to each other no.

They don't okay. So it's all difference isn't it right. All right. Yeah tell me about these things well the markers relate to each other and they can.

So saving the sameness say there pull not ethical. I say the same is difference. So you have basically four combinations of priority that we give to sorting for information you can sort for everything that's the same and. So for everything that's different you can sort for everything the same and.

Then some difference or something everything is different than some same and. Then look. For what's saying saying each and every one of you has falls into one of those categories. But some of you because your categories maybe you start with difference you look.

At everything that's different. First if. I start telling you this is the same as that and that's the view guys they know it's not you're gonna start arguing because you're look. You're not organized to think that way most of the people in the scientific community sort that way.

X is different from y. Y is different from. Z. Z is them from one from two from three which is great in a scientific environment.

However if we want to systematize and develop a process by which we can apply the broader strokes the quickest we have to look. At what's the same amongst all human beings. First. So we can get that out of the way and.

Then look. At what's different does that make sense we have to find the patterns and. Then the distinctions for the outliers from the pattern. So that's my that's my my meta program yours may differ.

But this is what. I find makes learning this material easier. I'll take my markers you can have the kit kats okay. Good.

So going down to yes. Sir that's mine complete one of the things that. I'm wondering about is like with the asthma and stuff hmm. So if you were like let's see you take a child that was born with asthma uh-huh is that past life the union building could be generational trauma.

But there's a strong start in the body of evidence that's accumulating now that trauma is passed down traumas or heritage in the book. You want a reference for that besides that the genetics work by. Bruce. Lipton is it didn't start with you and we handle generational trauma the same way we handle any trauma or breast the cause the rest the cause that we had.

Colby actually was doing great room and he wound up triggering a past life memory that. I had to help him fix right. That can come up about 1% of all my clients when we're you know we're 15 will spontaneously regress to a past life and. I've seen.

I've seen proof in my clinic of genetically passed on memories and not even in the same bloodline. I've had. I've had donor recipients take on the memories and behavior patterns of the donor organs that. I've had to go in and do parts therapy on or or get some kind of resolution crazy yeah do you have to discover the origins in order to know unpack it sometimes you do sometimes you don't most of the time we can just divide anything by pointing to where we feel it.

But every now and. Then there may be a more multiple set of memories or you don't have memories before like four and younger he's always a memory he just can't access it right. Karnas liqu by definition if you have a feeling you have everything you need if you don't have a feeling you don't have a problem right. So if there's a body feeling you have enough you have an entry point into that bulla graphic container with all the data and.

Therefore you can change it you don't need to consciously know what it is although many times you will many times what happens is and some of you may have had this experience where you don't you have this bad feeling you want to get rid of you have to clue what it is you start to spin and all the sudden you have this this revelation that comes out of nowhere right. It's hidden behind the emotion emotion obfuscates data it distorts it okay. Like steam and as you clear the steam the data that was hidden behind the emotion becomes available and the system can now reprocess the experience in a better way your system is amazingly resilient if you just get the blockages out of the way you can get anything can fix itself. Charleston has the question is this useful yeah yeah oh.

I'll be doing much sorting and talk about same indifference. I can't relate that for someone who's like an optimist or a pessimist they're two different meta programs optimists are always looking at the positive side of things which by definition is difference right. You have a choice at any given moment you can look. At the you know all the positive things or you could look.

At all the negative things we're choosing to look. At the positive which is sorted for difference its contrast. But it's not the same meta program when we talk about heaven and by the way there's a section in your manuals on better programs and we can talk about them and we can play with them a little bit. But by and large if you're using the echo technique you're already in their meta programs theoretically yes.

I have not seen it done well. But bana will say you can change about program the difference between our regular programs like criterion values and meta programs is they're largely content and context free which means the way the way you sort your change or the way you sort or choose clothing is the same way you'll choose a house. I'm just. I'm thinking.

So you know somebody who is in the microphone please. I don't thinking of somebody who's always likes a negative can you can you reprogram that in to be an apple. I think you can. I think it takes training though you know and.

I think the further back you go the easier that training is gonna be. So basically going to past life or go to green and subdeacon. I haven't met. I've seen very few things that can't be changed given the right.

Technique and the right. Amount of intensity and the right. Motivation it's just not likely okay. Now there are certain facial characteristics that will tell us if somebody's going to be more often mystical or not and if we can somehow change that negativism to optimism the face will change for example come up here list without know.

I don't know if. I don't look. At your eyes. Yet.

So. But. I'd like to see if they changed okay. So if you look.

At um. I don't know if you can see this. But look. Straight ahead.

So what do you do is you put a line across the pupil and if the outer edge of the eyelid is above the pupil she has upturned eyes. These people send me more optimistic more outgoing if they're downturned eyes. So if you see that the if you see that the the outer canthus drops below these people have downturned eyes. These people be more negativistic they please me more there tend to be more on kind of the sad.

Good. Samaritans it's like these people are kind of they kind have a negative view of the world the world is a tough place and. So they expect more. But they're also soft hearted they have a lot of compassion and.

So they're often taken in by a sob story you combine that with there's a little divot at the end of some people's noses if you feel your nose there's a little indentation and there she doesn't have it if you feel that limitation that's what we call fallen human angel marking these are people who tend to have a very big heart who like to help people. But they're always a little sad for a couple of reasons. First of all there's a there's a higher part of them that knows that they come from someplace better than this and this ain't it right. And they see the suffering in people and they want to help.

I call you a special kind of stupid you're the people who want to go to identity by design to fix other people's okay. Instead of your own there's also physiologically when you have that markings or tense there's a tendency towards anemia it's a little bit blood deficient as we talked about in. Chinese medicine okay. So you can look.

When you when you start to read people's faces you can measure a crop keep the people the people has to be straight. So you have to come straight across the people if the outer canthus comes up they have upturned eyes. If the honor to cannabis dips down they have downturned eyes. And the people who have the upturned eyes.

Tend to be the optimist they're the ones that the world is good everything. I look. At the bright. Side of things people who are regular they're just kind of average run-of-the-mill of that downturned.

I didn't have more negative view of the world they know bad happens that happens to people and when people have given them a bad enough story they'll usually do try to do something to help different colored eyes. There's not a lot to look. At in terms of behavior for different for different colors. I can look.

It up and see if there's anything interesting there. But we do a lot of color exception color which is a skill. I haven't mastered yet yeah. Fraggles are usually indications of the extra fire element.

So these people tend be a little more energetic maybe a little bit more chaotic creative that's fired right. You can always tell a fire person when they get home from work because there's a line of clothing from the front door to their bedroom because they're taking them off and throwing them everywhere as they're getting home from work right. You can see. Thank.

You. Elizabeth okay. Can give her applause she showed her eyes. So moving down the down this line sodium we have skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief lost loved now when you when you see these lines on people don't use the label in other words don't say oh you're sad no.

You compliment them on the trait you say look. And you've got some beautiful markings on your face this line indicates that maybe sometime in your life you went through some really sad times or maybe a bunch of sad times right. Or you know. I make a joke oh this line tells me you don't believe without evidence you know you got to be funny about it don't say you're a skeptic people don't like the labels.

So describe behaviors and and and how it manifests and people will will buy into it faster and this would be true whether you're using handwriting analysis or cold reading we'll talk about cold reading statements or. Barnum statements. Later. But right.

Now. I've gone to face reading because now my face readings aren't cold my reading people isn't cold anymore now it's actual accurate assessments of who they are and the life they have left which is to meet even more powerful because now. I know what to say and how to say it. But you can mix and match and you'll start to get insights about people very very quickly humor lines humor lines are usually manifested by a little line down the center of the lower lip now if they have a really big lower lip this is a hedonistic trait people have very big lower lips are very pleasure-seeking they like their physical pleasure it says it's a aspect of the earth element ok.

We went into we went quite deeply into lips d'tre and kiss people are very paranoid today. So if you see that you know they've got a pretty good sense of humor or at least they can take a joke if you see a really short philtrum this isn't the map for this. But if you see a really short filter via the space between the base of the nose and the upper lip if it's really short they can't take a joke these people are very very sensitive to criticism yeah they have a very short philtrum these people they may not show it. But they do not handle perceived criticism well be very careful with that yeah we're going back to the.

Aries microphone please going back to the ice going back to the eyes. I know a lot of people will have one eyes. Bigger yeah and if it's on the right. Side that they're more open to the world on their public side if it's if the right.

Eyes. Bigger on the left their heart is more open in their private life. So they're more willing and open to share to let things in besides the eye indicates how open you are to receiving or giving information a big eye a round eye indicates very large openness a lot of imagination a lot of willingness to take information in and share information okay. The smaller the eye the more close the eye the more filters are in place the more selective they are okay.

So someone who has a very may have a big eye. But holds it very closed is evaluating everything you say and they're not gonna let things out. So when you see somebody who has a big eye on the right. Side which is their public face it shows you that they have more openness to the public on the superficial side of things than they do in their private life if it's flipped you can read the equation if they're balanced.

Then they're balanced. But you can start to ascertain are people who they say they are does the right. Side match the left side and more often than not they don't they don't and you can get a pretty accurate picture of how these people are without the doors are closed and the lights are often nobody's looking that's why when. I looked at.

Bill. Cosby's face. I'm with oh okay. Don't believe me go look.

You see right. When would they look. Look. When you say right.

And left my true right. Which is their right. Side. But even.

Bill. Cosby pleased to be look. At younger pictures and older pictures are very different oh yeah oh yeah you look. At pictures of me when.

I was when. I was in my 20s and 30s it's not. I'm not the same guy the most people can't look. At those pictures and recognize me.

I looked at different half my family can't recognize. So as. I get it we could spend like. I said two and a half days easily just on eyes.

So and we will in. Vegas actually yeah. Vegas will be doing eyes. And mouth.

December will be doing ears cheeks and probably chins. So when you're working with the eyes. Is that like iridology or no. No.

Iridology is a derivative of this you can treat the entire eye you can try to body through the eye just like you can treat the entire body through the ear in. Chinese medicine. So different lenses and everything about the embody is fractal and whole graphic. So there's a there's an acupuncture system called image where.

I can treat the entire body on the forearm or on the leg or on the here or on the tongue or on the genitalia or on the eyeball. I don't know who you're gonna get to let you needle people in the eyeball. But that's how iridology iridology is the diagnostic aspect of that because different body locations in the eye that correspond to the organs will discolor or what-have-you same thing with the aqua. T here.

I can look. At you here and where the white spots are where the red spots are. I know where there's frozen energy where there's inflammation stagnation and all those other things. I can.

I can fix your body through your ear we're all holographic fractal beings we're light in essence mostly empty space between and the moment those refracting filters or lenses within us changed how we look. Changes and emotions are one of those refractory phenomena okay. III envision the human nervous system like a big prison and. LP gives us the same analogy generalized experience comes in it's refracted into five channels we know this visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory and.

Then those five bands of energy are reconstructed and put back together to create this. But it's a highly refracted distorted image it's not true it's just a representation just like your face isn't true it's just a representation and that's what's inside changes what's outside changes and one of the ones. I want you to pay a lot of attention to this part of the center of the face right. Here you can see this this area right.

Around right. In and right. In between the eyes. And right.

At the bridge of the nose for those of you who do a lot of trauma work with domestic abuse or child abuse a lot of times what you'll see are these lines that run from the side of the nose downward outward like. So these are. Lillian calls these disempowerment lines and. I don't like that word because.

I don't think it's quite accurate certainly there's an element of disempowerment to it. But the way the beat that it was explained to me was at some point in this person's life somebody just violated their boundaries and they resisted they pushed back and the push back from there they're standing up for himself was. So strong that they wanted they started to do anything they could to appease the other person. So.

I call them appeasement lines. So they started capitulating to doing whatever the other person wanted because they didn't want to upset them because for whatever reason and. So when you see a lot of a lot of that private easing behavior you're gonna see lines and. I've seen people come in look.

Like somebody took. A razor knife and just dug furrows into their freaking face and many times you'll see this when people smile or whatever you'll see them pop up if you see them in the person's not smiling you've got some serious appeasement stuff going on it these are people who probably can be manipulated very very easily because they're they're conditioned for peace men that make sense all right. If you if you if we if you come to counter manipulation out in in. July we're gonna talk about how predators test social boundaries in in safe situations to see who's most likely to accept being pushed around very simple things that they'll do like having person pick the restaurant and.

Then showing up late and seeing how they respond to it innocuous things you wouldn't think a predator would do to size up you know your boundary states right. But that's that's kind of how they do it they they know how to profile extremely well and if you don't know how to profile the profilers you're in trouble remember. I told you if. I know you better than you know me.

I could influence you if. I know you better than you know yourself. I can control you this is the eye this is the other side of influence and this is something and not a negative way in your manuals as you as you're reading your manuals you're gonna see a section in your book. Called.

I through and the i3 model. I've three model has three components. First the. First eye is identity who you offered what are your values what are you reliefs what are your strengths what are your attributes what are the things that make you more persuasive and more charismatic what are the things that hold you back from being more persuasive are you tall if you're tall taller people get more status and authority and attraction generated in people than people who are shorter are you overweight or are you no.

Average are you skinny fat people are never viewed positively even in this generation that people are always dude as more lazy less creative less intelligent less everything okay. If you're attractive you're gonna get the benefit of the doubt in everything attractive people get less jail time all right. There's one guy he was going to jail and they liked them all because he got him out hmm yeah because he's. So good-looking.

Oh juries always assume the more attractive person is innocent unless it's a sex crime where they use their attraction their attraction as well as well. Then it tends to flip the script since the flip. But that's the only time. Then get less jail time they get raises faster and better.

So the ugly truth is attractive people get more stuff. So if you're not doing things to actively enhance your ability to modulate and manage your skills of. Attraction you're at a disadvantage no. There's more to attraction than just physical appearance.

But it's big it's a big component ok. But that's all in the identity model who are you what are your attributes what's the message you're sending out you ask people asked about a luminescence these are you have two types of qualities or attributes that you can work with you can have passive attractors and negative and active attractors passive attractors are things that you just are you don't have to do anything for them to be active right. Things like a natural deep resonant voice very attractive very authoritative women in studies to consistently select men with deep resonant voices for one-night stands okay. So if you got that very white boys going gonna lead like a rockstar right.

You know. Then we get to. I 2. I 2 is all about intelligence and when.

I talk about. I'm telling. I'm not talking about. Smurfs.

I'm talking about information how much information can we acquire about the target their goals their objectives and how can we use that to create a profile and a strategy to get our outcome that's. I - that's where you're right. Now when we talk about stuff like this. Then.

Finally. I three which is the one everybody comes for and we tend to gloss over this and that's influenced the tools of influence that you spent the. Last four days refining best army in the world is impotent and it doesn't know where to drop the bombs without intelligence your influence is impotent identity intelligence influence the idea there's three components to your ability to influence hey who you are your strengths your attributes your ethics your morals your liabilities who are you what do you have and it takes an inventory of that to know where you need to bolster okay. And.

Then there's the ability to gather intelligence information about your subject your objective whatever it is okay. And. Then. Finally the tools of influence and you can learn all the tools of influence and they have if you just kitchen-sink people they have a high probability of working.

But that's a lot of work the morning intelligence you gather the less tools you need understand there's no. Sex in this case there's really no. Such thing as too much information right. But it starts with grape you know can.

I talk you influence gathering techniques with criterion values with the with the three magic questions right. That's what those are they're intelligence gathering tools and in their doing double-duty they're giving you a connection rapport while at the same time giving it access to information information that you're going to leverage using what your influence techniques thanks y'all fits everything that state control is identity who are you who do you need to be how do you become that person. I think what do. I know about my target how do.

I use it does that make sense exactly who they are comes into the under the intelligence yes. I - hey. So when you see those lines be very very delicate with how you bring those up more often than not. I don't bring them up.

But it lets me know going into the session or. I'm probably gonna wind up. I'm probably gonna wind up in some 0 to 5 either some kind of abuse or perceived abuse remember what is 5-year old pal five year old perceives a situation is drought drastically different than the way the 35 year old perceives the same situation in retrospect and it's always the five year olds perspective that we have to fix. But more change or more modify okay.

Some good lines to have starting at the holidays. I the outer level here legal group down through here about the the edge of the mouth these are called purpose lines these are lines you want to have and the deeper they are the more on track your life is when you look. At people's faces you look. At the right.

Side limits right. Lemma slide you'll often notice that one side has deeper lines in the other this tell it this tends to give you an indication of which part of the life is more in alignment with who they aren't what they want to be their purpose for being here if it's on the if it's on the left side their personal life is more on track than their public life if it's the public life. Then they have may be they may be a rock star on stage and have a life at home or it's just not satisfying doesn't mean it's silly bad it just not it's not right. For them right.

So these are good lines to have okay. Chinese when. Chinese see these they like it they think it's a good thing when you look. At people's.

Chin's especially if they're not making an expression and you see little dimples or indentations this is someone who's repressed and holding on to a lot of fear okay. You'll see this a lot and people are afraid you'll see that area dimple automatically if there's a lot there when they're not making those faces they've got a lot to get rid of okay. So fear humours here grief sadness sorrow joy skepticism. I call it appeasement you can call it disempowerment if you want to okay.

Last thing we're going to look. At really really quick are these lines here if you see lines under the lips these are these are bitterness lines bitterness lines these are people who've gone beyond resentment and now they're just fed up they're just they're in and this usually arises in situations that their needs that they're consistently meeting other people's needs their needs are never being met and there's no. Sign of it ever changing and that they just accomplish better for lack of a better word you understand it's it's more of a smoldering ongoing resentment right. And these are the people that tend to develop cancers because a lot of times when you find yourself in a situation that has no.

Sign of changing there's no. Other way out the body will generate a way out for you. So a lot of cancers arise out of bitterness now it doesn't mean if you have bitterness lines you're going to get cancer. But there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient right. And it's almost always anger resentment bitterness which if you notice where those areas are there in the colon and the gut area. So you get a lot of colon cancers about it irritable bowel. IV s clothes disease all have a very strong emotional base [Music] okay.

So bitterness fear humor grief sorrow sadness joy skepticism. I want you to break up into groups of three take turns talking about and reading each other's faces no. Let me give you a few pointers when you're doing a face reading be compassionate take a look. You're fearful no.

No. It's not what it's about. I remember that one of the challenges now we're mitigating this process a little bit because we're taking more of a tack to approach to face realism as opposed to the healers approach to face reading. But when you're become a face reader and face readers for those who are experienced me around 500 ollars a session 500 700 it's not a bad living right.

When you go through the process of reading their face from a counsellors perspective the way it's. I was taught it there's a vibrational interaction that takes birth and causes people to emote and to process the pent up emotions marked in the face and as long as they talk about it and continue to express it they'll reach a point where they change their perspective on the experience either through direct reframing or they come up to their own reframe and those markings will start to go away it's a sight if you have to hold that space it's a very if it's it's a it's more of a confidant kind of an energy that we take as a face reader here we're taking a very tactical approach. But many of you have stuff that you're going to be talking about. So if stuff comes up find a way to process reframe it magic fragment points where you feel it spin it whatever.

But be okay. With being in that process because you may trigger it's especially true for people who come through the face reading with that application if it becomes a faculty a guy if the guy hold the world record for every action what happened in your vibe. But people will do that they will just stuff to spontaneously emote around you. So unless you you're ready for that you might know you might want to hold back a little bit yes.

My pump it's just a curiosity question because typically. I have tons of energy and. I feel like super drained and. Then.

I don't know if it's from yesterday when he did that spin or just the amount of information there is that usually a byproduct to of candy because. I feel processing the hell out of something we ended yesterday with a rather cathartic module didn't we know some of you had some major shifts right. And that's the point yeah relax drink lots of water it'll be fine right. But yeah you know our interventions are short.

But yeah their nuclear right. Kind of fun. But you're not ready for my wife my poor wife. First time she's fun.

I taught her how to do it and she she's like odd something. David does and all of a sudden she has this massive massive abreaction you sitting better she goes yeah. Anyway. So.

So yes. You know. I have to give me the doctor. Don.

Lou customer service warning it's just powerful and you never know what's coming up. So just go with it it's just again the whole point remember is nothing wrong is happening and that's the big the big takeaway no. Matter what your body does its right. All right.

And. So you just be with that process and let it happen. However longer some people get exhausted some people get super energized some of you have grandma orgasms followed by massive solving attacks followed by more. RAM all orgasms and it's just how you know if everybody process is different and that's okay.

Because the one thing that you don't want is that stuck in you if it's moving through you it's moving out of you this means you're clear yes. Friday. I noticed like the phone when. I.

First started using that gray room technique of few weeks ago like. I got it on all your videos online and. Then started like bubbling up over the. Next week or stalled like little things yep that big.

I would just be doing something and it occurred to me that that's why that happened or that's why. I would connect that are in common yeah that you know and they didn't feel bad it just when. I recognized that. I felt better actually mm-hmm by getting it out of the way.

So you don't be aware that when you leave here you know after doing that stuff you probably might feel some of those things avoid of avoid the belief that you because the process was done that you're done that goes on long after the process that you used to initiate it is over. I had one guy who went to this massive session didn't feel anything for four days and. Then it hit him like a ton of brick and boom just came out of nowhere everybody process is different and. However you do it is right.

Just own it and allow it to allow it to work itself out like. I tell people you have to lock yourself in a hotel room and sleep for 18 hours do it if you need to find out a closet somewhere grab a stack of dishes and just smash dishes for 20 minutes just. I don't want to hear any store just do it in a way that's safe and preserves your privacy it doesn't hurt other people. I don't want to read any stories about you on the top of the post office with an m-16 goddamn it's just you know be be would be responsible in your expressions right.

But give yourself permission to express because we don't we don't give ourselves that permission and that's why we get sick and it shows up it shows up and shows up in more places in our face. But this is what we show the world. So all right. So we should grab some partners look.

At some faces if stuff comes up and it may or may not. I don't know you make us be having fun with it if it comes up processed it out help them help them work through it and someway discuss it reframe it. But you know be fully present with them and that's the important piece okay. Let's take 30 minutes for this.

So come back at 11:00 well you want more and work and read as many people and be read by as many people as you can in 30 minutes.
