Title: Psychological Tricks: How To Spot a Liar | How To Read Anyone Instantly - Lie to Me... If You Dare
File Name: AoYpohN3Kfc.txt
Video Id: AoYpohN3Kfc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AoYpohN3Kfc

You leave now they have given me less than an hour to compress a lifetime of study. So here is my commitment to you i will take you as far down this rabbit hole as i can in the time we have and i will show you where to go for more if that's what you want to do is that a per is that a fair deal all right. So. First of all today's class my name is david snyder in case you didn't know because i'm such a shy and retiring type really what we just did even with or without the music is one of the most important things you can do for yourself every single day one of the running themes in all the all the courses i'm teaching both the.

Last three days today saturday sunday is this one thing your physiology controls your psychology now that flies in the face of a lot of what we've been taught we've been taught we can use our mind to control our body and that's true enough to be true except when the proverbial fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator. Then your butt puckers up and your brains drop out as one of my by proxy mentors used to say right. Here's what i mean when i say this everything we're going to be talking about whether we're talking about lie detection which is we're going to go we're going to focus on the 10 or 15 most reliable indicators that someone pay attention may be lying there is no. One single indicator that points at deception the best you can do is an educated guess now the question becomes once you've figured out okay.

This person might be being untruthful how far down that rabbit hole do you really want to go you see most people don't believe lives because they hat lies because they have to they believe them because they want to there are 10 key indicators which we don't have time to cover ten key indicators that create a lens oops that's i don't have an eraser. So i'll just have to do it the hard way the ten key indicators that create either one of anyone any one of them by themselves can create a lens that makes you want to believe deceptive behaviors that will cause you to interpret certain qualities and characteristics particular to sociopaths narcissists and psychopaths as something else ten of them you only need one to start to blur to turn your uh your reading glasses into rose-colored glasses as one of my uh sources used to say these are all and these are all by the way attractors attractors the 10 that we're going to we're not going to talk about them all i might have i have a list we're going to go more into them on saturday morning we have a longer breakout it's called speed attraction 3.0 we're going to be talking about how to make someone like love and trust you and bordering on love literally in as little as 20 minutes we're also going to show you how to take those feelings and explode them into marriage level intimacy sometimes in as little as 90 minutes we're going to show you how to use these things outside of romantic contexts. So if you're going anybody who do networking right. Anybody ever go to singles bars no.

I wouldn't do that either right. We're going to show you actually how to position yourself in certain places. So that you are far more likely to get introduced to people people are more likely to introduce you to them to other people it's really cool we're going to talk about a little bit about how to connect with people through stories because whether you realize it or not the human neurology is hardwired for stories the neurology is there every time you hear the words once upon a time or that reminds me of a time when your brain changes the hemispheres of your brain and the listeners or if you're the listener they synchronize they literally start to sync up that's what the neuroscience tells us. So one of the most powerful influence tools you have is story and metaphor right.

We're going to talk a little bit about how to use those tomorrow to create powerful connections chemistries and things like that it's a very deep well. But we'll give you the things you can go out and start playing with right. Away how does that relate to lie detection liars can't tell their story backwards if you go to chicago if you go to chicago chicago up until recently had the highest number of false confessions in history because they were they weren't using what they called narrative interview technique narrative inner technique is where you have them tell the story as you listen to the story you have to go into a very special mindset if you are going to go into the mode of trying to detect deception you have to take on a certain mindset and that is you have to start looking for deception and ignoring everything that may be true right. You have to start ignoring everything you have to stop you have to look.

For the points that don't match and you have to keep that you have to keep that mindset throughout the story or throughout the the process it can be very energetically taxing okay. Ten attractors that will actually count against you and psychopaths narcissists dark triad personalities as we like to call them they do this all the time this is how they succeed bad does bad often looks good. So when i say people don't believe story lies because they have to they believe them because they want to this is how it works right. Story and narrative will cause your brain to sync up when somebody goes into a long elaborate story your brain goes to into a hypnotic state okay.

So if you are going to engage in the process of telling lies or not telling lies. But although we do that for a living whether you realize it or not freudian slip there uh you have to shift your state you have to become deception oriented you have to look. For it okay. Because if you start agreeing with their narratives if you start buying in to what's going on best analogy i give you anybody here ever have to write something show of hands okay.

Can we get more chairs for these wonderful people uh it's what oh okay. Great um how many people have ever ever edited it's red red or written something edited it thought it was good put it away came back found all this you you missed notice that it's because your brain fills in all the stuff that it's supposed to be there it auto-corrects. So unless you edit the document you've written differently than the way you wrote it your brain will fill in all the good stuff it's the same process when we try to detect lies if you don't have the mindset of becoming a detection a deception bloodhound if you don't operate from the presupposition that they're probably lying. Then you'll probably get sucked in and miss a lot of stuff now that being said even the best trained people in the world only have about a sixty percent hit rate sometimes not even that when it comes to detecting deception okay.

This brings us to the study of what we call kinesics kinesics is the study of body language which we're going to be doing a big class on that um kids sure back when i was in college um i was you guys know i'm a lifelong martial artist right. I don't have to spend 20 minutes giving you my curriculum to tie right. Um at one point in my life i said okay. I want to continue to study these things.

But i also need a day job in case the i want to do doesn't quite pan out. So i started looking at where my interests really lie and where could i make money and earn a good living doing the things i love to do and i looked at and i went i was in community college at the time i was looking at uh police uh criminal justice i wanted to be you know profiler like quincy you guys remember quincy if you do you're old like me okay. All right. How about csi criminal minds that kind of that's that was my thing that's it's still a thing for me i just geek out on it right.

Um. But i was also very interested in martial arts and the martial arts i deal with focus specifically how to manipulate the energy points and the acupuncture meridians of the body. So i wanted to be able to play in that field and research more on energetics. So i got to this crossroads right.

I'm studying i'm dual majoring i do minoring at the time minor in criminal justice minor in pre-med or whatever because i wasn't sure which direction i wanted to go and. So i looked at criminal justice i looked at how much they make their stress level their life expectancy and probably chose health care right. So. But i never lost my passion for this now that coupled with the fact that i was the classic bullied kid growing up i was blessed with a very sensitive nervous system bad hygiene and poor social skills and a desperate desire to be liked put that together right.

I usually found i usually found myself either telling or are the target of some very vicious lies i became very very traumatized by that not to the degree that i was debilitated. But i can't i became very hyper vigilant i became very always trying to figure out what people are doing and what are their motives and what are they going to do. Next little did i know that what turned into what started as a defense mechanism would become a career. So i'm you know by professionally paranoid right.

When we start to study body language and whether we're doing this in terms of understanding how people are attracted we'll show you the body language of attraction. So that you can speed read couples and what degree of intimacy they're in from a distance we're going to do that either in speed attraction tomorrow or people reading for fun and profit uh on sunday there will also yes. There will also be a large component of face reading. So i know you guys hate that right.

Because it's been another passion of mine. First thing you've got to understand no. Single body language cue indicates deception you must look. For changes in body language in a timely window in other words within a three to five.

Second window either before after the words. Finally you must look. For clusters. So.

First no. Single clue or no. Single trait indicates deception unless you're a lawyer in which case your mouth is moving it's over right. Hypnotist we're probably up to something you know um timeliness.

Third clusters clusters is the big one in order to determine clusters and deviation you have to have what we commonly refer to as the baseline in other words if you don't have a measurement of what this person is like normally how they are on a day-to-day basis you have no. Foundation to calculate deviance right. The highest best trained people in the world are 60 percent accurate mostly because they videotape all of their interactions and they watch them over and over and over again in that state looking for the discrepancies now there's a gentleman by the name of dr paul ekman i'm a huge fan of dr ekman's work um very very complementary to the chinese face reading stuff that we do they're just in two different directions chinese face in in dr ekman's work he he discovered a phenomenon known as micro expressions these are momentary flashes of change in the facial muscles that indicate when we're trying to control an emotion. So many times when people like and you'll learn to look.

For these as time goes on one of the most important ones with psychopaths and sociopaths specifically is something called duping delight duping delight is this little joy that we all get when we pull off a lie you know we got someone right. But what happens is they try to mask it and. So you'll see this little fraction of a. Second up turn if someone is telling you about the worst case the most horrible tragedy in their life and they're smiling that's one right.

As a hypnotist be aware of that be aware of that that's an incongruent body language indicator which means there's probably a deep well that's going to come up if you can get them to to that space that makes sense two things baseline clusters cluster is any two or more body language cues happening within a timely period once you've established the baseline. So if you're talking to somebody and they are normally you know just kind of open right. And. Then you say something and this happens let me think about that right.

How many how many changes did i just have hands crossed i shifted back i touched my face and i looked away flag that's a cluster right. Sorry micro expressions oh do you need that duping delay well dooming delight is is a kind of micro expression that's duping delight you can google yep um you'll see this in a lot of people who. First of all social past narcissists they all think they're smarter than everybody else right. They believe that if you're not smart enough to catch it you deserve to have it oh yeah i've been i've been playing a lot i've been swimming in that pool for a while that's why i'm a little bit you know humble yeah number two is timeliness uh how many people here are old enough to remember a guy named richard nixon if you don't google him god we have.

So many millennials now there's a there's a particular speech you guys might remember i'll do one that's a little more timely in a minute just things i am not a crook. Right. Now that's a timeliness issue because if to make it more legitimate he was like i am not a crook. He actually shouldn't have done that either.

But he watercake bastards. Anyway. So to make it more congruent i am not i shouldn't have crossed his arms at all. So i am not a crook.

Right. But he didn't if you if you go and you watch the scene you listen to the time he goes i am not a crook. The timing's off right. But in order to calculate that you have to know who what they're like normally what they're like normally all deception indicators are actually leaders of stress they're indicators of building arousal arousal building in the body.

So once you know someone's normal stress level and you have a baseline you know what they're like normally am i now you have place to start what you're going to look. For now are stress indicators you're going to look. For them in clusters within a three to five. Second window on either side okay.

Pay attention to how how animated a person is one of the. First things i was i had a whole list of things that i was going to share with you called the hanson 15. it disappeared some narcissist took. It. So i'm just going to wing it.

First one you want to look. For is what we call the freeze okay. So someone's talking they're like like um can i use you holly for a. Second right.

Can you pretend to be my wife nothing like my chinese wife. But that's okay. Right. So and um maybe i i'm i'm gonna be the husband and i was out late doing something naughty you don't know that you're just asking where i've been right.

And i'm gonna be like my normal self and i just i'm gonna make it really big and obvious for you is that okay. Okay. Hi honey where you been you're late you don't usually look. This way let's go ah all kinds of i'm telling you the boss was a we got this.

Last minute client you wouldn't believe it [Music] thank you now that's one and done that's one cluster that's one situation now what you want to do is you want to oscillate you want to go back to something non-threatening if you get a response that elicits defensiveness deflection a massive body language shifts similar to what you and by the way once you know what to look. For you'll see this everywhere everywhere remember it does not mean they're lying it means they're stressing out more than they were a minute ago all deception indicators are stress indicators positive or negative right. Attraction is a stressor right. When how many guys have noticed that when women are really attracted to a guy and around someone they really like they kind of do this they start touching them you know various parts they start grooming these are all um relaxation what's the word i'm looking for soothers yeah they're they're things self-pacifying gestures people think they do to calm themselves down when they're experiencing levels of arousal now also again this is a deep well i don't have a lot of time i'm just going to blap it on you if you want to keep following me around to all the trainings you'll get more cohesive stuff.

So there's this other phenomenon called othello's error or othello's flaw depending on which you pull from and that is where when when in the presence of something that stresses you out people start going they have very very uh exaggerated stress responses to the point where they often come across as deceptive when they aren't if you remember the shakespearean play a fellow right. When uh the fellow confronted desdemona she got all crazy he thought she was lying boom bad idea again three things that can happen stressors no. Deception nothing is a deception indicator look. For the look.

For the freeze this is the big one if they're talking like this she holly says something to go what do you mean your timer right. They literally freeze that's the big one that tsa looks for when you bring someone in and you start to interrogate them if they're normally animated very outgoing and also need to stop big flag okay. Look. For self-soothing gestures look.

For people by the way it's a it's a myth that liars can't make eye contact only bad ones can't do that liars can't hold eye contact they hold it very well okay. Because we all know that the. First place people are going to look. Is in the face right.

So that's the. First place we learned to control except for the micro expressions the micro expressions sneak out because we can't consciously control all that emotion percolating beneath the surface right. Typically there are three kinds of lies lies of falsification lies of omission lies of influence okay. The book.

You want to refer to for that is called spy the lie spy the lie there's a there's a companion book. To that which i haven't gotten through completely yet which i think is also pretty good it's called get the truth you see once you've discovered deception or the possibility of it now you got to make a decision how far down that rabbit hole do you want to go because if you pursue it the dynamics of your relationship will change i find it much more useful to detect deception and just watch what people do being prepared than just calling them on it because you burn a lot of bridges that way does that make sense another thing i don't have a chair. So i can't show you some things oh there it is okay. One of the things you want to look.

For when people start to lie is crossing gestures specifically there was one i was taught to look. For in kinesics it's called the triple cross. So they cross their legs across their arms maybe they'll cross their fingers right. And.

Then they'll shield themselves remember the human brain moves towards pleasure and away from pain most of us don't get joy out of lying it stresses us out we move away from it. So can i use you again holly. So when we had holly up here one of the. First things that happened was the minute i found my i was in this normal comment hey honey how you doing blah blah she said something and postural shift it won't always be a full step what you want to look.

For when you start to decipher body language is the postural sway and their ventral orientation how close is the center line of their body to the center line of their body the closer it is the more intimate that relationship is the more trusting that relationship is if holly and i are in an argument i'm going to start to do this i'm going to start to to change proximity and move away right. So ventral orientation if we're sitting in a bar you see that you'll you'll go to the bar watch this people who are sitting. Next to each other and or into each other their proximity starts to change and they start to do this right. Um when people are not sure that maybe they're stuck in close proximity to somebody.

But they don't know them they'll engage in what we call blocking mechanisms they may have to orient towards that person. But they'll put a barrier they'll put an arm here as opposed to here you understand the difference. So when you watch for these things look. For blocking gestures blocking gestures if they bring if you're in the middle of a deep interrogation type process they start bringing god into it warning they start bringing god into it my my thank you tommy give her another big round of applause i'm just picking on her god into it my instructor you say danny johnson you say they're lying to you yeah that good old southern boy accent they're lying to you right.

So look. For blocking gestures look. For soothers in other words if they touch their face if they're especially their nose they tend to rub their nose people tend to when they lie they tend to touch their nose a lot of course they could also have allergies right. Um watch their blink rate and their how they squint when peop again remember these are all individual traits in character the lexicon is longer than i can name if you don't have a baseline you have no.

Place to start. So the baseline is always going to be what is their normal speed at which they speak how is their norm what is their normal posture how close do they normally stand to you if i can get a baseline of their pupil size that's where i like to play remember one of the there's maybe a a a fraction of the people on the planet who can do anything even remotely controlling their pupil dilation. So when the way it works is when people see you and they like you or anything they like for that matter their pupils dilate okay. When they're distancing or analyzing or criticizing or cognating in some way they shrink it's a fight-or-flight response okay.

The only two times that pupils really dilate is when you're extremely attracted or stoned or you're terrified. So if you're work if you're talking to someone male female doesn't matter i'm from california it kind of goes every which way. But loose right. And the pupils are really big.

First thing you do is look. At their feet if there's no. Puddle they're attracted. But we want to look.

At their feet. Anyway why because the feet are the one thing are the body part we pay the least amount of attention to. So if i'm engaged in a conversation i'll pick on somebody else i'll pick on this lady here. So we're talking and we're doing this thing and she's starting to we're starting to get into a topic that i find it on can you all see me okay.

I'm sorry well come on over come a little bit closer. Anyway if i'm starting to feel uncomfortable. First i'll start to posturally shift away my feet may start doing this if you don't know if you can see how my feet are starting to angle away all right. So if i'm standing um can i use you i'll use you right.

Pretend you're a hot woman come on up that's better i like him already i'm from california. Anyway. So one of the things that's taught in uh the old school pick-up introduction worlds is what we commonly refer to as the false time constraint false time constraint okay. If you walk up to say i only got a minute i just need to ask you a quick question they stopped keeping time.

So literally if he's if this is a hot chick standing at a bar right. I walk by hey hey look. I i only got a minute. But i was sorry hash me too right.

Anyway i only got a minute i was just curious um have you been here before no. First time okay. I'm curious um um you just noticed you had a really really nice energy are you some kind of physical activity or a dancer or a model or something like that yeah okay. Excellent all right.

So now. First i grabbed his boot that was a bad idea. But now notice what i did here as i walked by i noticed and i was like oh hey look. At my feet see how i'm half and half out he doesn't consciously see that.

But his proprioceptive system has motor neurons it picks it up. So as i'm talking it looks like i'm just going to ask a question and leave. But now i'm going to open them with an opinion or something like that and you can just launch into a three-magic questions protocol you can go into some of the storytelling stuff we got opinion openers whatever because it creates they stop keeping time whereas if i just walked up and started talking they'd be like right. Get away from me right.

Thanks i'm a big round of applause okay. So get a baseline look. For clusters a cluster is any two or more body language characteristics that shift in this within a three to five. Second window now you want to look.

For are they consistent you bring them you talk about something that may provoke them you calibrate the change talk about something non-threatening something different see if they go back if they go back circle around ask again in a different way notice what changes right. Wash rinse repeat ask a question calibrate the response circle back wash rinse repeat if every time you approach that subject you get a consistent shift from the date from the baseline they may or may not be the exact same things they usually are or similar too it's amazing how consistent people are with their gestures which by the way if in case you didn't know gestures are the language we had before we learned we evolved speech as human beings it's primary to every other communication system that you have. So when people talk about their being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence techniques you often as a therapist especially you'll often hear people say you know i got this block and i just can't figure out what it is or where it is if i could figure out where it was i could do something about it. But i just can't figure out where it's at right.

Or some or sometimes you'll see this i got this problem and i just can't figure it out well they just told you on a subliminal neurological level where around them that information is stored and what direction it's moving to maintain itself how many people are familiar with the spinning technique i teach if all you did was have them grab it spin it the opposite way their would go away literally yeah many times don't believe me find a human in their natural habitat and spin that away and if you have if you have them become aware of it turn it into a color physically reach out and spin it the other way it gets even stronger right. Those you've been to any of our classes you guys know happened how many people came to personality transformation yesterday the. Last three weeks you guys having coming up hell yeah system's purging right. How are we doing on time okay.

Baseline clusters provoke relax provoke again look. For shifts in posture either towards or away from look. For deviations in your baseline if you can calibrate pupil dilation if they lie or they're trying to make something up or something come up with something cool to say the. First thing they'll happen aside from the nlp accessing cues is their pupils will tend to shrink i call it the people dance you'll literally see people people's going boing boing boing boing depending on where they're at in that continuum of emotion right.

Remember deception or deception indicators are really leakages of emotional stress that we can't physically manage or consciously or manage with our neocortex your conscious mind of the three parts of your brain your reptile brain your limbic system your neocortex the neocortex is the two-year-old of the system it's the one that yells the least and has the least capabilities it's the least informed and the. Last to know when we start looking for deception indicators what we're looking for are the pieces that the conscious mind couldn't manage effectively okay. They're incongruent they're out of proportion to the rest of the system. But we got to know what the baseline of that system is also look.

For crosses anytime people start crossing themselves whether it's the legs the legs will often give you the best most accurate information because one of the things that happens is if they can't if a person cannot physically move all of them away they will move apart away. So if i'm sitting here and my feet are nice and flat on the floor this may happen all i'm doing if these are my legs and this is the stool all that happens is this i just move my feet backwards okay. Again small things together indicate arousal arousal is usually an indicator of potential deception i keep using that word because i need you to understand as far as i can tell as far as polygraphers can tell there is no. Single trait that indicates deception right.

Going back to this how about editing old editors how many people here know the old editor's trick that if you want to find a if you want to find all your more errors start from the be the back and work liars cannot tell their story out of sequence they generally can't unless they've really really rehearsed it which most people just don't they can't start in one place backtrack go to another place and be consistent in their cues. So it's called narrative interview technique okay. Cycle back through of the three categories of lives the most challenging to catch are what we call lies of influence lies of influence are lies of perception their ways their their their attempts to distract you or move the direction of the conversation towards something other than the lie. So a common live influence might be you ask your husband or your wife have you been cheating on me an honest person will say no.

I'm not cheating on you right. Pardon my french not really right. But someone who's participating in a lie of deflection might say honey you know i don't believe in things like that right. So if you weren't looking for the discrepancy you might miss that and assume it was a denial.

But it isn't somebody a woman has a big rich flat maid comes in for 20 years cleans the house one day she comes home her favorite bracelet is gone she calls the cops cops come in they start interviewing everybody they pull up they bring up the maid they ask the maid did you take this lady's bracelet i have been her maid for 20 years i'm retiring a month how why would i ever do such a thing she took. It right. Look. For deflections look.

For deviations from the conversation that go to the person's character rather than the act or the behavior you're asking them about does that make sense and be ready pay attention pay attention okay. Um look. For tapping gestures again these are all stress indicators things that may indicate stress what's one of my favorite ones oh non-fluencies if you're paying attention to a person's voice quality does their pitch go up does their voice speed up do they start getting inconsistent in their delivery and consistency is actually goes to a channel of communication we call honest signals based on the research by alexander penland over at stanford he discovered four distinct channels of nonverbal communication that happen in socially competitive groups one of which is consistency consistency is actually on a continuum with variability i just don't have a that's all right. I'll just do this this is why i always carry a spare and by the way how many people who would actually like to to make more money doing public speaking and booking more clients and things like that okay.

Pay attention one of the honest signals i'm talking about which goes directly to this these non-fluencies these inconsistencies in a person's speech pattern is an honest signal known as consistency and variability the book. Is called honest signals by sandy pendlen there's a companion book. I recommend you pick up called power cues by nick morgan excellent way to actually apply some of these things consistency is how smoothly and fluidly we can deliver a process or a program or a teaching it goes directly to the amount of credibility we have in people when we teach we want to have a high level of consistency in how we speak we don't want to have hot you know really squeaky voice really low voice in irregular pauses that makes us more inconsistent the more consistent we are the more credibility we have the more people tend to do what we say. So for leadership applications sales well maybe coaching applications specifically teaching applications you want a high level of variability or not consistency see how consistent i am right.

In in your presentation the other end of the scale is what we call um variability now obviously this is the bad stuff there's this happy medium the further along the continuum you go the more changeable you come across as being the more open you seem to oust external direction right. At the total at the far end of the scale someone who's extremely very inconsistent which is where we start to see our deception indicators ums errs oz uh pauses hi squeaky voice where they used to talk like very white you know right. These are what we look. For changes in the baseline changes in their posture changes in their orientation do they go from an open posture to a closed posture do their pupils dilate baseline baseline baseline if you're going to start on this process that's where you got to start you got to pay attention you gotta look.

Who's the person in front of you does their variability and consistency change when they speak when they present right. By the way most of the research that penland did was in large groups of people with the sound off and with these little devices they called sociometers they were able to predict the decisions a group would make with 80 accuracy sometimes more with the 30. Second slice of the video monitoring these honest signals this is one of four we don't have time for all of them. But this is the one we want to look.

For most often when we're dealing with lie detection and deception okay. Let's put this over here now i have 10 minutes left i'm speaking really fast because i'm trying to get as much into you as humanly possible normally i would have you all shake each other's hand and give each other raspberries. But uh yeah some of us miss those things all right. So what's the.

First thing we look. For baseline. Then what do you look. For and we look.

For changes how clusters clusters if you can get training in micro expressions great you can go to uh paulekman.com there's that he has a training program uh mike mandel is going to be doing a whole course on hypno. Graphology for hypnotists the traits of deception tend to show up in handwriting just an idea unfortunately nobody writes anymore we all type right. My handwriting analysis stuff was based on cursive. So i'm right.

But uh graphical analysis is one of the most powerful skills i ever learned until i learned and once i learned face reading everything made sense i saw the matrix there's a lot of direct correlation between what goes on in your handwriting and how your face develops microexpressions are things you do in the moment when you're trying to suppress that momentary emotion okay. Face reading chinese from the chinese side is the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions and events in your life. So they're very complementary look. For people trying watch their faces.

Last watch their posture watch their orientation watch how they they sell soothe right. They touch their nose they start scratching their nose they weren't scratching their nose before flag it okay. They start stumbling over their words it's usually because their stress level and their brain are in sync okay. I was a great example of that this morning because everything that could have gone wrong went wrong i was like you know what you're just flustered.

So i said it who's what i normally do. Anyway right. Um after a while you stop taking yourself. So seriously seriously a couple some other things um did you get all you all get those little red notebooks by the way all right.

Those uh and there's a postcard that came with it you guys got that all right. So um get out those little red notebooks for me uh where's my little red wagon oh sorry a couple of things that i want to just cover with you guys before i turn you set you off into the void um those are my gift to you for you to take little notes or whatever. But i'd like you to take out one piece of paper and uh i'd write i'd like you to write your name phone number and email on it i know five minutes thank you and once once that's done i'd like you to pass it to the center aisle and as you do that i'm gonna explain why how many people have ever seen this particular notebook. If you've been to the hypnothoughts the.

Last two or three years you may have seen them raffling these off during the uh the session right. What this is is my product catalog and my course my live training calendar for 2018 2019 in this book. In the back of the book. Is a pro is a package called the mondo supremo i want it all package what that is is any two live events with me anytime in the future two full-length video training courses each are valued at around 1500 bucks each the trainings are around 1900 each plus any five smaller digital video courses that i have now i'm not telling you this because i'm trying to sell it to you i'm telling you this because each day they're going to be raffling off one of these for free you will can come train with me two trainings two full-length video courses five videos for free.

But there's more every day when i teach i am going to be raffling off one of those packages for free and we're going to do it at the end of every training. So if you don't put your name in the hat you can't win anybody want to train with me for a while no. You. Then.

So you can take your your slips pass them to the center aisle tina and seth will come around and collect them uh right. At the two minute mark we'll go ahead and uh and draw the names and we'll award our winner okay. In the meantime while you're doing that i'm happy to take any questions that we have yes. Sweetie by nick morgan yeah i find sandy's book.

Was very very good in terms of the research and the what nick morgan's book. Is excellent in applying and making these things workable as a technique yes. Right. There are things that people consistently do when they lie poker players study this all the time the question was the question was i had this he had this she had this gentleman was every time you tell a lot he'd do this right.

How could you tell he was lying right. We would call that a tell if if this were a poker training or something like that that's a towel it's a tells people people like i said people's behaviors even when they deviate from their baseline are remarkably consistent where yet a little bit more variation is when they start describing their issues right. If somebody has a block it may be here if somebody has something they just never get around to it might be here right. But when they lie there's almost always a consistency to it question yeah um [Music] okay.

And i deliberately avoided that in this training. But since you asked nlp teaches us that people people access different parts of their neurology through where they move their eyes. Now this is true right. This is true left from my perspective right.

People always get that. So tell you what let's do it this way no. We're gonna do it my way. So this is the right.

Side this is the left side if you take the eyes. You divide them through the center you have the lateral quadrants you have downs here okay. To keep it really really simple up is visual when the eyes. Go up or sometimes they just kind of glaze off and go straight ahead they're accessing a visual modality okay.

If they shoot off to the left or to the right. You're usually accessing your auditory cortexes which by the way happens quite often when people are trying to rehearse what they're going to say in their head before it comes out you'll see them shoot their eyes. To the right. However you'll also see people who don't speak english as a native language or who speak english as a.

Second language do this especially if they're still just learning because they're literally listening to what you said calibrating it figuring out what they're going to say. Next and. Then shooting it out happens like that okay. Which is why you need to train okay.

When i we could go really really far into the minutia of lie detection and things like that. But you don't have the sk a lot of you don't have the skill sets the requisite sensory acuity to catch these things. But you can see the big stuff you can see the big stuff the shifts the turns the crosses you can hear the changes in the voice you're not going to see the dilation of the left nostril as they as a as the right. Side blessed you're just not going to see it you you can train for it.

But you're not gonna see it this stuff you can see right. So start with those uh in body language people reading for fun and profit we're gonna show you how to speed read people from across the room you'll be able to tell who's into who who's not who's having it who isn't how close people are to doing the mating dance stuff like that anybody want to win something all right. Excellent i feel like the great karnak you tell who's the old people in the room think why and if your name comes up tim mcnichol come on down [Applause] congratulations you're our. Next contestant all right.

For you hold on to that awesome all right. Either my watch is wrong oh that's right. We only have to look. 10 50 don't i thought i have to 10 o'clock damn it i had more stuff okay.

Anyway on your on your lap excuse me ma'am yeah this is another gift i have for you each and every one of you the only reason i'm up here is because of you that narcissistic training. But every year you guys come in you show love and when i come to hypno. Thoughts i want to give that's that's what i'm here for you people will tell you it's all i want to do like you're welcome this is my way of saying thank you this is a gift card on the back is a coupon code htl2018 if you go to my nlpower.com website you can purchase any training or any video it's good for one transaction sixty percent off okay. Sixty percent off is my gift for you okay.

No. String because i love all of you thank you all. So much for coming we'll see you tomorrow speed attraction [Applause] sure.
