Title: SPEED ATTRACTION - Charisma on Command and Hypnotic Conversational Skills and Body Language Secrets
File Name: ASmL_0gfVFk.txt
Video Id: ASmL_0gfVFk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASmL_0gfVFk

That class is at the end of the training all right. Speed attraction 2.0 which starts with speed attraction one. So how many of you this is your. First training with this weird dude in a vest oh my god look.

At all the new faces fresh me you poor suckers all right. So my name is david snyder and i've been presenting here at hypno. Thoughts uh pretty much since the beginning and today's class i have a i'm a licensed acupuncturist i'm a certified trainer in neuro-linguistic programming i've been doing nlps forever i've authored over 15 different products actually heck a lot more than that now on various forms of human influence from hypnotherapy to conversational hypnosis to attraction and relationship work in 2005 i was actually voted one of the top 10 attraction experts by art of approaching in seductionlayer.com magazine and recently some weird herd of people decided to vote me as the number two nlp dude in the world and i blame you for that because now everyone hates me and i'm very insecure yeah. But you can tell by the vest right.

My i always i started on the fringe i've worked my way to mainstream now i'm working my way somewhere back to the middle and the reason i i say that is because the technology i'm going to share with you today started in in one of the places that at least the time when i was learning it was not something you talked about in open company it was called the seduction community now just for the record i hate that word i despise that word because it implies that you're going to induce somebody to do something that's not in their best interest or something they're going to regret. Later i don't like that word. So i don't use it much. But for getting your attention it works really well i do prefer the term attraction though because attraction means a lot of things in a lot of different contexts.

But one of the things that i have discovered and the technology that we're going to be sharing with you has exploded beyond just the narrow the narrow continuum in which it was developed like. So many things that have come from that community the power of it when you take it out of that context and move it into other contexts where any human being needs to communicate with an and connect with another human being is off the charts anybody here human raise your hands if you're human being okay. If you're human this will work for you if if you're not human you might as well get the out now because it ain't gonna matter right. Okay.

A couple disclaimers for those of you who this is my your. First time with me. First of all apparently they know something's coming right. Um if profanity colorful metaphors swear um incorrect politically incorrect language or the word boobies offends you you should probably beat feet out the door now okay.

If this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me. Next and i will right. My way of asking for a volunteer is usually usually amounts to something like oh you're fresh right. Uh if i do ask you to come up um if you come up you are consenting to be videoed um usually during the speed attraction and advanced conversational hypnosis workshops i don't call up a lot of volunteers the reason being is because when people come up onto stage they go into volunteer mode which means they start expect they start responding the way they expect they want me i think they should.

So usually what i do is i just start conversing with conversing with people in the audience because and just a standard operating procedure when you watch me talking to somebody don't watch me don't watch me watch the person i'm talking to watch their responses listen to their words and how they respond to what i say now i don't know when it's going to happen i don't know who it's going to be with this room got really full all of a sudden holy now i'm getting nervous. So let me explain a little bit about where this i'm gonna i wanted to tell you where this comes from because i wanted to be up front with you okay. Not that i'm ashamed of it i'm proud of it because one of the things you can always count on is the creativity of a horny male okay. Just ingenious stuff that we we will do to to learn how to understand women better now i say that.

But the protocol i'm going to teach you was designed by women to be used on men yes. And i had to tweak it a little bit for both genders to benefit because i am from california and we're equal that way right. So there's. First thing that we're going to understand is that we talk about trust and intimacy and connection now i say this is 2.0 because over the past 12 18 months i've come across some other things that i think make this even more bulletproof you don't need it.

But if you add this in the science behind it is rock solid. So we're going to start with one thing. First and foremost you got to learn to be playful in any context in any environment within the you know what's acceptable you got to learn to be playful and fun because the fastest way to make any human being feel something is to feel it. First is to change the way you feel.

So we're going to talk a lot about something called state control now there's only in in my trainings specifically there's only two trainers i know including myself that actually drill you on state control they teach you how to go in and out of any emotional state at will his name is mark cunningham and i learned it from him and i've taken it and gone in my own direction. But he's actually floating around this training somewhere. So if you see mark wave at him and say thank you right. But we've got to learn to be playful and in fact i downloaded a video not about a year or.

So ago i shared this information at the. Last training that even in a very tense hostile environment like hostage negotiation the ability to be playful and light-hearted actually increased successful outcomes by 31 when you become more playful when you get learned to have fun and generate those feelings of light-heartedness in yourself automatically gain at least 30 percent more access to your natural resources and because you feel that way the mirror neurons and the people you're conversing with start to pick that up and mirror it also and pretty soon you fall into uh resonance together now that's science that's that's not mumbo jumbo that's not auras and all that cool stuff although i know some of you are into that right. It's science it's neuroscience. So everything that i'm going to teach you has a scientific background to the most part where i can where i can point you in that i will where i won't i won't care because i'm a neuro-linguistic programmer and we don't care about science we just care about what works okay.

Is there anybody else besides me warm okay. A little okay. So. First thing we're gonna do is we're gonna actually do a little we're gonna do something a little bit different than i did.

Last year we're gonna play with state control right. Off the bat because i think we need to understand that we have tremendous tremendous ability to go into and out of altered are not altered states well they are altered everything we do is altered. But to control our emotions in a bunch of different ways the fastest way to do that is through your posture and your breathing posture how many people here would like to be more charismatic okay. How many people would like to be able to turn it on and off like a switch you know there are certain people in the world who can do that there was a very famous star a movie star back in the was it the 50s or 40s marilyn monroe 50s right.

Now her rhythm was norma norma jean and norma she could walk the subway as norma and nobody'd give her a. Second look. But whenever she wanted to she could flip the maryland switch and there she was right. Other people can do that too okay.

In fact there's been a whole bunch of courses related to it. But a lot of it on the physiological side goes back to your posture and your breathing for every psycho-emotional state you have you have a corresponding posture in physiology that activates it you want to see someone get out of depression really quick change their posture i had one guy in my clinic in solana beach which we've now run we're going on 12 12 13 years now where we specialize in treating physiological illness that has its roots repressed emotion i'm a licensed acupuncturist in the state of california i'm certified in bankston energy healing i'm a certified practitioner in uh well you guys know about neuro linguistics. But also dna theta healing advanced state of healing chronic therapy chronic psychotherapy i got more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers okay. And we integrate it all at the clinic we do i don't get i get like three weight loss clients a year i mean i get i get cancer parkinson's disease you know all these more in-depth and i think interesting cases right.

So we have a everything we do is all in high percentage technique we don't have time for things that don't really get things done in in the most efficient amount of time possible normally what i like to do is i like to go around just ask everybody what you want to learn. But it's just not going to work out that way. So before i launch into the state control stuff let me just get a few things out of the way if i could would that be all right. Okay.

First of all you may notice that a there is a yellow piece of paper on your chair that is that says where the is david now in a more politically correct way right. It has a listing of all the events and all the breakouts i'm going to be teaching for this convention as well as the three-day post on sensuality enhancement which is all about creating an environment of intimacy trust and connection and exploring erotic fantasies and things like that it's not more it's not like the bdsm fetish community stuff that's other people do that our stuff my stuff is more vanilla you know stop it tito stop teasing me damn it um. But that if you want to know where my stuff is what i'm doing that's that's what that is for um in your red tablets there if you guys will open that up for me that's another free gift for you if you need to make notes or whatever if you open that up you'll see a little gift card in there and this is cool i think. Anyway of course i made it says a free gift for you vip discount card this card is good for fifty percent off any product on my website or any live training event okay.

So my at the average price for my training starts at 975 and just goes up. So if anybody wants to come out and hang you need to activate this card to activate this card you go to www.nlpower.com forward slash htl2017 yes. That's just individual products not your packages this does not go with any other offer okay. So each discrete package or discrete program or product this will work for.

However well let me finish this. First when you when you go to this page and you enroll you'll also get a free 30-day unlimited access to seven years of archived mastermind mentoring video okay. Uh in 2010 i started probably the world's longest running nlp mastermind nlp hypnosis mastermind mentoring session it's a live training it's not a certification track we meet on the. Third saturday of every month and i literally when they come in it's not you're not going to get a certificate from it it's about people who want to fix a certain aspect of their life get the skills that they need to go out and apply it right.

Then and there. So i literally when you come in i go what do you want to learn today jerry what do you want to learn what do you want to learn joseph what do you want to learn what do you i'm going to write all their stuff up on the board i look. At what they've written or what i've written i find all the connecting threads and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

We have run that program non-stop continuously since 2010 we have videotaped every session every session and we've archived them on the nlp power website all seven years of it there is thousands of hours of material there for you to watch for free okay. So you get a free 30-day trial if you want to stay in after that after that you'll it's just 99 a month you can cancel it at any time. But for those of you who want to like to binge watch our stuff no. Because i know you guys don't do that right.

Now i will warn you we did edit it somewhat we edit out all the dead space as much as we could. But remember the content is member driven it's not me saying we're going to cover this today it's me saying amir what do you want to learn today right. So you'll see a lot of overlap on some of the content. But you'll see me teaching things and hear me teaching things and tweaks of things you'll never see on a youtube video right.

So if you like that kind of stuff most of that stuff has never seen the light of day outside of the archive you guys have it's my gift to you for just coming out here and filling a freaking room thank you all. So much for that give yourselves a big round of applause for those of you because i am traditional there is kit kats at the back of the room right. There is kitkats at the back of the room um see if there's any other things if this is the scope of everything i would like to just download into your brains we have time for this. So my commitment to you is this and i and you know guys you guys who were in the breakout yesterday know i am famous for pushing the limits on the time they give me i will take you as far as i can with the material that we can cover today and i'll show you where to go for more if you would like more that be fair okay.

Last piece before we get into content and state management i want you to open up your little red notebooks on the. First piece of paper hold it long way. So you have lots of writing surface i want you to write your name clearly and your email address and please a phone number and. Then what i would like you guys to do is rip that sheet off and pass them to the center aisle and tina where's tina will you collect them as they come to the end please and the reason for that is because i have one final gift that we will do at the end of the session and we will be doing something similar to this at every breakout throughout the convention this is my course catalog i'll wait till you guys are done writing when you're done writing just look.

Up here cool just pass it to the end there and tina will come along and picks it up cool the reason we're doing this is because at the end of this training will be holding a raffle this is my product and events calendar for 2017 and 2018. in this on the. Third page or fourth page of this is the uh the thing everybody loves it's called the david screaming supreme seminar dvd deal mondo supremo i want it all package and what it is is any two live events that i have scheduled either for 2017 or 2018 any two full-length courses video courses in my catalog valued at 14.97 or less and any five smaller digital video products it's a huge package it's worth over seven thousand dollars one of you today is going to walk away with it okay. We will be doing this at every single breakout limit one per customer right. So if i forget remind me because you know and by the way these packages once you have them they don't expire i've had people get this at like back in 2015 they still have a training pending because their schedule changes or whatever.

So it once you're in the system it doesn't expire you don't have to pick your courses right. Away you can just email me and tell me which ones in here you want and i'll activate them within your members area it's that fast and that's simple okay. You gotta draw the line somewhere right. All right.

Very cool. So let's talk about state control. First and foremost when i. First created do we collect all the names we got excellent.

So when we create when when i. First learned this now the book. That i derived the protocol we're going to be working from is called love trances by a guy named craig ravinsky now i don't know if craig learned it from some of the more nefarious people in the seduction world all i know is that craig wrote a great book. For women to use on men and like all great attraction techniques most of the things that work best on women are the things they came up with themselves to use on us right.

Where am i okay. So the book. Is called love trances if you can get it on amazon for those of you who are into conversational hypnosis um i think it's really good his name is craig ravinsky rovinsky rov that looks like a j ravinski. So that's the.

First place now i got the the inspiration for this from his book. And. Then i started playing with it and it turned out it was a tremendously useful framework for creating conversation anytime anywhere. So i started playing with it at that time i was involved in a mastermind which was predominantly female it was lisa sassovich's sales and authenticity and success mastermind.

So i was like in a room of 500 very highly intelligent highly successful women and three other men it's a suck world. But it turns out that this particular protocol is tremendously good for creating a very powerful intimate connection bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes now i look. At the the archetype of romantic connection or the the the process of romantic connection as the archetype for all social interactions okay. And.

So anything that we that that causes one plus one to equal three if you can get that metaphor right. Can be used in any interaction where two people need to come together for a common purpose think networking prospecting turning a prospect into a client i teach i coach and teach and consult with about 40 personal injury attorneys they use this on their prospective clients they also use it in vladir they win the court case before it even hits the trial because they connect. So powerfully with the jurors they can turn a badger into a good juror okay. That's how powerful this is okay.

Remember this all emotions are trances all emotional states are trans states all a trance state really is is a combination of absorption and narrowing focus of attention that create that gives access to certain resources and perceptions while moving you away or eliminating the ability to perceive others okay. That's all a trance is human beings are trans machines we do this all the time the problem is is that we don't know how to recognize it when we're not you know doing some kind of formal hypnotic induction. So one of the things that we need to. First understand is all emotions or trans states the greater the neurological arousal the more rapidly the conscious mind checks out in other words the more intense the emotions the more rapidly your filters change does that make sense okay.

So. First person we got to start with is us we got to learn to control our state we got to get fun we got to get playful how many by a show of hands can feel good for no. Reason that's not good enough everybody stand the up all right. First and foremost i want you to do something with me i'm going to have you do a couple of things with me is that okay.

You guys want to do some stuff with me he's like oh what's he going to have us do i heard about this guy on television all right. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really wanted i mean really want it and you decided. First and foremost that you were going to get it no. Matter what i want you to step into that moment i want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt smell and taste what you smell in your taste most importantly my friends i want you to stand the way you were standing you saw it you decided to make a plan you worked that plan you nailed it home run i want you to remember that moment of victory remember that moment when you knew you nailed it you were a winner let those feelings come flooding back stand that way now what i want you to do just for fun i want you to notice where in your body you feel it and point to it for me go ahead don't be bashful.

First impression that's right. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's that color. First impression you don't tell me just tell yourself it's all right. Now once you imagine a big ball of that energy floating above your head right.

Here right. Now i want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy and that color begins to grow begins to expand it begins to fill the room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between note how it notice how it wraps itself around you like a big awesome motivating energizing unstoppable force of success and good feelings and. Then notice how the feelings in your body shift and change again as you breathe that energy through your entire being from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully and.

So completely that it's impossible to turn off when you know it's impossible to turn off try to turn that off and notice what happens instead oh you're stuck being winners now damn it now just for fun remember that place where it started point to where you feel it again imagine there's a fixture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling and if we're floating somewhere in the space around you and you can reach out and touch it reach out and touch it for me that's right. Take both your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now grab the edges of it and without slugging the person behind you make it as big as the room and notice what happens to the feeling oh my goodness there's some very happy people some of you need a shower okay. Bring it back to its original size now keep the size of it exactly the same slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens now get your body involved trust me on this stronger weaker a stronger lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket oops a little too strong there okay.

Excellent stronger weaker okay. Now you can have this feeling back in whatever way you want in just a minute. But for the rest of our drill i want you to unwrap it lift it back up over your head now where you guys come from do they have this thing called frisbees all right. Once you imagine this thing's now shaped like a frisbee and again without slugging the person directly behind you throw it behind you back behind the horizon scan your body notice what happened to the feeling joe what happened oh lift your hands up imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck it back in here's the best part while holding this in your hands remember this always and forever inside your mind your body your spirit you are the god or goddess of your neurology you're the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right.

And privilege and authority and permission to make any change you want for any reason that you want and keep them what i want you to do now with that shape that you're holding is i want you to play with it i want you to change the size the shape the location move it in your body move it out of your body notice how every time you change that shape the feeling qualities change too and i want you to play with it until you find the exact size and shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have instead and when you find that spot fix it into place notice those feelings flowing through your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows that feeling goes into every nerve and every cell and every atom and into the tiny dna of your cells because your hypnotist you all know that your cells and your dna can change notice how that energy begins to reprogram the dna of your body turning each and every cell of your body into a little success and joy and pleasure factory making you unstoppable in every way notice how each cell as it multiplies and divides begins to expand those feelings there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place until it comes. So strong and. So powerful once again it's impossible to turn off and when you know it's impossible to turn off try to turn it off and notice what happens instead and.

Then when you know when you know you're awesome open your eyes. Give yourselves a big round of applause that's level one that's level i didn't say sit down because what we did there was an advanced vibrational technique. But what we're gonna do now is now that you're all feeling pretty good right. I want you to go back into the posture you had this is the most important piece i want you to close your eyes.

Bring back those good feelings again now we're going to use we're going to only work solely with posture and breathing now keep your posture and summon up every ounce of will that you have and try to feel bad keep your posture the same keep your posture notice what happens you can't do it excellent now i want you to turn around look. At that door behind us and you can have all of this awesomeness back in just a moment. But just to show you just how powerful your posture is i want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted you knew you wanted it more than anything you made a plan you put the plan into action. But this time for whatever reason it didn't work out you didn't get it there was a moment when you realized it just wasn't going to happen i want you to remember that feeling of disappointment of loss for lack of a better word i want you to stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing let those feelings come back we're not going to stay here long.

But for the understanding of what's going on it's important now while keeping your posture in this position summon up all your willpower and try to feel good hmm what are you noticing not really working well is it now keep your willpower strong hold on to that negative feeling. But shift your body back to the winning posture and notice what happens that's right. Now let all those good feelings come flooding back 10 times stronger than before when you know you got that turn around look. Up here that's where we start remember anytime you want to change you have seat now give yourselves a big round of applause [Applause] any time any time you need to change your state change your posture this works on everyone i've ever done it with okay.

It takes the minimum amount of willpower to control your posture and the maximum amount of willpower to control a strong emotion and it will burn through your gas tank faster than anything if you're gonna approach somebody that you have never met if you're gonna go to a meeting where you have to maybe talk in front of a hundred people right. You need to hit some serious posture work because the. First part of you to check out is your conscious mind your critical faculty it's the youngest part of your brain the neocortex okay. But we start creating our state from the meet up our perceptual filters change the way we see the world changes if you want to go deeper into this aspect we go real deep in cpi we go real deep in real world hypnosis we're going to go very very deep no.

Pun intended in the sensuality enhancement workshop at the end of the convention right. Because one of the. First things we have to do is we have to get playful we have to remove the inhibitions that say this is bad and that's not right. And again it's it's again what it's it's because it's about becoming who you want to be instead of who you were programmed to be does that make sense that's where we start.

But it starts with understanding your physiology this is tactical this you can do anytime anywhere under any circumstances if you can change your posture even a little bit when you get really good all you can all you have to do is imagine the posture change and it'll engage. But for right. Now your physiology is the most bulletproof way to control your stay and you can change the hormonal balance in your body in as little as two minutes doing this amy cutty proved this and talked about it in her ted talk called power poses if you have not watched this video i highly recommend you do amy cuddy power poses now if you're a presenter here can you see that okay. C-u-d-d-y amy cuddy power poses there's another a great one um i can't her name is vanessa edwards or van edwards what is it yeah she's got a great video that validates even more of the stuff we do in cpi and the advanced influence trainings that we do it's crazy the stuff that's coming out from the vanessa v edwards yeah i'll write that.

Later because i'm gonna actually want to erasing it. Anyway. So there's three poses that amy actually four poses that amy researched in her in her studies. First one of which was the victory pose okay.

In this in this study what she discovered was if you hold this pose for as little as two minutes you get a 20 to 25 bump in your testosterone and a corresponding decrease in cortisol. So you become progressively more dominant assertive creative and relaxed at the same time when she tested people by sending them into the hardest interview she could con construct the people who did the power pose prior to the session scored way way higher on the interview than the control groups did or the people who didn't do the poses at all okay. I like i said i consult with personal injury attorneys and they consult with their clients and their witnesses. So i taught my clients how to do this for when they go into the courtroom they had clients who were terrified of getting up on the stand and testifying and what i found out.

Later was one of the people who was terrified of testifying was actually the coach of a little league or a little high school football team and they hadn't won a championship in like five years and what he would do is between in intermissions and at half time and before the game he would have them hold this for two to five minutes they took. The championship that year. So if you do any kind of performance enhancement this will get you going okay. This goes to charisma because charismatic people are naturally assertive they tend to take up space vertically and horizontally their posture is usually immaculate or very close to it posture and charisma go hand in hand to presence okay.

These are things that are what we i call them for for you they will be what we call active attractors until they become a habit for you once they become habitual they'll become passive attractors they'll always be on. But they're also tactical no. Matter what situation you're in if somebody's pressing on your boundaries you do a a posture shift and in seconds that whole dynamic changes what you're capable of what you can pay attention to what you're aware of automatically shifts and the only thing you have to monitor is the tendency for that negative state to draw you back to the original posture okay. How many of you noticed that when i asked you to try and feel bad from the positive posture there was a little pull right.

That's what i mean there's a there's a feedback loop between your psyche and your soma your mind and your body and we can inject change at either end of that and it will cycle through. But tactically out in the field unless you are a special forces uh soldier uh an elite athlete or or someone who whose mind has to be clear in very very high stress high stakes circumstances you do not have the willpower to overwrite what your body wants to do right. If your body is holding this posture you're going to burn up your resources faster than i'll get out. But it takes a minimal amount of energy to do that and hold it.

So by making you aware of it i've given you the ability to access and utilize it i do this between clients i used before i raised my prices and cut my hours i was seeing clients 10 15 hours a day back to back and i only had like a five to 15 minute break between i'd be hitting this pose every between every single one if you do how many people who do affirmations right. Do this before you do your affirmations they'll manifest faster okay. There is no. Place where this cannot help you the three other poses that she worked on was what i call the wonder woman right.

Um. Then and of course this might mean something a little bit different in san francisco. But we'll talk about that. Later um and of course there's the chairman of the board right.

You ever see a chairman leaning over the negotiation table something like that and. Then there's one where you have your feet up on the desk now you don't do these in the freaking waiting room right. You do these where nobody can see you. But if you're going to approach somebody for the.

First time and you know who your target is okay. Hit the restroom hold the pose for a couple minutes and. Then go make your approach right. You're going to find out that you're going to you're not you as a person may or may not feel different.

But the energy that you'll be sending out the vibe that you'll be sending out to everyone around you will dramatically change okay. Uh questions on that stuff all right. I want to do one more state drill exercise just for fun did you guys know flirting how to posture all right. Anybody want to show me that flirting posture look.

At her she's like getting all playful over here right. And it's and the clue is in our language by the way because you know if people are honest and um straightforward and people that are very reliable how do we call them we call them stand-up guys they're straight shooters they're upright. How about somebody's evil what about somebody who's just a little naughty that would be your world right. The posture for asymmetry or for uh for flirtation or playfulness is asymmetrical when you go to like you know playgirl or hustler or playboy whatever whatever gender magazines you happen to peruse i know nobody here does that you just read the articles it's okay.

I get it right. Nobody no. One of those models are doing this right. They're all here right.

They're all in these asymmetrical poses you hear a whole room crack up the minute you hit an asymmetrical pose you just suddenly feel light-hearted right. So the ability to be playful in any environment that's why we call it flirting for on my video we call flirting for fun and profit has nothing necessarily to do with romance although it can be used that way any place where you can become playful and generate and radiate that playfulness to the people around you causes people to like you more their defenses go down and the ability to gain trust and intimacy exponentially grows and nobody can catch you doing it because it's honest and it's ethical and that brings us to the actual conversational component this is by and large the most ethical honest complete and satisfying way to communicate with another human being okay. We're going to start with something very very simple i'm going to give you the passcode to the human nervous system would that be okay. If you understand this you will get you will become the most fascinating person in the room to whoever you're talking to right.

But you don't want to learn that okay. People get all excited when i do the build up and. Then i tell them what it is and they go really yes. Okay.

So we got the state control thing down all right. Everybody stand up one more time and now what i want you to do i want to i want you to fly back on the wings of time use your amazing imagination or memory or. However you do it i don't care to the time in your life that was awesome do it again to a time in your life when you felt the most playful you got it girl the most if you want to be naughty i don't care i'm not the pleasure police i'm not going to say you can't do that. But i want you to go back to that time in your life i'm not going to ask what you were doing i'm not going to ask who you're with what substances were involved or what toys might be laying around i don't give a right.

All i care about is that when you remember that time when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you feel what you feel you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste best time ever notice there's a place in your body where that feeling starts you don't have to point to it i'm not going to be some of you will i know it's all right. I can use my match oh that's bad i'm not going to imagine that. Anyway notice the colors connected to that feeling or the colors if you will i'd like you to notice something i'd like you to notice a big ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice something else i'd like you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction it's spinning and as an active wheel or you can use your hands if you want reach up and make it spin in the direction that makes it even better double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible to do anything. But get stronger and when you're ready breathe that energy through your entire body slam it into your body let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid filled oh my god i got a bunch of naughty people now holy all right.

Let it just anchor itself in notice that energy works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any member any circumstance that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions generology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful more playful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's locked in try to turn that off and notice what happens instead i like this room now when you're ready open your eyes. Look. Immediately to the person to your right.

The person to your left hold out your hand look. Them in the eyes. And go get good at it for this i want to hear noise complaints from the other rooms excellent give yourselves a big round of applause you guys set the hell down [Applause] pass code to the human nervous system you guys earned it the most important words another human being can hear is not boolea the most important words another human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth the ones that just came out of their mouth and there's a reason for it your neurology you guys ever heard the term neuroplasticity okay. In our profession we throw that term around a whole lot.

But we don't really think about the ramifications of it it's about physics it's not about biology you see neuroplasticity is actually an expression of a law of physics known as resonance when two vibrating sources get in proximity to each other they try to find a common ground a. Third frequency that connects them that is a physics principle every neuron in your body every other cell in your body is seeking to connect with every other cell in your body now if your cells are trying to do that what do you think your nervous system is trying to do what do you think your brain is trying to do look. At our culture today how many different ways we seek connection think about the people in this room why here because you have something in common your neurology is moving through the world trying to find connection with itself that's why you're all here you have more in common than you don't when the words coming out of a person's mouth reach your ears nlp teaches us that we have a primary experience and. Then that primary experience is translated into five basic channels of information visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory you guys pretty much know that nlp 101 there's a whole lot more there than nlp is giving you.

But for our purposes practical stuff when your brain separates that into those five channels it puts it back together holographically inside. But as it comes up to your awareness to talk about it it goes through a set of filters and a near infinite number of filters it deletes information it distorts information it generalizes information until. Finally what comes out of your mouth is a compressed lossy you guys know that term lossy it's like if you have a big picture right. A big like high resolution picture and it's too big to fit through your email you have to save it to a smaller size and.

Then grandma gets the picture and blows it up and all of a sudden half the picture's gone because there's information that's that's what lossy means your words are lossy until they hit the other person's nervous system and. Then it's like grandma looking at that lossy picture with all the stuff missing and trying to guess what should be there and put the picture back together that's what actually happens in verbal communication and. Then when we communicate with the person who just talked to us we're responding to what we think they mean based on our own internal experience not what they actually intended to say or to communicate how does that relate to this very simple the words remember every human being on the planet is seeking to connect with itself the words that just came out of their mouth have been 100 percent approved by every filter they have they know exactly what those words mean they know what values they're attached to what emotions and experiences they're relevant to and they're waiting for the ping back you guys know how radar and sonar works right. Sends out a little pulse and whatever bounces back it knows where things are in psychological terms we call it projection we're projecting our internal environment onto everyone around us and assuming they do it like we do it's called the checklist my.

First course on sexuality was called secret orgasm tips it was all about teaching men how to become any woman's ideal lover the. First time they were together before they even had sex and that's where it started right. Now here's one of those watch the response moment men pay attention by the way ladies this works on men too we're just more simpler right. We're a little dense sometimes though.

So you have to give us a little bit of a little bit of leeway ladies let me ask you a question if you met a man who talk to you in the way that made you feel the most understood like they truly got you if he knew exactly where to touch you and how almost as if he was reading your mind how to kiss you in the way you've always fantasized about being kissed to caress you in that way to take you on that fantasy that you never told anyone and yet they somehow knew it what would you not do for that person look. At them guys that's what guys ladies your turn if you met a woman who could rock your world almost like she was reading your mind all those little things that you know when you're by yourself in your room and you fantasize man i wish i could find a woman to do that would give me this look. At him go ladies we're a little more easier to spot the difference the primary difference both of you have a checklist in nlp terms it's called criteria and values the criteria is the checklist is the conditions that have to be met in that person's neurology the parameters of the experience that triggers a certain feeling in their bodies now this is not limited to relationships at all in fact it was the. Last place it was ever applied which is a tragedy.

First place was applied was in therapy. Then it went into the business world. Then. Finally i got a hold of it and i started applying it slightly differently okay.

You have a checklist that is connected that has a set of conditions that need to be met that generates a feeling state and. Then we label that feeling it could be intimacy it could be trust it could be respect doesn't matter you have a checklist and a label for everything that's important to you that checklist represents how you know you're getting what you believe to be the most right. And a perfect way for things to be in your world it is the foundation of your identity you understand that you can't talk about these things without going into a profound state of pleasure or connection and trust now everything that human beings do is about feelings you guys know this yes. Or no.

Everything you think everything you feel everything you aspire to in life is driven by a feeling in spite of what nlp teaches you nlp teaches you that some people are visual and some people are auditory and some people are kinesthetic and some people are somewhat olfactory. But if they washed less they wouldn't be quite as olfactory that's a different. But that's not really true we're all those things. However everybody is driven to do what they do because of feeling it's either a feeling you want more of or a feeling you want a whole lot less of yes.

You have visual modality stuff going on you have auditory stuff going on and olfactory and gustatory stuff going on. But those things don't cause you to move those things ultimately result in you feeling a certain way that causes you to take an action. So if everything human beings do is driven by feeling why don't we just start there that's why i taught you state control. First right.

You have these things in your body called mirror neurons the source book. That i used for this was called mirroring people by italian researcher named yakuboni you could probably find it on amazon or google it and another aspect of your neurology called proprioception your proprioceptive nervous system okay. These two things interact to give you your own personal radar ladies you ever walked into a crowded bar or a place where people are getting together and you're from across the room you feel the ickiness rising on the back of your neck right. And you turn around and there's some dude over in the corner going oh nurse nancy nurse nancy right.

Thank your proprioceptive nervous system your proprioceptive nervous system monitors at least six different kinds of information in your environment oops thank you i'm apparently losing money again right. One of which is electromagnetic fields now just as an aside little sidebar your heart the largest most powerful rhythmic source in your body radiates an electromagnetic field that can be detected with instruments eight feet in diameter what do we say about all resonant sources they want to sink is anybody here sitting within eight feet of another human being guess what's happening it can't not happen the longer i keep you together the more in sync you become okay. And i we have cool ways in our trainings to test that literally you can people start swaying back and forth they have no. Idea it's happening because it's not about being consciously aware of it it's about synchronizing with another neurology like two bluetooth synchronizing okay.

How many people have seen me do that stuff or have done that stuff let me try raise your hand talk to these people i don't have time to demonstrate now because i want to get to the the newer stuff. But i need to get to the primary stuff. First right. But we literally bring people we get in sync and we start making them do all swaying back and forth and it's bizarre right.

Because the neurologies communicate there's always an interaction of information going back and forth and for most of us now that's not going to be any true any longer for the people in this room i've given you the window in what you do with what i've given you in the. First section of this training is all up to you i just gave you the keys to accessing the force you're all jedi in training now the more you work with that energy the more you work with those techniques the more rapidly your neurology will evolve the more neuroplastic you will become and the more things you'll be able to do with it okay. I'm not kidding you okay. The world according to david is a pretty cool place.

But it freaks people out if you don't have the right. Training okay. Moving right. Along going back to that's why i started with the feelings because you can actually tap into person from across the room using your posture and physiology there will be a feeling shift in your body that lets you know you've accessed the system at that moment any emotional state you engender in yourself will start to prime their neurology to go into the same state either the same state or a complementary state for instance when i say same or complimentary what i mean is using attraction as an example if you start generating how many people ever felt attractive anybody ever felt attractive okay.

Not attracted that's different feeling attractive gives you dominance in a frame feeling attracted puts you one down okay. When you engender the feeling of attractiveness in yourself when you stand that way you walk that way you will start to create a feel a comp a compensatory feeling or a counter feeling in another individual that will either cause them to feel attractive as well or to go into a state of attraction that's what i mean by a complementary state or the same state right. And. Then depending on which one they go into and you can usually read that by their posture ventral orientation and their pupil dilation um they're they're going to go into a better feeling stay they're going to feel good right.

But it also changes the the frame and the filters you bring to the interaction it's all done non-verbally and you don't need to be right. Next to the person although when we train you we start right. Here and. Then we eventually you can do it from across the room when you get really good you can do it from across the planet okay.

But this is all tactical stuff control your own state. First and. Then everything else kind of falls in line how many people here know what the emotional refractory period is raise your hands if you've heard that if you haven't the book. To reference is called emotions revealed by dr paul eckman he was the consultant for a show called lie to me if you like that show there's a lot of good science there.

But in his book. Emotions revealed dr ekman identifies a phenomenon within our neurology called the emotional refractory period and what that is remember i said a trance state is a set of perceptual filters combined with a set up with absorption and focus you guys remember when i said that what dr ekman discovered that is when an emotion when a human being experiences an emotional state change the perceptual filters in their mind shift. So let's say you're in an environment uh and again this is completely contrived example. But just to get the point across let's say you're in an environment you're in a good mood you go into an environment and there are ten units of data in that environment right.

Five of them all right. Yeah look. At this five of them are good positive they match the state you're in five of them bad or not matching the state you're in guess which ones you're orient on. First if you're in a bad state yes.

You'll go here if you're in a good state you'll go here you're gonna sort for the elements in your environment that match the state you're in strengthen it or re-trigger it anybody here ever been in an argument with somebody raise your hands if you've ever been in an argument the rest of you are lying i get it it's okay. Right. How many people have heard of the experience where you have this he said she said knock down drag out fight whatever it was and. Finally you settle the argument peace and.

Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes. Later anything you say pisses them off again welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period you all do it it's just a question of how long you stay there when you start understanding the full scope of state control you can start harnessing the emotional refractory period completely non-verbally to prime a person's neurology to parse your language and pay attention to the aspects of your communication that match what you want them to feel that's a skill set and i teach it to personal injury attorneys who are pulling down seven consistent seven figure verdicts from hostile judges okay. Not just for going out and finding your nest boopsie or biff right.

When you're doing this in law enforcement you're doing this in interrogation you're doing this in a prospect like i have a 90 plus percent close rate for my clients people coming in nine out of 10 who come in become clients the others get on a waiting list they eventually become clients and i teach this to my to my students it doesn't fail because it's based on these kinds of things you need to remember your job as a hypnosis how many people are actually see clients all right. How many people want to see clients okay. You're all a special kind of stupid. So am i because my demographic falls into one of three people one of three kinds people who want to fix their own that's the biggest one right.

A lot of money a lot of opportunities there. Then there's the. Second highest demographic people who want my help to fix their ship slightly smaller demographic higher price tag right. And.

Then there's the elite the special kind of stupid they want to go around fixing other people's right. Really smaller demographic much bigger price tag right. And it's okay. Because that's not something you choose that's something that chooses you and we all know this don't we we can't not do it right.

You can use this with at every single level you can use this with every single person that you meet. But the. First thing you need to understand is that the most important word see see how i got back to that the most important thing that they can hear the moment they meet you is their own words their own words questions on that yes. Sir say they're receiving in silence how do you give them their own words see these silence back kenneth clinton one of who i think is the god of conversations this tells the story kenrick cleveland maxpersuasion.com this is from one of his early early versions of max persuasion which i think was actually better than a lot of the stuff he's put out since um and i really binged on that one for a long time.

But kendrick tells a story back when he was selling memberships to a health club and in that time roids were a big thing and there was this professional bodybuilder and kenrick's manning the front desk and this huge bodybuilder comes storming out to the lobby goes god damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room and kendrick's like and. Then his training kicked in he went oh he went god damn it there's no. Toilet paper in the men's room you are a good customer you're respected you come here every day you deserve to have toilet paper in the men's room the bodybuilder goes wait a minute calm down match their state the neurology seeks what myself now a lot of people take that idea of matching state to mean if you get if there's somebody's angry you get angry too.

But they get angry at the person who's angry no. You get angry at what they're angry at and. Then you're no. Longer an outsider now you're walking together huh supposed meaning suppose the person is like well.

Then match it if they're angry we said you know what i'm an i'm sorry you have every right. To be i'm pissed at me i can't believe i did that you see match their state don't don't use your words to change their state use your state to change their state and. Then follow it up and redirect it with your words right. Data data bounces off the neocortex especially depending on the level of emotional arousal that you have because the higher that emotion gets the more data driven you you do not become the more emotional arousal hits your system the more you default to heuristic thinking just word of mouth pre-programmed things that eliminate thinking.

So if you try to argue if you try to logic with someone who's pissed off you're just going to piss them off more okay. Regardless of whether you're actually right. Understand that if you want to be powerful you must master state control and. Then 80 of your persuasion is done before you open your mouth yes.

Sir. So say you're in a conflict in which case you don't appreciate the way the other person is acting towards you and don't feel they're acting ethically towards you how do you keep your own um ecology cool real cool composer whatever belief system change of physiology. First thing dude the minute somebody hits you with a barrage of emotion the. First thing you do is got to change your physiology okay.

Because the physiology puts up a little wall keeps that energy from actually hitting your nervous system in a way now people will hit you people will blindside you don't get me wrong. But the understanding of physiology means no. One can ever push your buttons for long ever again they can take you by surprise. But the minute you become aware of that state fix it fix it right.

Now there's other things you can do with this in cpi my conversational persuasion and influence training we have in the state control module we have techniques called master and commander and rock star right. In the book. Love trances that i told you about craig writes about this woman who you know on a 10 scale he's doing man speak right. Was probably about a five to seven and yet whenever she would go out to these nightclubs and bars and things like that she would have men flocking to her in droves and her friends were like nines and tens and they was like what are you doing how do you how are you doing this and craig eventually pulled her aside and interviewed her and she said how are you getting all these men to just flock to you she was oh that's easy she goes before i walk in i imagine that i'm a rock star and everybody's there to see me what just happened what did you feel did your feelings change how fast how about that what if you could do that right.

There's another process how many people would like to be seen as more trustworthy and confident that'd be useful wouldn't it did you know that there is a posture that relates to state control we call it the open heart trust trigger we're all going to play i'm actually going to let you guys actually play with this a little bit okay. Just for fun um the way it works um [Music] you come here i know she's a fan. So here's what we do actually i'm gonna do it for you i want you to tell me what you feel okay. So this is by the way when you approach somebody the worst place stand right.

Here when you approach somebody the worst direction to approach is head-on okay. This is this is confrontation right. Now we don't uh and people reading for fun and profit which is we're going to be doing sunday i'm going to teach you how to interpret body language and extrapolate what's going on from across the room you're going to learn to extrapolate it in seconds. But one of the things that happens is when you when you approach somebody you don't want to come this way this is too threatening.

But because this is the most way you can feel contrast i want her to feel. So i'm just going to approach you casually okay. Right. This is where she felt comfortable now i'm going to go into what we call the open heart trust trigger i want you to just tell me um as i do it what you feel a little bit more nervous okay.

What happens when i do this it's like feeling more trust and confidence this is a yes. Right. So thank you. So the way this works literally and again this was actually taught uh to women to be used on men.

But. Then a couple of guys in the car salesman industry got a hold of this and they would play games they called it the bounce or they would literally like make a customer bounce back and forth by one would do the trust trigger they would turn it off and they just haven't gone back and forth right. But the way it works is if you imagine across your heart is a clear plexiglas screen okay. And when you approach you it's like you want to show someone your heart what do you feel fantastic right.

So i'm approaching normally right. Then i come here you know what right. It's it's sub instant right. You can this and you can't be caught because it's honest right.

If somebody were to try to call you on this why are you standing with such good posture why are you using my own words because i want to understand you is that okay. Okay. Right. So um what i want to do is just take five or six minutes all i want you to do is get into groups of like three or four and practice this just walk up and just do that once normal and.

Then with the plexiglas screen and almost and if you want to get even further you can match like a little searchlight just coming out you're just beaming everybody for those who have low cut blouses on maybe you want to sub it up all right. Go play play that for just five minutes.
