Title: 0asQ453hYfE.txt
Video Id: 0asQ453hYfE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0asQ453hYfE

So for how many of you just buy a show of hands is this your. First time locked in a room with me [Applause] you know my little puppies now you poor people. Second time it's like potato chips you can't eat just one all right. So interestingly as fun as the for the opening of our session is and was there's a lot of power for your clients in what we just did the handout you have if you don't have one.

I have a few left this is a segment of one of my manuals and yes. I have yep and for those of you who don't have one or didn't get everyone here when. I passed them out the vertigo's kicking in. I gotta get more drugs that's it baby anybody else before.

I. Johnny okay. You go all right. The diagram which.

I'm waiting for the projector to come up with the diagram on the cover you'll see it throughout the handout is my conceptualization of energetic psychology where the body bone meets the head bone and. Beyond and the reason it's it's it's like that it's designed like a. DVD the outer section the red line indicates if you think of memories any type of subjective experience memories traumas fantasies. Daydreams belief systems all of them are imprinted on a rewritable.

DVD that. DVD the substance of which we would call. Energy. I don't like that word all that much and the reason is because it's really vague.

I often have a dim view of energy healing even though. I have more energy healing credentials at. McDonald's sells hamburgers. I really do uh.

I often take a dim view about people start talking about energy because energy can mean anything it's like it's like saying exercise right. And. So how do you work with that well if you look. At most ways that we work with energy there's two components to energy that we can work directly with one is called quality scale the other is called quantity scale you can only calibrate energy by the effect it produces or by measuring how much of that effect is present.

So the the. French radius. Theseus if you have anybody's familiar with radius physiology or radiastesia they divided energetics into a quality scale and a quantity scale and. So a lot of their um their practices were about measuring the different qualities now qualities are where we can start to play because if you can name it and describe it you can generate a body feeling and you can manipulate it that feeling one of the reasons for the song is because in spite of what.

NLP wants to convince you of that people are auditories and visuals and kinesthetics and olfactories and gustatories and yada yada you are not everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of all their behaviors other belief systems result or are stimulated by a. Feeling does that make sense now how does that relate to energy when we start talking about energetics assuming of course now that we're all talking about the same thing a certain amount of vibrational substance that has certain qualities connected to it which is analogous to the. Feeling by the way how many people are here are familiar with a discipline known as cymatics okay.

If you haven't go to. YouTube. Type in cymatics video there's a really cool music video where there if you if you pass like if a stream of water is playing. Next to a drum and you beat the drum the.

Dr the water will literally spiral because the frequency changes the geometry wasn't that just like a sound becoming a shape. But what are we doing we don't see the energy we see the quality it expresses does that make sense now if you've been studying energetics and hermetics as long as. I have you've heard of this thing called. The.

Law of. Correspondence true yes. All right. This means by the way before.

I get any further if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing of the word boobies offends you there's a door all right. If this is the scope of everything there is to talk about in just these little bullet points.

I've given you here we have time for this. So. I know. I'm talking fast because.

I want to take you as far as. I can and give you some experiences that you can take back and apply clinically okay. So. I will take you as far as.

I can in the time we have and. I will point you in the direction of where to go. Next to level up is that a fair trade okay. I love questions.

I really do probably more. So than probably anybody else. But more questions. I get the more squirrels.

I chase which can be frustrating for people who are very linear that's not me by the way. So. I enjoy it. But let's just distill all this energetic stuff down to one thing that we can track and measure and work with in the body and when.

I mean body. I don't just mean the physical one we're going to build from the most of us when we work in metaphysics we try to work from. Spirit down and we get lost somewhere in the ozone. But if we start from the meat and work out and up everything starts to fit.

So one of the keys. I want to give you is if you want to understand the laws of metaphysics study the laws of physics. As. Above.

So. Below. But we're always. So focused on studying the above we don't pay attention to the below because we think it's less than no.

It's your biggest teacher okay. This whole. DVD thing that we're talking about when you talk about feelings in the body what you're actually referring to from an energetic perspective is a specific frequency or set of frequencies every time those frequencies change the body feelings connected with it change all right. Now this is monitored by a part of your neurology known as your interoceptive nervous system your internet receptive nervous system is the part of you that predicts what's going to happen.

Next and doesn't tell you right. If you've how many have ever heard of a book. Called or a theory called the theory of constructed emotions anybody theory of constructed emotions if not there's a book. Called how emotions are made by.

Dr. Lisa. Barrett. I highly highly recommend that you pick it up okay.

Because the. First thing that happens is we encounter a situation our body generates a feeling usually below the threshold of conscious awareness the body goes through a series of searches to find a context and a. Content that is similar to what we just experiences and it connects them arbitrarily. So one of the fastest ways to derail a.

Cascade of feelings is to ask yourself a simple question what else could this be. So if you're in a place and also you start to feel anxious stop change your posture change your breathing ask yourself a question what else could this be your brain will start generating alternatives it disconnects you from that. Cascade of emotions that's usually on autopilot and gives you the ability to rename and reframe the feeling which gives a whole other sequence of associations does that make sense okay. So going back to the.

DVD the red part if you think of all the all the subjective experiences that you have your traumas your memories your beliefs your. Daydreams your values if they're all imprinted on a. DVD what must be true about the. DVD or what's imprinted on it what's that absolutely rewritable 100 rewritable what else must be true if it works in the body very good we're getting there you did start with a clean slate here's the thing.

I want you to get what's the one thing that will screw up a. DVD well let me just make it explicit. I'm not going to play the 20. Questions game everything about that.

DVD presupposes that what's written on it is in a language the. DVD player can interpret and understand. So the question becomes what is that language well if you look. At your diagram you'll see visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory think of these like channels okay.

Now if you've studied any kind of. DVT oh it's just. NOP no. It's not.

NLP gave us gave us a window into what we call the holographic nervous system it didn't go far enough because we start playing with things like. Sub modalities in this visual auditory kinesthetic strategy or sequence most people think you're just manipulating hallucinations. But what if these things actually had an energetic phenomenality to them what if there was actually a vibrational construct in the space around you where these things were stored and that you accessed all the time outside of conscious awareness because that's exactly what you do. So how do we start to break this apart in a non-neuro-linguistic way remember that no.

Matter what sequence of vakog you may be nothing happens to you hit a. Feeling. So if you have six visuals an auditory and a smell before you get to the that doesn't matter because the system doesn't take an action or initiate a behavior until you feel something. So if everything that we do begins and ends with a.

Feeling why don't we just start there. So this some of you may have heard me say this if you can point to where you feel it you can change it when we stood up and. I had you remember a. Victorious time in your life where did you feel it point to it ah.

So. I'm just curious if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling feeling you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go ahead and do that. First impression pretend you know now trace the outline of it with both hands. So you know how big it is let's make sure we got the right.

One grab a hold of it. I'll make it as big as the room without slugging the partner. Next to you notice what happens to the feelings in your body you're smiling big what happened. Jill you had a baby go ahead put your hands on there okay.

So what happens if we go what happens when you make the picture bigger figure gets bigger okay. Now bring it back to its original size we're gonna play the frame get with something. I call the frame game in a minute now as you hold this thing there without changing the size of it all. I want you to do slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feelings don't change the size of it because sometimes you want to see what happens a lot of times people don't realize they're doing this as they because your body wants to maintain equilibrium what will happen is as they bring it closer this will start to happen and you counter balance.

So make sure the size is exactly the same make sure you're connected to it slowly pull it close to your body and notice what happens some people having a good time lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket what's that you need to play. I'll show you how to fix that in a minute right. You like this is this good excellent now you can have the feeling back in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill what.

I like to do is unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head now how many of you guys know what a frisbee is why don't you imagine this thing's now like a frisbee why don't you take that frisbee. I want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears behind the. Horizon completely scan your body knows what happened to the feelings. Regina what'd you notice was do you were you working with a bad feeling that you want to get rid of.

I have no. Idea you feel better now that it's gone ah sometimes bad stuff is connected to good stuff. I'll show you how to fix that too right. So how many of you noticed again it's okay.

If you didn't. But how many of you noticed that when you threw it behind you it either dropped dramatically just went away show of hands okay. How many of you know it by the way this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means. I hope he doesn't call on me one of the things that we'll see in. NLP and this is again where. I diverge from a lot of the the doctrine.

NLP says that each and every one of you are going to do it different no. You have two sets of code you have one you come off the assembly line with and you have one that you develop which we we would call idiosyncratic or personalized right. Now some of you when you made that picture bigger you may have noticed the feeling got smaller that's okay. There's a bell curve for this about 70 75 percent of the people what.

I call expanders when they make that picture bigger those feelings are going to intensify the other percentage about maybe another 20 are what. I call condensers or concentrators when they try to make the picture bigger the feelings get more diffused when they make the picture smaller it gets more intense it doesn't matter which one you are just know which one you are. So you can work with the system does that make sense what happened for you okay. So was it the.

First one you did overwhelming by any chance there yeah great great. But you got change right. And that's what we care about you see each and every one of you has a dashboard floating around the space around you that's actually connected to the space inside of you when you point to where you feel it and you reach out and touch it you create what we call a somatic. Bridge how many.

I didn't see. Dr. Dr bills um talk. But are you talking about the homunculus right.

Did he talk about that the two parts of your body that have the greatest degree of brain real estate is your eyes. And your brain are your eyes. And your hand rather you didn't talk about that okay. Yeah we look.

At how much surface area of the brain is devoted to each part of us the two who get the. Lion's. Share are the eyes. And your hands.

So when you point to where you feel something you access information interoceptively. When. You. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it you access the corresponding information proprioceptively because you're using right. And left hands right.

Hemisphere left hemisphere. But because this is the. Second largest part of your brain in terms of scope more of your brain gets stimulated and focused into the process. So what happens is you start to connect all the different divisions of the neurology towards a specific outcome using a coding system that every part of you understands which is why you get a whole list greater than the sum of the parts right.

How many are familiar with the spinning techniques that we've done okay. Magic. Frame where. I've not watched our.

YouTube channel. I want to there are three types three techniques that. I want to share with you today that are easily found on my. YouTube channel.

But they're based on the theory. I'm going to share with you which is this idea of what we call the holographic nervous system. But it starts with understanding that energy has two at measurable aspects the qualities it creates or it generates the amount of it feelings are how we can. Target the frequency in a body now notice when.

I had you stand up remember that. Victorious feeling. I said notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling what color would that be for you. First impression right.

Didn't matter what it was as long as it was what came up. First in your manuals or your. Little. Manuals you'll have a page called the six dynamics of an unconscious response um that's that that's a offer sheet.

I have one laugh one left oh okay. Okay. All right. Who does not we need one okay.

For. Regina for you there you go what's that all right. We have one more left once. I'll autograph them afterwards now oh there's three okay.

People are sneaking out on me all right. So all right. Tell you what. I'll just put these somewhere back here because.

I'm yes. All right. So we all good. Okay.

So did you you didn't plug in the. HDMI cable did you oh you did pardon me let me see if. I can do this really quick uh hold on let me pull up put my one note here oops like what oh that's just a password name yeah you think you know my password all right. It's hard to stay on track when you don't have notes.

But. So the. First the. First ring of the.

DVD or it is the substance when we use our color breathing methodology that. I started with at the beginning of class we take a body feeling which is a vibrational. Matrix with a certain set of qualities to it we wash the body with that yeah how many people are familiar with something called a degaussian coil because okay. Yeah in back in the days when they had these things called cathode ray tubes or video you know for video games if you let the video monitor run for days and weeks at a time it would build up a charge right.

And after a while the the the field would start to blur the images it would get all blurry and gnarly and every week or. So or a couple of weeks the technician would come up with this big electromagnetic ring and you plug it in and he'd press the button and this pictures will go would go wacky and all of a sudden the electromagnetic fields would just rebalance and the picture was pristine again when you tap into the feelings you're tapping into the frequency that is either the solution or the problem you do not need to know this is this is why. I like these three techniques. I'm going to share with you what the problem or you don't need to know the story you don't need to engage in any form of hypnoanalysis to rid the body of the problem and it does not matter if the problem is a physical one or an emotional one okay.

At the level you're working at in the neurology all it's just data the system will process it if you code it right. So. I want you to understand that if we can point to where we feel it we can change it now when you're doing self work like this young lady here she she started manipulating her own code and she calibrated things the vast majority of you felt something which is what's supposed to happen now some people are gonna it's gonna feel bigger some people's gonna feel. I don't care which one you are just.

So that you know because the more you understand how this coding language works and how to integrate your physical gestures your imagination and your breath you can change just about anything okay. And you'll get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. So let me go back to this really quick like. I said.

I apologize. I was rushing around trying to get everybody their handouts and. I didn't get a chance to set up my own stuff. So and by the way the the other handout that you have um is a listing of all of our trainings for the.

Next six months for those of you who want to come and do. Live. Events and there's also a really cool um in the back of it it's also in your manual um there's this. Mondo.

Supremo. I. Want. It.

All package or as. I lovingly used to call it back in. Hypno. Thoughts days.

David. Screamin. Supreme seminar. DVD deal.

But we don't do. DVDs anymore right. So what this is is it's your choice of any two live events in our 2022-2023 calendar um total value of that is 40 is 4 500 you also get your choice of any two full-length video courses valued at 1497 or less and uh your choice of any five smaller digital video products total value for you to go to our website and try to buy this would be seven thousand nine hundred and seventy nine dollars uh if you wanted to get this package today it would be three thousand three hundred ninety four dollars you'd save about four thousand five hundred and eighty five and the reason that. I'm.

I'm telling you about this is not because. I'm trying to sell it to you it's because two people are going to win this before they leave today surprise the only thing. I got to figure out is how am. I going to get all your names in a hat because.

I don't have a hat uh and and. Second of all usually when. I when. I you're like oh okay.

We have a hat we have a box now all. I need you to do is write your on a piece of paper. So. I can pass something to pull from.

So if you can take a minute if you're taking notes or you have something take notes on write your name email and phone number you must be present to win um on day three. I'll be doing another talk. I think on day three. I'll be.

I'll be doing. I'll be raffling two more. So you might want to show up for that too. So um once you write your name email phone number.

I'd like you to just pass it on maybe. Albert um and maybe uh. Richard could just collect those a credit card business card work that's fine yeah just you know pass it to the end they'll collect yeah whatever works right. By the way going back to what this lady said about it being overwhelming something.

I want you guys to test for yourself in your clinics when you deal with somebody who's dealing with overwhelming anxiety panic attacks things of that nature. First thing. I want you to have them do is close your eyes. And point to where they feel it just close your eyeshadowing point to where you feel that.

Then say to him if there was a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where could you reach out and touch it. First impression notice their hand will go out somewhere now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. I'm gonna bet when you actually have them trace the outline and where that picture is it's right. Here and it's this freaking big because what.

I see from everybody with um. Asperger's to. PTSD a lot of times when they go into these overwhelming panic attacks or whatever when you access the code the imagery is almost always right. Here even if they're not consciously aware of it if you can get them to do that point to where they feel it reach out and touch it you say well just push it across the room and notice what happens you'll see them go ah because size and proximity act like a volume control knob to the intensity of emotional experience positive or negative.

NLP will tell you that you have a unique coding system for every single thing and that's true enough to be true. But it's not true enough to be useful right. So we're going to play with we're going to play with again if. I have time um and.

I would recommend that you you read the manuals. Later because most of the information. I'm going to teach you is in here. Anyway with the exception of the the um the transformational.

Triad which is where we were going. So this is one of the fastest most user-friendly ways to just get rid of anytime anywhere under any circumstances now you notice the. First one says. Magic.

Frame all right. Magic. Frame is a technique that allows us to open up this by the way this was called a holographic memory under a holographic memory container if you imagine a. DVD that has a substance which is the red line five primary channels like a prism and.

Then within each of those channels are smaller distinctions or qualities when all those come together you have the content of the movie we're running in our heads that we think is the problem now this is an integration of whole graphic memory resolution neuro-linguistic programming a lot of energetics as well as hypnosis. So you can see we can use holographic memory resolution type techniques which is your color breathing to address the substance of the. DVD we can just blank it and and completely vent the emotional charge we can use an. NLP type process which we call the primary encoding system because everything that you run from a software perspective is coded in this there is nothing in you that you do not relate to through this primary encoding system okay.

And. Then of course you have the smaller distinctions which we don't spend as much time with as. NLP would because not all of them are useful. But one of the things how many people that do a lot of trauma work okay.

There's a phenomena that comes up in trauma work called alexithymia anybody familiar with that term okay. If you haven't. I recommend you read if you haven't read the book. Already read the body keeps the score by basil vendor call excellent excellent book.

He talks about it briefly in one of his chapters. Alexa thymia is an inability to put a name to an emotion or a series of emotions now here's what's interesting about that from a therapeutic perspective if you can't name it you can't process it unless you turn it into a color or sound or a smell or a taste the cortexes will run any of those right. And because. English has.

English is actually missing words for certain types of emotions that other languages have colors are actually the fastest way to just circumvent that block. So again they point to where they feel it they can change it why because your nervous system when it when it takes in information. So you have a primary experience right. So you're you're.

Trucking through the world here we go that didn't work out the way. I planned it. So. I want you to think of two types of experiences a primary experience and a secondary experience a primary experience is.

I'm driving down the road happy as a clam get. T-boned by a car that's something that physically happened external to the body right. But that's not what screws us up what screws us up is the secondary representation the secondary experience which is the recording that we made of the experience many of you heard me say you are not the way you are because of the that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you recorded the that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings right. Well you are the.

DVD player and you create the. DVDs if we understand that we need to get all the systems lined up. I point to where. I feel that.

I access all of the vibrational information that's circulating throughout the body your body when information comes in you have that primary experience it passes through the five cortexes of the brain it's broken up into five channels of information that are put back together to create the movie of your experience and the subtle distinctions the the whether it's color or black and white or blurry or distinct those tell your body how to play. The. Experience for you right. And everything's going to end in a feeling.

But all of that when you conceptualize it well information comes in like white light through a prism it's broken up into these channels and the channels are broken up into that right. So once again you have the. DVD substance you have five channels five sub-channels all that comes together to form the story now you can inject change at any level or all of them if you want to using the three techniques that. I've just created or.

I've just outlined for you we're going to talk about. Magic. Frame. First because this is what.

I do with my clients all the time as part of their intake you know. I bring them in. I'll do heavy hand light hand basic classic hypnotic stuff. But.

Then what. I want to know is how responsive are they to their proprioceptive grid talk about the proprioceptive. Grid in a minute. So.

I have a point to where they feel it because that gives me the node when we when we start to call up information the call goes out to every part of the body accesses those data points it brings it back and it reassembles it looks like a. Cloud. Server does now. I'm not sure if.

I should use that metaphor because. I don't know how many people are familiar with how a. Cloud. Server actually works.

But you take a file you upload it to the cloud right. And all of a sudden it breaks that that data up into billions and billions of millions of stuff and scatters it throughout the system. Then when you need that information a call goes out to all those servers and that stuff is reconstructed now here's the thing we all know this memories your memories are not accurate you guys know this right. Your memories are not even accurate depictions of that actually happen to you they change every time you reconstruct them they say what right.

Again. I'm preaching to the choir here. But. I want you to see how this fits together now a lot of people labor under certain types of.

Illusions when it comes to change work a they operate under the delusion that their memories are real that they are in fact the thing that happened to them right. And it's not. So the. First thing.

I tell my clients is the very fact that you could sit in this chair and remember what happened means you already beat everything you faced it didn't kill you you're here the rest is cleanup right. That is amazingly liberating to them because they believe the shit's still happening. But the very fact that they can sit in your room and describe what happened and feel things means they beat whatever it was. So they're not the way they are because of the that happened to them they are the way they are because of the way they're relating to the recordings they make and they have complete control over that and that's why the frame game.

I played with you is one of the most liberating things you can do with a first-time client because it doesn't look. Like hypnosis. But the moment you point to it they're entrance the moment they reach out and touch it they're instant ambulism right. Erickson said it most moments of trauma moments of self-hypnosis right.

If. I can point to where. I feel it. I can access it if.

I can reach out and touch it. I can change it off after that you just gotta ask certain questions now in your in your handouts there's a page called um body centered energy hypnotherapy or energy psychology. So one of the. First things we're going to talk about is somatic address there's always a body location where the trauma is which is where the information in the system comes to a head that triggers the.

Cascade of everything else the moment. I point to it. I've actually accessed all the different nodes in the body where that information is stored. So by manipulating from this point.

I get all of the fragments right. Anybody ever notice like after a regression session or something like 80 90 of it's gone. But every now and. Then they get in these certain situations and they get a little flashback right.

It's because they're fragments left when you do the color breathing process that we did with victory you degauss the body you you cover you clear all the remaining fragments in the body. So you start with the location and. Then you wrap it around you breathe it through the system right. But because you've got all this somatic work going too your neurology doesn't know the difference between something that's objectively solid versus something that's your imagined in your hands it's all the same and.

So what happens is you recruit the entire system not just at the physical level. But at the astral level if. I'm feeling the etheric level and all that stuff you recruit from the mental body down does that make sense. Okay.

So one of the problems that we have though is that sometimes an event let me go back to the transformational let me know. I'll do this this is what we're going to play with. Next this is in your books this is called your proprioceptive grid now some of you are familiar with this this representation you might be familiar with this thing they call the aura right. Um you could use that model.

But. I don't find it to be as precise as what. I'm about to share with you you know you have three brains right. You have the head brain the heart brain the gut brain human heart radiates it has its own nervous system it radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable by instruments from three to eight feet in diameter from the body it's permeating and emanating emotional data and.

So as people move through the world you can entrain with somebody your heart can entrain with somebody's brain and they'll pick up that information you can entrain with somebody's heart to heart they'll pick up that information it's not mode it's not woo this is this is the research now this is actually from a book. Called heart math or from a free ebook. On heartmath.org who've done some great research on this where they literally took. A dog and his boy somebody got that right.

And they went out they strapped him up to machine to measuring devices had them go out and play in 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized they did it with horses too. So this is not a human thing it's a living being thing right. This field also interacts with your proprioceptive neurology and your mirror neurons which is what the which forms the foundation of empathic communication this is why. Rapport is.

So. So important to what we do because the more we can match the frequencies a person has the more anything we do with our system their system copies right. If you've ever been a room with guys like. Richard.

Benner who put the entire room in trance it's because he's literally overlaying his grid onto your neurologies and any imagery he creates your mirror neurons fire off we'll talk about that a little bit. Later. But. I wanted you to understand that this is interesting.

But not useful this is both interesting and useful and. I'm not just saying that because. I made it up where's my where's my pointer where's the microphone or the. I don't know whatever it is all right.

We'll just. I'll just point to it. Anyway. So if we take that helic that toroid type shape and we make it into a cube that you're standing at the center of here's.

I'm going to just give it to you up front you can go to my videos and watch and. I'll let you play with it if you want to if you use if you if you take this blue line as the axis the spinal cord you have the boundary of the bodies and you have the forward what. I call the forward hemisphere anything that you can that is open active and running and think of a file on your desktop right. And some files are are you we want to see them better you make them bigger don't you and they can cover other files your neurology works very much the same way anything in the forward or interior quadrant is a file in your system that's open active and running think of it just like a big freaking vibrational filing cabinet because it's vibrational data you can have an infinite amount of it in the same location okay.

The moment you start moving towards the center line of the body the information starts to become progressively more identified and embodied how many notice when you wrapped it around you you were like in it why because you passed the boundary of the body what did you notice when the picture started moving behind you gone or at least greatly diminished this is what we want this is what every single human being in this room does to some degree now are there other ways to access this information. NLP says yes. Not useful in a group though if. I take information that is in my forward hemisphere.

I link it to my body and. I move it behind me the neurology automatically begins to recode it as over complete and done. I don't care if they visualize it or not. I just wanted to touch it you could do again if they had like.

Fantasia where they can't see pictures doesn't matter you haven't pretend because the same part of you that creates all this is the same part of you that pretends right. If in your manuals there'll be another page called. Six. States or six dynamics of an unconscious response and if you want to drop resistance from whatever you're getting in your clients to about zero teach this to them.

First your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly usually non-verbally always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's almost never loud it's almost like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind that often the distance feeling doesn't mean it's weak it means it's deep okay. And. Finally it's almost never linear if you do any type of regression you know this go back to the very.

First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problem they come in for something that happened in their 30s all of a sudden they're five years old watching mom and dad argue over the. Last bottle of beer right. They go what unconscious minds conscious.

Minds have any expectation of that can't be right. Yeah that's right. But because they didn't know that the unconscious mind answers differently than the conscious mind they invalidate the response they invalidate the information teach this to them. First and.

Then anything that they that they would you would have counted as resistance previously actually makes you more credible because it absolutely ident it absolutely matches their internal experience in the chair because isn't that what they isn't that what oh. I heard everything you said or. I. I think.

I was just making that up or that can't be right. Right. The minute you tell them this and they have that experience. Guess.

Who. The. Authority is right. But if you wait until they have the experience to try to explain this to them now it sounds like you're defending yourself.

So you inoculate them and. Prime them. First and your compliance goes way up. Appliance goes way up okay.

So it's in your manuals and. I'm happy to go over it again if you want keys to this by the way are in your language and you'll hear it in your clients language how many of you have ever had a client say. I just can't get around to this right. Anybody ever hear that everyone gets.

I never seem to get around to it. But when you get around something where does it end up. I need to get over this when you get over something where does it end up. I need to put this behind me.

As. Above. So. Below makes sense when people talk and they describe their problems watch where their hands go.

I got this thing. I just wish. I knew what it was if. I could find it.

I could get rid of it that's all. I think about. I wonder why if you have good rapport really good rapport you can walk up to and say well here let's just put that over here and. I go oh don't believe me play with it because as far as the neurology is concerned you're just vibrations different densities of vibration and each of those vibrations is going to give a certain set of qualities to it when you start playing with proximity you start playing with the intensity which is a freak which is a quality right.

There's other there's a lot other things going on here. But. I want to give you the basics of this because this is what this is where the power is pretty much any human being that comes off the assembly line they have this system hardwired into you now you will develop from your linguistic perspective you will develop your own way of doing things if. I were to ask you if you could imagine something that was true once and is now done and you could point to it where would you point to it.

First impression nine times out of ten you'll point to somewhere out in front of you are you pointing behind you because right. So. I'll put it back there right. Um most of the time if you don't tell them this part.

First they'll point to somewhere out in front of them because you have other locations right. But that's. But your location is going to be different from your location whereas for most of you in this room the behind you location is pretty pretty standard it's pretty generic and. Universal which makes it useful right.

It doesn't really matter how your clients do it as long as you know how they do it which is why we play the frame game when they come in and. I always use pleasure because who resists it right. If you say safety which is always what we we actually do the work we actually give a safe resource right. But probably this problem has had a very abusive childhood they may not remember time when they felt safe.

So you want people to come out feeling empowered and feeling really good. So what do you do remember time in your life we thought the most amazing wonderful most satisfying thrilling fulfilling pleasure ever and. Then you give them parameters it could be something as simple as biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie right. Out of the oven or maybe it was your.

First romantic experience maybe it was when your child was born whatever it is. I want you to just point to where you feel it. First impression now if there were a picture connected to that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it. First impression boom now you manipulate the picture and every time they manipulate the picture they go deeper into trance and they're in some ambulance what are they doing they're seeing something that ain't there right.

They're seeing something that ain't there and it and if they said well. I'll say well pretend you do instant trans yes. Yes. I do it all the time.

I do it all the time. I do it on webinars what's that. I did yeah right. How many you know what the picture was.

But every time. I made a beer it felt good didn't it that's the beauty of this we don't need to know. So it could be the most heinous thing if we're getting rid of shipping a technical term right. Specialized hypnotic influence techniques we as therapists don't need to know we need to know the minimum amount we just need to know where it is and how they code and because they're doing it remember this this one isn't your manual.

But this is important what the human neurology with the human nervous system creates the human nervous system accepts if they create it they accept it right. It's the difference between a transplanted organ and a cloned one right. If. I give you an arbitrary metaphor or a suggestion maybe maybe her software will run it maybe it won't if she's she'll accept it.

But there might be some resistance because it didn't come her it's not structured directly the way she does it. But if she creates it perfect. So you know if you tell a client to do something they suddenly say well it's not like that it's like this great do it like that and you they will literally create their own cure you just gotta guide them right. But this is one of the most important things that you as a for yourself especially.

But also for your clients they could be doing the most working with the most heinous things and you don't need to unpack anything you can preserve their sense of propriety you know avert the shame whatever. But there's a specific technique that works with this system it's called the magic frame every now and. Then we encounter something that your neurology says we got to make sure he or she remembers this because we got to make sure it never happens again and what happens a lot of times is when when the neurology creates one of these remember this is this is an idealized perfected conceptual idea it's more like soup right. Right.

This is all nice and organized. But it's more like soup do you ever try to unmake soup it doesn't work out really well. So what happens a lot of times functionally is the unconscious mind is down there and says wow we can. Finally get rid of this wait a minute he learned this and if that goes he might do make the same mistake again how do.

I make how do. I make sure that this doesn't happen. I well you're unconscious mind doesn't have a way to just keep a piece of it unless you teach it. So what what happened and this is how you know that you're in this kind of a.

Magic. Frame situation it goes away and it comes back. So on a scale of 0 to 10 they have this problem they rate it at an eight you spin it you frame it you color be whatever you're going to do whatever other intervention you do it goes away and. Then away an hour.

Later a week. Later a day. Later it comes back. Magic.

Frame situation or as is often the case if you're doing spinning or color breathing you spin it it drops from an eight to a to a two and it doesn't go any further you gotta frame it. So if you look. At the structure. I gave you in terms of this transformational try this is why.

Magic. Frame is at the top it's just just frame it before you do anything else because if there are any safety lessons that the neurology is trying to preserve this will allow you to extract that safety lesson from the rest of the soup. So they can keep those lessons and let everything else go now. I've done this on everything from cancer patients to knee pain to [Music] um breakups to you name it it doesn't matter because it's all data your neurology really doesn't make much of a distinction between physical pain and emotional pain if you want to check on the science behind that go to.

Pub pubmed.gov type in acetaminophen and res and pain of rejection right. They just they wanted to find out if there was any real difference between physical pain and emotional pain where do they actually work in the brain turns out that if you experience the pain of rejection and you take a. Tylenol it goes away same part of the brain same part of the brain. So if that's true on the organic or physiological level must be true on the vibrational one as well as above.

So below right. So what we're saying here is we extrapolate it it's just data that the neurology is processing and eight out of ten things nine out of ten things that go into a doctor's office is memory based especially if it's chronic right. The only three disciplines. I've found that directly access the mental body hypnosis.

NLP whole graphic memory resolution everything else does it in a very indirect way if at all that's why. Reiki takes. So long many times. I've been a.

Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool right. Like the 90s right. I was studying.

Huna or uh. Kabbalah back before. Madonna even heard of. Kabbalah that's why.

I'm very much a prima donna. But let's talk about this magic frame because it's going to be one of your best friends. So one of the when we look. At.

Magic. Frame you point to where you feel you reach out and touch it now once you have this. First thing. I ask them is let's make sure we've got the right.

One sound from there reach out with both your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now let's make sure we got the right. One grab it make it bigger does the feeling get stronger or weaker. First impression right.

Now bring it back to its original size pull it closer to your body as it gets stronger does it get weaker the moment they do that you know how they code you know how they code now if you're dealing with somebody who's a concentrator in other words when they make the picture smaller it gets more intense you just have to make the picture huge and. Then move it behind them right. Almost everybody by the way for some reason when they when they bring it closer it always intensifies that's the one thing. I found the least amount of wiggle room in now every now and.

Then you're going to get someone who has extra layers of dissociation between their body feelings and the construct. I'll tell you how to fix that kind of aggressive make sure they're ready for it. So what you do there's a story behind it. But if.

I tell the story. I won't have time to do the class. So. But.

I'm happy to talk about it throughout the weekend the point where you feel it reach out and touch it in fact there's a video when. I was teaching in. Florida for the. First time there was a lady in the in the room she goes.

I don't feel it as much. I said do you want to feel it. I go she goes uh-huh. I said are you sure.

I said okay. Point you where you feel it. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. I said grab hold of it grabs a hold of it. I say slam it into your body now pull it out now slam it in now pull it out.

I had to do like 20 times and she that all that insulation just went and she busted out crying. So it doesn't really matter how much intensity is there as long as you get some shifts. But if you if you get those situations. Pull.

It in take it out pull it in take it out after about three or four of them they're going to re-establish those connections and the system is going to become much more pliable okay. But notice everything. I'm doing involves my body this is a big one if you get the body involved it doesn't matter what the conscious mind believes it doesn't matter what the conscious mind believes because the neocortex is the weakest part of you we start operating from the meat and the payload cortex up it will overwrite the nail cortex okay. And.

I have a story for that which is actually. I'll tell it really quick. I was. I was going through my uh getting my master's degree in.

Oriental medicine and. I was in my twin and. I was studying oriental massage and somehow. I spleefed and realized.

I had a midterm. But never practiced it was a practical and everybody had gotten their partners that had been practicing for weeks except me. So. I'm sitting there there's seven people ahead of me.

I got maybe 20 30 minutes to become an expert in twina that. I haven't studied. I don't have a partner fortunately for me. I've been a martial artist most of my life.

I have this thing called. Kata where you get to do these pre-arranged movements with imaginary. Partners. So well what if what if.

I just imagined somebody sitting there right. And. I just do it on them. So.

I imagine the guy in a chair right. And. I start working his shoulder. I start working the hip and.

I think. I had to do low back. I don't remember anything after that because about 20 minutes. Later.

I wake up dripping sweat and everybody in the room was looking like because. I completely forgot there wasn't a guy there don't believe me you don't got to believe it that's the beauty of this you don't got to believe any of this for it to work you just gotta not fight it your clients don't have to believe sometimes it works better if they don't right. I had a season of class up in. La once and there was this guy there you know these guys were just going to humor you they don't want to do it they're just going through the motions right.

I was talking about spinning that's the point where. I feel it take it out spin it and he's like. I'll make it the opposite way and he's like and about 25 30 seconds into it and. I said slam it back in.

I grabbed him over the spot. I held it there and he breaks out in the sweaters what the just happened right. If you go watch some of my videos on. YouTube you'll see me bring people up for a demo and.

I said. I'm not actually going to do the technique we're just going to walk through it every time every single time you don't need to know you don't need to believe it you just got to have all the parts in place okay. And have not actively fight it right. So why.

Magic. Frame. Magic. Frame allows us to reach into this construct find the reasons they have for holding on to it and take them out.

So it'll let the rest go. So you have a point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is you do that part now put a big thick black frame around it and. I usually have a little joke you'll have to say you probably don't remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls that's strategic by the way do it every time why because they laugh the minute they laugh they start getting more neuroplastic and.

I'll have my hand right. Their hands are right. Here. I'll put my hand right.

Here and. I'll be looking right. At the knobs say find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel now turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better does it matter which one they pick why because.

I've just co-opted their entire neurology because there's one piece that screws us up as immitist it's that rat if that gnarly conscious mind which likes to analyze criticize judge. So what do. I do. I give it something to analyze they're like they like the blind they like it black and white right.

Take the index finger of your dominant hand now there were lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative in glowing golden letters across that white it out or blacked out screen. I want you to write those lessons on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go make sure that's in there write all the lessons and let everything else go what does everything else mean everything else now here's where it's going to get sticky. So and this.

I guess this is my script you can use it or not. I say some people know exactly what's right. Some people have no. Conscious idea what to write.

But that's okay. Because your unconscious mind always knows and. So just let it write like automatic writing whatever it needs to and. Then.

I give it other options some people just draw pictures some people just draw squiggles some people get reacting right. You you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time.

However your body does it that's perfectly okay. Just let your body do it they always do right. And the screen will scroll just like a tablet. So you have an infinite amount of writing space you just keep writing.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go when you know you're done just nod your head to let me know and you just wait and you just encourage them keep going now about 25 percent of the time you're going to get a scalding. AB reaction cool just keep writing they may be gagging threat in a hurl just keep writing because as long as they're writing they're venting as long as they're venting they're processing they won't throw up by the way they just go through the motions because they're not purging physically they're purging energetically right. Just keep writing when you're done just nod your head to let me know you hold that space for them when you're done reach up shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take into. Every.

Beat of your heart your unconscious mind moves it all the way back behind the rise and until it disappears behind the. Horizon completely. Then. I ask him a question.

I say you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun and. I go feel that nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and papa come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead they can't bring it they're gonna get three possible answers they try to bring it back they can't they try to bring it back the new feeling they have just gets better or you're asking to try and bring it back they look. At you get pissed off and say. I don't want it back you're done right.

Then what you do just to be you know consistent and comprehensive you ask them scan your body notice how different you feel of zero to ten rate the remaining feelings if there are any other feelings now you can now you can spin it or you can color breathe it or you can frame it again right. The reason we do the frame. First you can do them in any order. But the reason we do this is because this we spin it it goes away if there's a safety lesson it might come back or we might reach a part we have to we have to frame it.

Anyway. So we might as well just get it out of the way right. We can color breathe it which we're going to talk about in just a minute right. And the way we hit the color the way we do color breathing is again through what we call it's in your manual it's called the somatic search engine how many people ever heard this thing called.

Google do you ever notice that when you ask. Google a question the kind of answer you get is almost always directly influenced by the way you ask the question your neurology works the same way see we all know that the conscious mind has an aperture of about seven plus or minus two bits of data right. Which is like a little tiny pinhole. But we know that this puppy is a bit bigger.

So what's interesting is when you ask the neurology for information the neurology will give you exactly what you asked for and nothing else it doesn't mean the information is not there. So one of the biggest the two things you really need is absorption and focus how do you generate absorption you ask for more data you ask for more data. So if you know if the point where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling give it a whiff what's it smell like notice which direction it's moving right. These are all attributes qualities that we're looking for and the moment we start asking neurology for qualities it gives them to us the more different qualities you ask for the more that brain lights up like a.

Christmas tree the more resources start getting allocated in that direction to that change work does that make sense okay. I don't usually explain this degree. But you're all clinicians. So.

I gotta. I gotta give you some meat. So what do you do which we feel it reach out and touch it put a big black frame around it blackened or darken the image out right. In glowing golden letters shrink it down move it behind you nail it back there wash rinse repeat right.

Very fast if you have people who have a lot of like they've been in a car accident and like they have this this like little ache that just doesn't seem to go away frame it it'll go away because that's kind of like think of it like a variation of phantom limb pain because the unconscious mind says. Ah. I don't think. I trust him to not do this again how am.

I going to make sure he never does this again. I know if. I put a little ache there right. On the boundary every time he gets close he gets a little twinge it'll remind him not to do that again because he was a dumb three times before right.

So what do you do you point to where you feel it you reach out and touch it you frame it unconscious mind says oh he got it. I can let it go now because the unconscious mind's job is to protect you. But every bone-headed decision you ever made was a conscious one and it makes sense if you think about it because the conscious mind is a two-year-old of the body literally the neocortex the new layer right. So this is why when we start generating change from the the most.

Primal level upward everything generalizes it has to it goes both ways and you'll see you'll see analogs to this by the way in a lot of. China old old. Chinese medicine not the. People's.

Republic crap that we've been forced fed. But the folk systems and the things that predate communist. China a lot of this stuff is in there um. So got anybody got some stuff they want to get rid of all right.

Well we're gonna do it as a group see you ever stand up now here's the thing if you're gonna do this there's a whole if you're going to do this work on yourself there's something else. I need to teach you. First. But.

I don't have time. But if. But if people want to get together and do some unofficial classes talk to. Stephanie she might be able to work sometime uh if you want to do.

Godzilla in the room you can't because. I'm guiding you. But if you're. But if you want to do self work there's this thing we call bucket listing in its approach and if you if you understand how the neurology works and you apply this bucket listing principle yourself work gets a whole lot easier and consistent because our neurology you have this thing called a negativity bias you guys know this anything that's bad is four times more powerful than any good thing that happens right.

Yeah mostly yeah it's a neurologic it's a neurology thing it's an. Adaptive function of the human nervous system from thousands of years nothing gets us all faster than being in pain we're afraid right. You know. Mother.

Nature can be a mean sometimes. But she's really practical right. You know there's an old saying that you know. Comfort zones are wonderful things.

But nothing ever grows there any any major changes you've ever had usually had some discomfort involved right. The neurology that's just how we evolved now if you understand that four to one ratio you can work with it because all you got to remember consciously is that any feeling that any negative feeling that you're having is actually only 25 as bad as you're making it out to be your neurology is designed to lie to you it's a fun house mirror right. And. I tested this because you guys know.

I have a really big. YouTube channel and be and you know. I never have a negative comment on my. YouTube channel everybody loves me and thinks.

I'm. I'm 100 legit. So. I decided to test this.

So. I'd go and. I'd read the latest comments on my. YouTube channel and see you know for every every flame.

I got how many good ones did. I have to read before. I started to feel better about four to six now that's a suck ratio. But you can work with it because if you know if you get nailed with one negative thing you gotta have four ice cream sundaes to make that better.

So here's what. I want you to think of something that's on a shittiness scale if you want to do something big you can. But. Then.

I got to come back and make sure you don't like leak all over the place and that's all right. But you the best part about these three exercises are these three drills is they will work on just about anything and you can use them in any order sequence they're completely modular and it doesn't matter if you line at. Starbucks in a parking lot at a mall one of my students came identity by design class wonderful mom she was flying back to. Hawaii and she was in line at the at the airport and the guy ahead of her was.

Afghan war vet and he started having a. PTSD episode right. In the middle of the airport they were getting ready to call. Security on him she'd just come from my class she walked up to him she goes hi.

I'm. Elaine point to where you feel it say huh point to where you feel it she spun it gone he followed her around the airport for the. Next three hours they got on the same plane he talked to her the entire time on the plane when they got off in. Hawaii she handed him his wounded warrior jacket that's the power you have any time that's what beaming a real world hypnotist means by the way anytime anywhere under any circumstances you just do the job you don't quit.

Okay. So if you want to do something big be my guest. I recommend for practice you do a zero to a one to three right. Because if you can do a one to three you can do you can do.

Godzilla close your eyes. Point to where you feel it scale of zero to ten rate the intensity of the feeling now if there were a picture floating in the space around you a picture you could reach out and touch go ahead. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it. First impression that's it now take both of your hands place twice trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is let's make sure we got the right.

One grab the edges of it make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker and bring it back to its original size keep the size of the picture exactly the same slowly pull it closer to your body does the feeling get stronger or weaker put it back now as you look. At that picture. I want you to go ahead and put a big thick black frame around it the bigger thicker and. Blacker the better as you look.

At that frame and the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television uh you probably don't remember when that had those things. But you know find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. Physically. Reach.

Out turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left till the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better and turn that knob all the way in that direction when you got that take the index finger of your dominant hand as you look. At that white it out screen there are some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative in glowing golden letters on that white it out screen. I want you to write those lessons.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons were and they write those lessons like like at the speed of light some people have no. Freaking idea what the lessons were. But their unconscious mind always knows. So just let the unconscious mind write like automatic writing some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles every now and.

Then some goes you you you across the screen that's okay. Some people write with both fingers simultaneously writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time.

However your body does it. However it works best for you just keep going you may notice feelings and emotions come up that's okay. Too put them on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go there you go keep going you got this beautiful now the screen will scroll like a tablet will scroll.

So you have an infinite amount of writing space and if it takes you 40 minutes to write that out have at it because that's exactly how long my wife takes to do just about everything when. I do this with her. I literally have to strap in for the night okay. Just keep writing when you know you're done and only when you know you're done take all the time you need to do this just reach up physically with your hands shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart your unconscious mind moves that frame all the way behind you until it disappears back. Beyond the. Horizon you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied open your eyes. Notice how good you feel what happened.

I keep going what's that sweetie you're amazing pretty cool huh now. Next piece from here. I can go in either direction. I can spin something or.

I can color breathe it. So now that you got rid of that what would you like instead that's the. Next magic question for the somatic search engine what would you like instead whatever it is. I want you to.

I call this your. Steven. Spielberg moment. I want you to create an alternate reality movie where you got exactly what you want and exactly the way you want it and.

I want you to make that movie awesome. I want you to make it big it's a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal. Clear like an.

IMAX. Turn. Up. The.

Sounds the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever and as you do that notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color of colors would that be for you. First impression you don't got to tell me just know whatever it is as you watch that movie. I want you to not only watch it once. I want you to watch it over and over and over again not once not twice.

But hundreds and thousands of times at the speed of thought with each repetition. I want you to make it 10 times better a hundred times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before keep running it step into it and live it. First person over and over and over again and as you do notice how those feelings in your body begin to grow they begin to expand they begin to fill the entire room and your body from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and all points in between and. Then it just keeps getting stronger and stronger and stronger until it becomes.

So strong. So powerful it begins to radiate radiate radiate from your body like the. Rays of the. Sun forming a beautiful colored frame around that new reality movie that you've created when you're ready to own it to personify it to embody it completely physically reach out with both of your hands grab that frame and the reality inside of it lift it up over your head expand it to fill the infinite universe pass it through your entire being from head to toe mind body and soul and notice what happens to every part of your body that was out of harmony with this new reality and just keep going till you know it's done now many times people get warm all over sometimes they break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch there you go when you're done you know it's locked in possible to go back test it try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead yawning is good yawning means you're working some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people break out in a sweat some people get huddle over some people feel tingly.

However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it make it happen faster just allow the process to take place and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're done just look. Up here notice how good you feel it's just some happy pretty cool huh. So in this particular model you have a seat give yourself a round of applause we went from we went from.

Magic. Frame to color breathing now the engine that drives color breathing you have to say you guys want to do more don't you like. I'm ready now we will. I promise.

But we go we have. I have to be out here by 5 31. So 10 minutes. So.

I got a lot to do and to quote the. Smokey and the. Bandit. I got a long way to go and a short time to get there right.

Now color breathing is the newest addition to our. Arsenal and it it does exactly the same things. I've been talking about it it integrates one of the things you'll see if you study old old metaphysics and magical practices and whether you're coming from the the. Eastern.

European systems the. Egyptian systems or you're looking at the. Taoist. Chinese.

Buddhist and. Tibetan systems they all talk about elements yes. The one thing they all agree on is the the air element corresponds to the mind it's also in charge of boundaries it separates and it connects it's the link between psyche and. Soma.

So when you get the physical body engaged you get the imagination engaged you get the conscious mind engaged and you link it through the breath you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts that doesn't invalidate things like. EFT or old school. NLP or any of that stuff it just means there are parts missing which is why it takes longer the more things you you leave out the harder the system has to work does that make sense. So while we live in a reductionist society it's always trying to separate a from.

B and. B from. C and one from two and two from three let's not do that let's put them all back together the way the universe intended and notice what happens right. So.

Magic. Frame when in doubt frame it out now you can do good stuff with you can you can amplify positive stuff with it too right. Energy spinning works on a process an engine called resonant frequency generator. So there's a negative feeling in your body right.

How do you know it's negative it feels bad right. Well guess what that's a frequency what part of what generated the frequency would generate the frequency it's not a trick question huh emotion your nervous system that's everything we're talking about all the same nervous system right. Your body's generating a negative feeling which is an energy and negative energy or vibrational. Matrix what created it your nervous system what the nervous system creates the nervous system can change how not through your conscious mind you have to ask a question what do.

I want instead what do. I want instead your brain must seek to answer any question you put to it regardless of how stupid the question is and you all know this because you've all had clients who come to you and say why does this always happen to me and the unconscious mind is down there going ah wants a list here you go the quality of your life will be determined by the quality of the questions you ask. But therapeutically the most powerful thing you can ask is what do you want instead doesn't matter what they say can you imagine what that key word might be like can you imagine what that might be like it doesn't matter if you agree with it or not because what the nervous system creates the nervous system thank you my my vested brother what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts the nervous system does not resist itself. So if you generate it your neurology will run it.

So what the magic question is what do you want instead. Then what do you do well. I call this your. Steven.

Spielberg moment. I want you to create an alternate reality movie and. I want you to make it awesome. I want you to make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen.

Crystal. Clear like an. IMAX turn up the sound the smell. The.

Taste the feelings best life ever. Then you have them run it if you want have them step into it and live it. First person notice there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that new movie start where they grow where they spread from what did you do you generated a body feeling which is what a vibrational field that is the cure for the negative harmonic what do you do. Then you wash it through the area one of several things is going to happen it's going to go away completely always a best thing.

But sometimes you get two other effects sometimes we call the. Russian doll effect you have an area that's this big they breathe that resolution color through the area it shrinks it's not that issue's gone you get another issue they're just similar in some way because that's how the unconscious mind works it groups things by what they have in common what what do you what color is this what color if your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency of vibration that would completely dissolve. XYZ color what color might it send you. First impression or blue okay.

Breathe blue through that area notice what happens it shrieks again what color is it now oh it's black oh if you're higher mind could send you a feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would completely dissolve that black part away what would it be green go ahead and breathe breathing boom it's gone layer by layer by layer that's called the. Russian doll effect the other thing that happens what we call. Body mapping you have a big thing here you color breathe it it moves same idea related issue. But different issue what color would dissolve this one oh yellow okay.

Breathe it it moves here and now you just. Chase it through the body until it's completely gone those are the three things that are going to happen right. The secret goes back to your proprioceptive grid points where you imagine reality make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen. Crystal.

Clear like an. IMAX turn up the sound the smells the tastes the feelings best life ever what are we doing it's called cortical activation. I'm lighting up every sensory cortex like a. Christmas tree every time.

I do. I boost and multiply the amplitude running through the system it's going to generate a body feeling once. I have the body feeling. I have the.

Cure what the body creates the body can change you use a metaphor to dissolve a metaphor that's color breathing okay. Now we have seven different levels to this. I'm giving you the basic ones right. Uh did we get all the the yes.

So again for those of you dump it into the are we trying to compensate for something you guys have fun learn some cool thank you you know you know it's funny the. Last two. Hypno. Thoughts.

I did this lady looked at me she goes. I'm gonna win. I was like okay. It was her name three times right.

Okay. Okay. By the way all right. First one doc.

Bush come on down big doc congratulations take this out to. Stephanie let her know you won the raffle and she will put your name on a list you don't even know what you won do you. I do oh you're okay. Yeah.

I got the bundle all right. You got it already oh well yeah you got the bundle cool all right. Next one. I'm taking bribes all right.

Here. I feel like the great. Karnak. Italian salami how big is.

Davis never mind okay. Becky celestri come on down [Music] [Applause] [Laughter] all right. Congratulations all right. Go get em tiger all right.

So when in doubt. Freeman out right. Now your assignment should you decide to accept it is to find anything with a pulse that will let you play and just get rid of their buying at. Starbucks person's complaining about it back pain wanna get rid of that let me tell you something.

I learned about how your nervous system works point to reveal it boom don't believe me just go do it and secret to this how many of you would like to be 31 better at everything anybody here's the secret be as playful as humanly possible the science is there from a very easy going fun-loving discipline called hostage negotiation when the hostage negotiator is more easy going fun-loving playful he's 30 or more more adaptive more resourceful more perceptive and his counterpart is up to 30 percent more compliant would anybody like to have more compliant patients even when you're dealing with the most heinous on the planet if you come at this from let's just see what happens let's explore let's do this together you will be far more successful than if you get sucked into the miasma of their emotional whirlpool right. I like. I said. I used to see patients eight nine ten hours a day five six days a week.

I've tested this all over the place if you had a great time please let everybody know right. If you didn't have a good time talk about somebody else's training. I want to thank you all for coming for showing your support. I love you all by the way.

Next uh the. Next training. I'll be announcing a very how many are you going to come into. Hypno.

Thoughts. Next year or. I have a very special package with a very special discount just for icbh people. So if you're interested coming to my.

Next training. I see ya hey. Dr. David.

Snyder ladies and gentlemen thank you. David you're very welcome my pleasure you're very welcome oh yeah. So he's got. CPR this weekend and.

Then. I need my design.
