Title: 82AwkxgFFvA.txt
Video Id: 82AwkxgFFvA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82AwkxgFFvA

You create a mental construct now i'm going to give you one little caveat when you're dealing with trance states you must connect a person's internal imagery with their physical sensations in their body. So let me use let me use christine for this christine you must connect their their mental imagery with their physical sensations otherwise you do not get the same level of change as quickly. So come over here face forward okay. Okay.

Now is there something that maybe it's been bothering you or something that you do that you want to do better or some kind of change that you would like to have i have a lot of stuff going on right. Now and sometimes i get unfocused and don't get anything done okay. So you would like to be more focused more focused was there a time in your life when you were absolutely laser focused when you could just lock it in get it done there's with the crunching again yes. Okay.

Close your eyes. As you close your eyes. I want you to go back to that time when you experience that absolute focus that's right. Take a deep breath and breathe into it see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt now what i want you to do is as you see yourself and feel yourself from that place what i want you to do is if there was a place out in space in front of you where you could reach out and touch that image reach out and touch it good as you reach out and touch it i want you to notice as you touch it here where do you feel it in your body physically point to where you feel it here good as you connect these two i want you to notice as you look.

In here now just touch this area look. In there with your inner eyes. Notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression a gold good now i want you to notice on a scale of 0 to 10 how how strong is it ten being the most powerful it can be eight good i want you to notice i want you to take both your hands reach inside pull all that gold energy out and hold it in your hands look.

At it with your inner eyes. Now did the color change or stay the same it stayed the same good i want you to notice that as you look. Hold it it's moving or spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning because what i want you to do is i want you to take that in both of your hands and i want you to double the spin double it again keep doubling it until it becomes unstoppable and impossible to be anything else and when you know you've got it take it with both your hands and slam it back into that state notice how it comes back and try to be any other way notice you can't cool thank you thank you how focused are you pretty focused right. Now otherwise we're all like yeah right.

So what did we do here for every state process or experience was it a good experience by the way you're focused yeah i'm just like focused you're having good stay focused now what did we do here every state processor experience that you have has a cognitive component a limbic component a reptilian component and a somatic component and it's stored holographically in your proprioceptive field for those who don't know what i'm talking about you could say the aura. But for those of you who are more scientifically based i call it the proprioceptive grid your nervous system has a way of knowing where things are in space around the body and it's holographic and. So at certain locations your body stores and projects certain types of information nlp will teach you this many variants of it will teach you this and. So i can manipulate how you experience or process that event by changing its location in space.

But that's not good enough many times because most of these imageries do not always adjust the feelings what we must do is we must use this mechanism of of cataloging and directly connect it to where the location proprioceptively and kinesthetically in the body it's located once we make this connection we have external channels of awareness and focus and internal channels of awareness and focus all corresponding and focus and coalescing on the same the same point all of your channels are absorbed. So what i do now is once once i find that location now i manipulate the construct or the energy of it and as i change the construct i change the semantic experience as i change the semantic experience all the perceptual filters and the way the body has coded that experience change. But really all you need to do reach out and touch it notice where you feel it look. At where you feel it notice there's a color if you notice there's a color take it out and look.

At it as you look. At it notice how it's moving what directions it moving if it's something you want more of amplify the intensity and amplitude of the direction if it's something you want less of make it the opposite of what it was and amplify it and amplify the speed when you know you've got it. But you know it's unstoppable take it in both of your hands slam it back in notice the change. So if you have something good you can because i think when we practiced it before we kind of looked at something that may have been an issue.

But we can take something positive yes. And um do exactly the same thing. But we wouldn't spin in the outer direction it's going see your nervous system has a direction that it uses to code an experience to code a sensation that direction is has nothing to do with the story and everything to do with the structure it's the structure of the event that your autonomic nervous system understands that's the language it speaks we covered this in depth and vibrational influence when we were doing remote influencing it's the structure of the story not the content of the story that creates the effect at the neurological it's not the level that is the cds in this specific direction that's the language that the autonomic system understands okay. And.

However you now. However you imagine it you know if i say imagery i do not just mean visualizations imagery can be a feeling it can be a sound it can be anything you can imagine many of you do not consciously see pictures when you imagine things. But if i asked you to imagine your bedroom at home you could tell me exactly where everything was even though you might not be consciously seeing a picture you know there's a part of you that knows where everything is that's also imagery. So don't be fooled or don't be misled by the term image can you okay.

About the spinning um one way versus the other way what specifically would you like me to explain when you're pulling out it's spinning one way and what you're doing to it making it spin faster come on up here sometimes the best the best explanation is a demonstration come on you got something you want to change something will do better sure absolutely okay. You want you feel comfortable i don't have to know what it is by the way notice when i had her up here she was she said it was focused. But i don't need to actually know what it is which preserves anonymity depending on the issue many times it's a big deal okay. There's something you want to do better or worse or get rid of or what.

So i'll do better yeah okay. Do you feel comfortable sharing it or does it matter um it doesn't matter here's what i want to do close your eyes. I want you to reach if you could see that that thing you really want to do better once you reach out and touch it where you're actually doing it really really well as you reach out and touch it notice where in your body you feel it and point to it just point to it physically okay. That's fine as you look.

At it you put this down as you look. At this spot with your inner eyes. Now i want you to notice that there's a feeling or a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression what good on a scale of zero to ten ten being the best it could be and zero being not.

So much great the intensity of that feeling another four good i want you to reach in with both of your hands and pull all of that white energy out and hold it in your hands look. At it with your inner eyes. Make sure it's all in your hands good now once you notice as you look. At that white energy i want you to notice it's moving possibly spinning in a certain direction what's the direction 10 o'clock.

First okay. Good what i want you to do now if it's something you know you want to do this better i want you to take it in both of your hands get a grip strong tight up good strong grip on it double the spin and notice what happens to the feeling and. Then double it again and. Then double it again and keep doubling it until it's ten times better than anything you could have possibly imagined and when you know you've got it when you know it's a foregone conclusion it's already happened slam it back in and notice the change whoosh change okay.

He's still processing now what would happen if we split it the opposite way what's the opposite of what you're feeling that's what you'd get okay. Okay. The secret to this is whatever construct your autonomic nervous system creates to represent the experience is fundamentally constructed from the coding system it uses you don't have to know your whole coding system all you've got to do is pay attention to the elements of the of how it's built if i know that movement in a certain direction is creating one kind of an effect. Then the intuitive thing is anything opposite has to be the opposite right.

Which is usually if it's a bad thing if i turn it the opposite of what it was i have the antithesis which means i have release now sometimes you get people you'll say you'll you'll try to say it's spinning they'll say well it's not spinning it's moving it's not moving. So notice the color you start manipulating the color notice what happens when you change the color change the color. So that it's the opposite of what it was and let them continue to play with the color until it's the opposite of what it was when you know you've got it when you know it's exactly how what you want it to be double the intensity double it again keep doubling it until you know it's unstoppable until you know you've got it when you know you've got it slam it back in and notice the change okay. The secret to this is you must get them get the the proprioceptive projection linked with the somatic experience the somatic address in the body the minute you have those links and you start manipulating the concept it's not really a construct it can be an actual energetic phenomenon depending on how energy oriented you are um it can be the actual energy of the event if you're not into energy if you're more nuts and bolts real world stuff it's an energetic construct okay.

There are subtle differences in the experience depending on which belief system you embrace. But fundamentally the process is exactly the same when you know you've got and you'll feel you'll feel changes in sensation when you do this it's very very powerful and it's very very quick okay. And i've taken i've taken away migraines instantly i've taken away back pain i've taken away fear you name it i can do it i can put in whatever i want to okay. So this is a real good and you can do it anywhere.
