Title: Hidden (and Forbidden) Secrets of Manifestation and Law of Attraction
File Name: b1ij0Jzhq98.txt
Video Id: b1ij0Jzhq98
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1ij0Jzhq98

For e e e e e e hey everyone. Dr. David checking in for our pregame warm-up much love out to our. YouTubers and our people showing up live in the zoom room in case you miss it there is if you go to the community tab in the.

YouTube section you'll see a link for uh the actual webinar if you want to come in and see those see it in the zoom room or you can watch us from. YouTube it's all good for me there is a bit of a delay between when we show up um on the feed in. YouTube versus when people uh respond in chat. So uh by all means uh join us.

However you want uh we may be doing some altered state work. Later. So if you're driving you may want to make sure you're not driving when that start that part starts um. So in that case it's about 2:52.

PM we'll be start star at 3 uh you can figure this one's going to go about two and a half to three hours and. I'm going to give you as much content as. I can the time that. I have and point you in the direction of where to go to level some stuff up all right.

That's it for now make sure you have stuff to write on write with caffeinated beverages to drink oxytocin and dopamine preserving substances with which to consume and we'll see you in just a little bit e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone welcome to. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

I'm your host for the. Next two and a half to three hours. Dr. David.

Snider double doctor. I'm happy uh to be back with you guys it's been a rough couple of couple three years for many of you uh in case you didn't know uh. I spent the. Last two and a half to three years uh completing a five-year doctorate program uh and.

I'm happy to announce that as of. Last. Sunday uh. I've graduated.

So. I. I have two doctorates one in. Chinese acupuncture and.

Oriental medicine as well as. Chinese energetic medicine which is medical chiong spiritual practices neong things of that nature. So. I'm very excited.

I'm very proud of that accomplishment and uh. I'm just uh. But it's been a log. So enough of my personal business.

I want you. I want to welcome you to to tonight's webinar the topic of tonight's webinar is something that is very very um prevalent in in our thoughts this uh especially in the. Last few years and that's the. Law of.

Attraction ever since the movie. The. Secret came out we've all been fascinated by the ability of the human. Mind and.

Spirit for lack of a better word to create things to pull things into our reality and this webinar is going to pull back the curtain a little bit on some of the more important. But less taught aspects of the. Law of. Attraction okay.

Uh for the um. I'm going to do some administrative stuff really quick and. Then. I want to go ahead and jump into the content of tonight's webinar.

So. First of all much love out to my. YouTube fans out there on. YouTube land thank you.

So much for checking in with us uh from from. YouTube those of you who are. Intrepid. Souls who are with us in.

Zoom. I want you to go ahead type your name in the chat where you're checking in from and are you a firsttimer or is this uh have you been a veteran of. Planet. David just typ in.

First timer in the chat and where you're checking in from and your name of course and of course if uh you're a vet just type in veteran and how many years you've been be bopping around. Planet. David okay. Uh want to.

I. A lot of times. I often forget what. I'm about to do right.

Now. So. I just want to shout out at the beginning of today's wear and say thank you to my. Intrepid support staff the.

Great and. Powerful. Moss the. Mighty.

Med. Mia who are back there uh making sure that all the phones are answered all the emails are are returned and the questions are are are taken care of. So uh they're the ones that are going to be monitoring your behavior in the chats. So we call them we lovely call that.

Duty whacka trol. So um that being said uh. YouTubers please if this is your. First time in.

Planet. David please type in your name where you're checking in from and because. I want this to be your webinar right. I'm going to ask you to do something.

I don't normally ask until much. Later in the webinar. But. I'm going to start off with it today because the more we target this to what you want and need uh the more rapidly hold on a.

Second apparently my recording is off which. I don't know why that would be because. I turned it on all right. Apparently all right.

So well we're going to have to fill in that. Last part. But that's the most important thing about how to levitate. So moving on all right.

If this is your. First time in. Planet. David type in your name and where you're checking in from if you're a veteran type veteran we've covered that stuff um if you could take a moment and type in the chat if there was one thing that you would like to be able to take away from tonight's webinar as a byproduct of tonight's training right.

That you could man to manifest one thing in your life that would make your time spent with me today worth every moment you've invested. I'm curious and. I'm wondering what might that be for you go ahead and type that in the chat okay. We got you we got people from all over.

Europe checking in that's pretty cool right. Awesome we got. Jacqueline she's a veteran we've got uh morara from uh from. Alexander kones is here and.

I saw somebody from. I just saw. Spain go by. Anyway the the chat's flying by.

So fast. I don't have time. Anyway. I want to get into the the body of tonight's webinar.

But there are some administrative things that. I. I want to get out the way. First and foremost uh make sure that you have something to write on and right.

With be sure that you're willing to actually do the drills as. I guide you through them now the reason. I say that is because. I am a very.

Gnostic uh teacher and what. I mean by that is. I try to teach more through direct experience than. I do through.

Theory and lecture now obviously this is a webinar. So lecture is kind of part a part for the course. But what you're going to discover is that the more you actually get up off your butt metaphysic metaphorically or sometimes literally and actually go through these processes as. I guide you through them you're going to have transformational experiences you're going to start to experience things that that fall outside of the theory and give you an understanding of what manifestation is really like.

I'm curious if. I were to ask you what your biggest questions about manifestation are what might those be go ahead and type those in the chat. So the helmet's coming in from. Germany you got.

Stella she said she's literally manifested my webinar. I think we should all go to. Stella's webinar what do you think. Ben's checking in from.

Boston very good all right. Now. I see. I see.

Hands raised. So let's talk about questions really quick and. Then. I want to get into a bit of tonight's content if.

I might. First and foremost uh there's three ways you can get your questions answered a raise your hand if. I see it which. I usually don't by the way um and and and you ask your question and it's relevant to where we are in the webinar.

I'm happy to uh to answer it now it's you're going to be better you're going to be better served not by raising your hand. But by typing your question in the chat because. I. I referen the chats much more often than.

I do uh in the zoom room here with the hands raised now if. I see your question and it's relevant to where we are in the webinar. I am happy to answer that question if the question is not something that is relevant to where we are in the flow of the webinar and. I feel it's going to take us in a squirrel chasing.

Direction. I'm going to elect to to not answer that question or defer it to a. Later time now my veterans veterans type uh type that's me in the chat if you see a question being asked over and over and over again in the chat which is the other way to get my attention keep asking the question right. If you see a question that's being asked that.

I'm obviously not answering for whatever reason and you have direct experience answering that question. I invite you to reach out to those people in a way that won't fully distract them from the content of the webinar and give them an answer to that question okay. This is where the community of. Planet data which is really what we're about we're a community of people who are looking for answers to.

So to problems that we're having in our life who want to be better who want to level our lives up in every way possible and that in in essence is what the law of attraction is about it's about manifesting the life you want the way you want it not the life you were forced into or that was chosen for you now those those particular statements as we go deeper into our training together are going to become more and more important because many times as we start to embark on our. Law of. Attraction. Journey there's some things that the gurus left out that if you don't know about is going to completely undermine or derail your.

Law of. Attraction process one of those is the is is they sold you the idea again. I'm gonna. I'm just going to start off with an unpleasant truth they sold you with the idea that there's a law of attraction is a something for nothing um.

Gambit and it isn't my spiritual teachers and. I had many uh and my life experience has taught me one thing manifestation or it's the original word from which that was drawn magic nothing free there's always a tradeoff okay. Magic as it's as it's taught in the always is one of the most demanding disciplined uh forms of spiritual science that exists it's all about creation and manifestation. But it's discipline you have to train right.

So there's always going to be a give and take now the cool thing is is that a lot of times what you have to give up are the things that are holding you back back. Anyway the laziness the fears the uh the guilt the shame the embarrassment these are all the things that a lot of times are what are actually holding us back now why am. I why am. I talking about this at the beginning of a webinar because.

I'm trying to scare off as many of you as humanly possible right. Because if you want real power you got to pay the price for it and that's what manifestation is manifestation is about power it's about the ability to transform and create. On. Demand right.

Either in the present moment or within a specific amount of time and that takes a little bit of training now the people out in the. The. Law of. Attraction personal development world there's certain things are going to gloss over.

I'm not going to. I'm not going to you okay. One of the most triggering classes. I ever took.

Was a was a class on manifestation because real manifestation requires us to change. From the. Inside. Out it requires us to face the things that are that we're using to hold us back and the good news is the things that hold us back we may or may not have caused them.

But we have the power to transform them if that makes any kind of sense. So if if. I'm off in the weeds a little bit here just type in the weeds if you if you if you are on the same page is where. I'm coming from go ahead and type.

I'm with you on that and. Then we're going to get into into into content tonight. But. I wanted to put that out there and again.

I've gotten real spiritual more. SP much more overtly spiritual in the past four or five years than. I probably ever preach right. But one of the things that happens is we we think we know what we want until we get it and.

Then we realize we don't there's a part of us that um pulls things into existence now we can we can distill that down to neurology uh we can just we can talk we can go up we can go down there's all kinds of things we're going to give you some very practical. Hands-On things you can start doing and changing and manifesting. But. I would not be a good teacher a good guide for you if.

I didn't tell you the. Ugly. Truth. First manifesting the things you want requires you to do and be something different to become something different one of my teachers.

I. I recently posted a video in uh on the. YouTube channel and. I talked about one of my teachers a a lady by the name of.

Taylor. Sinclair and. Taylor would would would tell us from time to time her mother would give her give her some very very. Sage advice.

I'd like to share that advice with you because it's going to be part and parcel of where we're going tonight and that is this you can be or do or have anything you want in this life. But. First you must become the person to whom that thing can happen to right. In.

NLP we would say present. State desired. State this is where you are this is where you want to be what do we have to do to get you there right. So it's the same idea manifestation some things we can manifest licky split other things are going to require us to grow to leave things behind sometimes our life needs to blow up before it can be reconstrued.

Ed in a better way. So. I'm putting again you will avoid taking that as a suggestion. But.

I'm putting these things out there because when you embark on your manifestation. Journey you're going to be face to face with some of the things that have been holding you back. So that you can deal with them they're not there to punish you this universe is not about punishment you're manifesting every moment of every day. I um you know what.

I'll. I'll save that story for uh for my bio let's. So let's get get started. So.

First and foremost make sure you have things to write on make sure you're willing to do the drills and get the skills right. And make sure that um you you participate as much as possible in this in this particular training. So let me go ahead and uh share my screen really quick because otherwise. I will be just jabbering and jabbering and jabbering at you because.

I'm actually super excited to be back with you uh. So. So welcome to. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction how to manifest anything you want fast faster than ever before we're going to teach you psychological trips for. Repro tricks for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing the blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. I of course am your host.

Dr. David. Snyder uh and who the heck is. Dr.

David. Snyder and why should. I care well. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor. I actually have two doctorates now uh one is an academic and medical degree from. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine the other one is also a medical degree. But it's it was granted by a spiritual organization the ban wagang. Temple and that is a doctorate of. Chinese energetic medicine and that is a more spiritual energetic approach all the things that were sanitized out of traditional.

Chinese medicine when the. Communists took. Over um made made its way to this country and. I was very very fortunate to be able to learn those secrets and and integrate them into the.

Technologies. I'm going to be sharing with you over the. Next few hours right. So who is.

Dr. David. Snider why should. I care.

First and foremost um. I got a practice in. Sal. Beach.

California for almost 20 years now where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that's caused by repressed emotion. So while most neur linguistic programmers hypnotists things of that nature uh people of that nature they deal with fears of flying you know nail biting weight loss smoke sensation my focus has been chronic illness caused by repressed emotion now on the surface that may not sound a lot like what does that have to do with the law of attraction. David well actually every everything because every form of chronic illness is a successful manifestation every single one every single person in my chair created the very disease condition that they came for me to fix and when they fixed it they changed what they manifested and that's something. I want to pull out there really really quickly while.

I'm going through this whole. Bio. Section. A lot of people think when they manifest when they when they put a manifestation practice into operation and what they manifested appears and it they're stuck with it well no.

You're not and that's why a lot of people don't engage in manifestation practice because they're afraid well. I might not get what. I want. But what if.

I do and. I don't like it right. Let me explain something to you you're never stuck okay. Anything you manifested once you can change that's an important principle that.

I want you to to understand now in addition to my medical and healing background. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from vibrational influence to linguistic and influence. I'm the world's number one uh one of the world's number one. NLP trainers.

I've been teaching conversational and covert hypnosis for almost as long probably longer than. I've been seeing clients um it was my focus for many many years uh and. I've authored every and again if you go to my website and you'll see some some some programs today in 2020. I was named the number one.

NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. I've been in the top two slot uh for about eight years every now once in a while. I get to beat the. Great and.

Powerful bandler. But mostly he uh he's got a bigger following than me. So he tends to win. But this is true right.

Our program killer influence both versions were voted the number one. NLP training programs of the year in the world uh by global gurus. org and there's a copy of our our little page right. Uh and it's been that way since uh 2020. I also have a degree black belt in.

Ruku. Kempo a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin. Kunal.

Second degree black belt kosho koru. First degree black belt in furu. Jiu-Jitsu. I'm a certified instructor in combat.

Systema. Senco monosa monares and. I like to joke that. I have more energy healing credentials and.

McDonald sells hamburgers. I have a doctorate the medical chiong systems as well now um. Advanced pronic healer pronic psychotherapist. So energetics has always been a part of my life.

I just up until very recently never talked about it to the degree that. I'm talking about it now it was one of my little secrets that. I used as a force multiplier what does all this have to do with manifestation well two things one is called vibrational. State control the other's called pattern recognition you see everything human beings do has a frequency and everything human beings do has a pattern and if you un if you have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear you can recognize those patterns you can tap into those frequencies and by understanding how they work together you can start to transform them you can change them transformation is just manifestation is just another word for transformation and everything that we do in. Planet. David is. TR transforming your world starting from you and working outward okay.

So everything that human beings do has a vibrational frequency and a state everything human beings do follows a pattern from the way they stand to the way they move to the way they think to the way they talk to the way they make love you name it the way they date to the way everything everything human beings do is a pattern in the process of happening. So when you start to ask what does this have to do with manifestation. Health success wealth and happiness pretty much everything because once you understand and recognize those patterns you can influence them okay. Are you in the right.

Place well if you're a fan of the. Law of. Attraction like. I am you know very well there are no.

Accidents if you're ready to take the randomness out of your manifestation work if you're ready to remove blocks to your success to get over limiting beliefs to attract love health wealth success and more opportunities into your life without adding more work to your everyday life you're in the right. Place if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and become best version of yourself type that's me in the chat. I'm gonna ask you a couple of questions here and if any of these answers apply to you.

I want you to type that's for me in the chat okay. How many of you would like to manifest your ideal mate or a better mate or a better version of your mate and be super attractive anybody want to do something like that right. Anybody want to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence assertiveness and be truly powerful type that's for me in the chat right. If you'd like to make more money or manifest more money from your job book.

More clients for your business and get the raises or promotions you know you deserve you know what to do type it in the chat right. If you want to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to go ahead and type that in the chat that one always raises a few hackles we're going to. But if you could do it ethically honestly and in spiritual in spiritual harmony with the. Divine for those of you who have a spiritual background would that be okay.

Okay. I'm going to teach you about how to do that if you'd like to cause people to become attracted to you to be pulled into your orbit if you'd like to inspire your employees your children your spouse to to do more of what you want them to do without coercing them right. Um go ahead and type that in the chat right. If you've ever thought about what it would be like to be a wizard to be able to actually send uh you know cast a spell or or send a message up to the.

Divine and have the. Divine answer that go ahead and type that in the chat be like a deeper connection to your your. Source go ahead and type that in the chat because that's where we're going okay. I can't now here's the.

I'm gonna. I'm going to go. I'm just going to be right. Up front with you right.

If this is the scope of everything there is to learn about law of attraction in a two and a half or three hour webinar. I got time for this. So my promise my commitment to you on tonight's webinar is. I'm going to take you as far down this manifestation.

Rabbit. Hole as. I can. I'm.

G to teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have and. I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to keep your training going and leveling up your skills is that a fair trade yes. Or yes.

As. T harer would say okay. If we if we can all agree on that. Then.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna jump in all right. So let's talk about um. The.

Law of. Attraction. First of all. I want you to make sure that you do have things to write on and write with there will be times at at some point in this webinar where.

I will be guiding you through some. EXC that are closed eye processes. I may be guiding you through certain. Altered.

States not to allow you to tap in and to interface with the different parts of your neurology that allow manifestation to occur now if you're driving a car or operating. Machinery or a vehicle or anything cooking dinner watching your kids whatever if you're involved in any of those activities while you're listening to this webinar please either mute the webinar come back and watch the replay or turn all that stuff. St off right. So that you can safely go through the process that.

I'm going to be guiding you through okay. I don't want again. I. I can't be responsible for your use or misuse of what happens while you're listening to this webinar.

But. I want to make sure that. I put this out there right. Altered state work should never be done while you're doing something that requires your full and undivided attention right.

If anything can go wrong wait until those things are done and. Then go back revisit this webinar that being said we've got a lot of really cool you're going to want to stay on till the end of the webinar because we got a a lot of really cool things that we've got coming up for you. I don't want you to miss out on those. So um let's talk about let me go back to my webinar here my slides.

I don't like slides as a rule okay. So here's what. I'm going to promise you today if you stay on to the end of the webinar. I'm going to teach you the two most important factors for manifesting anything you want it's not what you think or maybe it is right.

Uh the law. I'm going to teach you about the hidden laws of mental. Dynamics and universal laws these are the ones that they may not have told you about in your books on manifestation or in the movie like. The.

Secret okay. Uh we're going to talk about something. I like to call body centered energetic. Psychotherapy or psychology and this is an understanding of how your body processes subjective experience takes it from vibrational to subjective to to physical and tangible there's a certain set of mechanisms at play that if you understand how to use these things you can begin to do very powerful not just manifestation work.

But even more importantly self-clearing work you can dialogue with the parts of your own neurology that are creating your blocks. But can are also the parts of you that can manifest your breakthroughs. So this is a it's something that takes a little bit longer than. I would normally do in a webinar.

But in our identity by. Design classes are hidden. Laws of. Attraction classes.

I go through this really really in depth. So. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go as fast as.

I can as deep as. I can with the foundations phase of tonight's webinar which is the. First phase the. First hour or.

So of our training is always foundations things you got to know things you got to foundations that have to be laid. Second part of our webinar which is about the 55 to 115 or a 65 minute. Mark is going to be progressions in other words teaching you we're teaching you bits and pieces and fundamentals from our complete system of manifestation because obviously. I can't teach you everything phase two is about showing you the entire system what that looks like and how to get access to that phase three is the practicum and applications phase and phase three is where we take the foundations from part one and we start merging that with the things you posted uh in the chat the the specific application you want to be able to learn more about maybe it's clearing block success overcoming limiting beliefs um uh whatever whatever's holding you back we have techniques for that we're going to customize uh phase three of our webinar.

So you get the exact content that you need to start moving forward our job is to give you actionable content things that you can take out into the world and start using right. Away now here's what's really cool about. I'm going to say something that's going to be very controversial to you especially if you're coming from the classic law of attraction. Faith.

B faith-based world you don't actually have to believe in any of the techniques that. I am going to show you today we've taken a lot of time to distill what we do down to a set of simple neurosomatic physical mechanics if you just do this process the way we show you it's going to trigger a set of transformations in your body that will yield a result that you want you don't have to believe it you just have to want it does that make sense you don't have to believe it you just have to want it if you understand what. I'm just what. I just said type.

I got it in the chat because a lot of us say well. I don't believe. I can have that well you don't have to believe you can have it because we can show you how to change that really quick okay. Very good all right.

Um. I'm also going to teach you some of the fastest acting secrets for clearing your past and programming your future in other words. I'm going to teach you in in the amount of time that we have how to actually take control of the life you want and get it the way you want it um. So let's talk.

I'm going to jump to um. I'm going to show you this slide really quickly. I'm going to go through it just. So you understand where some of this training comes from uh hold on a.

Second. I have managed to okay. Um well there it is it seems like my zoom my zoom window keeps jumping around. I don't know if it's because of all the energy work.

I've been doing uh it's finding new ways to mess with me um. But we'll we'll go with that okay. So we will not be covering everything in the picture. I'm about to show you.

But. I want to teach you something really really important this is our approach to what we call vibrational. Alchemy or internal transformation in other classes it's known as the identity by. Design.

Silo okay. And the way this works is we put you into an altered state and. Then we teach you how to remove all the negativity that you didn't even know you had this is called. General negativity from there we go into uh if you have reasons for why you're not manifesting something this level of the training will actually show you how to.

Target that and get rid of it. So if you have something that goes away and comes back or something manifests and. Then you. Dem manifest it chances are there's what we call a safety lesson um in your system that's keeping that thing from being permanent for you we'll show you how to resolve that.

Then we put in default driver. States these are the states that are naturally magnetic to the vibrational frequencies that have the elements in them that you want to attract. Then we're going to teach you how to change your internal dialogue we're going to teach you how to actually change that voice in your head from one that's tearing you down criticizing you reminding you why all the reasons why you don't deserve stuff to your own personal guide mentor and cheerleader something that actually motivates you inspires you and gives you all the reasons why you actually do deserve to have it now we're going to take these five processes again we can't do this in the webinar. But we this has been part of the program you'll be getting we're going to take all of these compress them and in and remove all the negativity from your past.

So that when you look. Back on the past you only. Remembered in ways that make your life better in fact we drain all the energy out of your past memories and put them into your good memories. So that your sense of positivity becomes even stronger we take all these and we install them kind of like um if you're familiar with site.

K or uh. Bruce lipton's work on epigenetics we install all of this as a template oops at the. DNA level. So that it becomes a process that all of your cells are running and it automatically is applies it to every aspect of your life okay.

And. Then what we do is we teach you how to take the qualities characteristics of people who you admire and who you want to be more like and how to imprint those into your own nervous system. So that you can become more of the person that you want to be. So if you want to be better at tennis maybe uh you know if you pick your favorite tennis player you use this magic circle technique and we teach you how to how to actually imprint that.

So when you go play tennis you start using imprints and mirror neuron patterns from those people it's a very powerful process we call it the identity by. Design. Silo okay. Uh and this is something that will dramatically change everything about how you manifest now this is a three-hour webinar not a five-day training.

So. I have time for one or two things. So. I will cherry-pick some things from this process and guide you through them.

So you can experience them does that sound like a plan if you're okay. With that uh type that in the chat cool excellent all right. Very good all right. So um let me jump out of this.

So um yeah. So let's talk about why the. Law of. Attraction may not be working for you how many people here have ever um applied.

The. Law of. Attraction and it didn't work anybody okay. So.

I'm going to go through a real quick list here and see how many boxes it worked until it didn't work that's true and by the way when when things work and. Then they stop working it's usually because there's a transformation that has to happen inside of you in order to keep going or there's a diversion that has to happen because what you think is the most direct linear path from a. Quantum perspective isn't okay. So.

I'm going to go through um some lists of things um hold on a. Second. I got to find my page okay. All right.

So let's talk about again this is where. I get to quiz you. So here's my question question what is the law of attraction just again there's no. Right.

Or wrong answer. But. I want to know where you guys are at. So.

I can start talking about this what is the law of attraction if. I were to state the law of attraction in one or two sentences or three sentences what might that be it's like man he's asking me questions this isn't fair see here and by the way if you're you're a veteran of. Planet. David and you already know the answer to this question don't ruin the.

Thunder say. So. Ben is saying. As.

Above. So. Below uh. Stella is saying you attract who you are okay.

Okay. Uh. Anthony is on. YouTube is saying vibrational.

Harmony okay. So you can see uh using your internal energy to bring things to you okay. Like attracts like uh. Brad says the ability to relate and react in a positive way what your self-concept is you attract o that's good positive thoughts bring positive results.

So. Greg is saying planning your work than working your plan oh do it yourself. I like that all right. These are all great answers and in some respect they're all right.

If we want to go to it its most nuts and bolts and see if this resonates with you in most of the works that. I've studied specific to manifestation in the. Law of. Attraction most people believe that everything in the universe is a vibration would you guys agree with that yes.

Or yes. Everything has a vibration okay. So what the. Law of.

Attraction tells us in in more or less these words is that you will attract into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts. So if you're think you know the. Buddhist would say you you you become what you think about all day long or you think what you become right. So if.

I think about happy good thoughts. Then. I'm going to attract happy good experiences does that sound like what we're taught the law of attraction is right. If.

I does it work out that way does it work out that way functionally. So if. I'm always thinking happy positive thoughts. I'm always having happy positive experiences oh huh all right.

So let's read let's go ahead and. I'm gonna put on my neurolinguistic programmer. Hat real quick and just go back to that definition. I gave you okay.

You will attract the situ sit the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts. So if we're not getting that all the time something's wrong would you or something's not quite right. Would that would that be a fair assessment yes. Or yes.

It's again this is how. I teach guys it's an interactive thing okay. Maybe the problem isn't the vibration maybe the problem isn't the attraction maybe the problem is in the term dominant thoughts you see most of us when we think of our dominant thoughts we think of what am. I aware of right.

Now what am. I conscious of right. Now. I'm.

GNA suggest that your dominant thoughts are the ones you're not aware of. I'm going to suggest that your dominant thoughts are the negative beliefs and traumas and hurts that you've been repressing and denying and running away from for years while trying to. Overlay them with positive thoughts and here's why after 15 or 20 years of working with people who have manifested fabulously bad things in their life. But it's still manifestation one of the things that you discover very very quickly is that the things that have the most energy are the things we run away from the things we deny the things we repress or try to distract ourselves from now when you unpack those trauma containers and.

I have ger terminology for that. But imagine imagine u a memory like a big bowl of soup that's in motion right. That thing's constantly running every time you have a traumatic experience whether it's from a onetime event or it's from a series of of. Unfortunate.

Events those are little movies that are locked in your system somewhere in your physical body your energy bodies in your mind whatever whatever terminology you use for and it's like a movie that's on an endless loop you guys ever hit you know when there's a little video you like or something you just hit the replay or the the repeat function on the on your player and it just keeps playing over and over and over again you guys know what. I'm talking about what happens when you have a limiting belief or memory especially if they're caused by trauma is somewhere in your mind and body is a little video playing on an endless loop and it's playing all the time 24 hours a day seven days a week 365 days a year until you get rid of it now from moment to moment to moment your dominant thoughts are what you're thinking what you think are your dominant thoughts are the transient thoughts you're having in the moment. So if. I'm 80% of my stuff is is happening below the threshold of conscious awareness locked somewhere in my body on an endless loop what are my actual dominant thoughts are they the ones.

I'm conscious of or the ones. I'm other than conscious of you see where. I'm coming from the problem isn't with the law of attraction the problem is with us the problem is with the idea that the things we're whereare of are the things that are dominant they're not the dominant thoughts that you need to clear that will allow you to manifest are the things that are always below the threshold of conscious awareness now that sounds like a gargantuan herculian task it isn't because there's a very simple way to begin to clear those things fast okay. And the way you do it is by provoking them what poke the.

Bear yes. What does that mean it means everything you need to do is about clearing your crap before you manifest. But sometimes in order to find the crap to clear you've got to actually do the manifestation part. First.

So let's play with this let's can we play a game if if you want to play a game let me go ahead and type your go ahead and type. I'll play in the chat okay. All right. So this is going to be one of our closed eye processes if you're driving please don't do this process.

But. I want you to stop for a moment and. I want you to think of something that you really want to manifest okay. That's the.

First parameter something you really want to manifest. I want you to take a moment and write that down okay. When you've done that type done in the chat cool all right. Now here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to take a moment and. I want you to create a mental movie of you having that thing and when and and if it's something you can't conceive of having there's a simple workaround instead of saying what would it be like ask yourself what might it be like right. I could spend an two or three hours on packing all the power inherent in that one word might what might that be like okay.

Okay. I want you to run that movie and as you run that movie. I want you to start to become aware of the various feelings in your body as you run that movie. I want you to notice as you run that movie where the good feelings are and point to them and notice there's a color maybe a series of colors connected to those good feelings pay attention to what color of colors that might be for you.

First impression when you've got that stop for a moment. Shake. It. Out type done in the chat and we'll go on to.

Part. B of this exercise okay. Good excellent now for. Part.

B of this exercise. I want you to create that movie again and. I want you to run it again and this time as you run that movie and you're asking what that might be like. I want you to notice the other feelings in your body that are not.

So positive that are more on the icky. Naggy limiting side and notice where in your body those feelings are located and point to them and notice the color connected to those feelings when you know where it is and what color it is. I want you to stop. Shake.

It. Out write down on your piece of paper where it was and what color it was and. Then type done in the chat excellent okay. How many of you noticed.

First time you did it there was some really good feelings look. At my let me look. My. YouTubers here okay.

Done excellent my. YouTubers are on it man. I got a lot of. DS here and when you brought up those negative feelings did you notice there were some colors connected to that too okay.

Rob says uh he did not feel it okay. Good that's fine not feeling it by the way numbness and not feeling is still a feeling colors yes. Very good now we ran the same movie. First time.

I we did it. I had you focus on where the good feelings are. Then we ran the movie again. I had to focus on where the negative feelings are this is called provocation okay.

A lot of times when you want to clear a block that block won't be be trackable until you try to do something in the positive direction. So. I'm just just as a quick a quick um. U just checking in when you ran the movie.

The. First. Time how many of you noticed that the negative feelings were there already before. I asked about it anybody congratulations you just found your dominant thoughts your dominant thoughts wasn't the the movie you were running in your head the dominant thoughts that you needed to clear were the negative feelings you pointed to in your body does that make sense if you're not manifesting the things you want the way you want them or you manifest to a certain point and.

Then it stops or you manifest and what manifest is only partially what you wanted chances are there were some there were some programs running below the threshold of conscious awareness that was tainting the vibrational message you were sending out to the universe not your fault you didn't necessarily put them there directly. But it is your responsibility for cleaning them up. So here's one of the. First two two rules.

I want to give you you will attract into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts the problem is is that the. Dom your dominant thoughts are not what you're thinking your dominant thoughts are what you're feeling and they're the feelings you're having below the threshold of conscious awareness the reason we have to do tons and tons and tons of affirmations if we're using the classical approaches to manifest it well we have to use vision boards and things of that nature is because we constantly have to remind ourselves of the of what we want enough that we can overcome the negativity that's locked in our systems does that make sense. I'm gonna suggest. I'm.

G to put forth the idea that if you want to manifest things faster and better you need to go proactively and clear up the things that are actually running on an endless loop inside your system. So that you go to manifest the person who you are becoming the person now who can actually have it because you're going to have to clear this stuff no. Matter what the more linear that process is for you the faster you can get what you want does that make sense. Brad says.

I had to run a full scan of my body to find the netive that's fine um. David says what is the nature of thought really functionally speaking what are they oh that's a great question and if. I ask if. I ask the room what are thoughts.

I would get a hundred different answers and none of them would be practical okay. So. I'm going to give you a couple of principles. I want you to write these down okay.

First everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of period either moving towards something or away from something now when it comes to manifestation that's also true the difference is a lot of times you're not conscious of what you're moving away from and the only way that you can find it is by provoking it the way you provoke it is to take your manifestation tools that you have the positive manifestation tools and you apply them and when you apply. Then if you have the awareness now to notice where in the body is the positive feeling where in the body are the icky. Naggy in the back. But how many of you noticed that when you focused when when you were doing your manifestation work that when you were focusing on the positive image and focusing on the positive feelings you tried to ignore the.

Naggy feelings did you notice that you were trying to. F consciously focus on the positive ones and ignore the negative ones and did you notice that the negative feelings seem to be fainter they they they were somehow weaker. But like almost in the background kind of a thing how many of you noticed that okay. Stella says.

I didn't really feel anything good. I'm coming to your seminar right. And not everybody will feel everything negative right. Then says because they're fting well you're close the reason that those feelings those negative feelings felt not as strong isn't because they're weak it's because they're deep they're deeper in the system in the acupuncture in the fascia in the organs and.

So they have this far off distant quality. But the deeper they are the more dominant they are okay. So the dominant thoughts idea you will attract the situation circumstances and events and people into your life that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts is true. But the dominant thoughts the things that are really driving your buzs are below the threshold of conscious awareness and they're locked in the body we have to find those and we have to systematically remove them right.

So when we talk about feelings in the body you know when we're talking about manifestation we're talking about. Law of. Attraction we're talking about vibration right. Vibration has two con uh two aspects to it you have frequency and quality.

So a certain brain a certain frequency will. Express certain qualities and there's an amount to it. So um well okay. So for example how many people are familiar with with the the concept of simatics guys know what simatic frequencies are if not it's okay.

How many people ever been little children you been a little child type me in the chat okay. Good. So maybe you remember this when you were in elementary school or middle school in science class you're learning about physics they would take a uh they would take a a stereo speaker and they would place it on its back and they would take a piece of cardboard and they would sprinkle sand over the cardboard and. Then they'd play a song or a sound through it and the the sand would vibrate and as it vibrated it it started to take on geometric patterns and every time they changed the sound that was playing through the speaker the pattern would change you guys you guys ever have an experience like that if not you can go to.

YouTube and type in simatic frequencies and you'll see all kinds of videos for it. So every frequency that is embodied has. GE geometries and sounds and smells and tastes and things that it's emanating and expressing through the world one of the primary ways that we use this is by understanding that vibration and frequency equals feeling the the the your vibrational signature that you send out to the universe is the sum total of all the body feelings that you have and. So if you want a pure signal you need.

Pur feelings you need more higher level vibrations and feelings does that make sense. So the question becomes how do we use that how do we do that that well it's it's written behind me if you can point to where you feel it you can change it the question becomes are you allowed to change it and that's where that little little diagram. I showed you earlier. General negativity spe special negativity y y y.

That's where that diagram comes in because we can show you how to remove um those things does it count if you still are. I don't know what that means okay. So are you guys with me. So far everything human beings do is in response to a feeling feeling they either want more of or a feeling oh a feeling you want a whole lot less of yes.

So. David is asking. I never got this about the law of polarity should everything negative be polarized towards the positive or the idea is to get rid of it in the. First place how do you actually do mental transmutation that's a great question.

So let me answer a question question that came before that because it leads right. Into the answer to this question and where we're at right. Now one of the things that we need to do if we want to become powerful in terms of our manifestation ability and everything about you by the way is designed for manifestation and transformation your entire system is built like a tuning fork did you guys know that let me give you an example one bone two bones one bone two bones one bone two bones your systems built like a tuning fork it's designed to transmit and transduce vibration you're built for this okay. But if nobody tells you how to how to interpret what's being done or what or how the system operates you're at a loss.

So polarities exist they have to exist until you can um integrate them until they become one unified whole. So that leads us to the concept of transformation which leads us back to an earlier question what are thoughts made out of and if. I were to ask you what thoughts are made out of. I would get 50 different answers.

I'm. G to just just cut to the chase there's five things that your thoughts are made out of functionally that allow you the ability to transform anything you want into anything you want let me say that again there are five building blocks of thought that allow you functionally that allow ow you to transform anything you want into anything that you want. So here it is you guys ready here's what your thoughts are made out visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory data let me say it again. I'll say it two more times visual auditory kinesthetic ol.

Factory and gustatory data okay. You guys want to play with this a little bit yes. Or yes. This is the interactive part of tonight's seminar okay.

So let's start with something very simple a lot of times when we are trying to manifest something we're manifesting it from the wrong. State how many people here by by an honest show of hands usually wait how many people by real quick how many people here know what affirmations actually are or what affirmations are. I've heard of them yes. Let me ask you an honest question how many of you don't usually start doing affirmations until you're in a shitty mood and you need to get out of it anybody be honest.

Randy says oh yeah because most of most of us when we're feeling good and we're feeling happy right. We don't think about affirmations because everything's great. But when we're feeling down when we get the. Next tax bill or the.

Next rent check or the rent check slate or oh. I got a manifest. I got a manifest now we're in a shitty unresourceful. State and now 90% of the affirmations that we do are just to get back to neutral.

So everything that we're going to do is going to start with a. Breaking the state that you're in becoming positive and. Then building on that does that make sense okay. If you're doing affirmations from a state of desperation you're running west looking for a sunrise okay.

If you're running if you're doing affirmations out of from a state of fear you're running west looking for a sunrise okay. So let's talk about how do we change that how do we absolutely just flip the script on it everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of we agree on that at least for the sake of this webinar yes. Or yes. Okay.

The fastest way to change your state is by changing your posture and changing your breathing. So this is where we're going to start we're going to set the foundation for manifestation by changing our default state right. Now into something more positive does that make sense that's what we're going to do now if you're driving don't do this if you're driving don't do this. So the rest of you if you're not driving and it's safe for you to do this.

I want you all to stand up okay. Now. I'm gonna ask you guys a question really quick what's a higher vibration sadness or. Joy just type it in the chat what's the higher vibration sadness or.

Joy ecstasy or anger what's a higher vibration ex your anger. I know it sounds like like duh. David get to the point what's what's a higher vibration playfulness or seriousness playfulness or seriousness that's right. You see when we start engaging in our.

Law of. Attraction practices you ever notice we tend to get serious we may not be angry we may not be sad. But we're like all in we're like committed right. That's a level of serious that the.

Old. Masters would call lust for results lust for results will block your manifestation just as powerfully as trying to work from a state of sadness or anger or um loss. So when the playful is about just doing it and having a good time with it does that make sense and. So when we start to do these things we have to be willing to let it go when you're playful it's easier to let things go okay.

It's the lust for results part that screws more people up because it's attachment attachment keeps you from manifesting okay. Jasmine is saying. I think the good is higher. But the bad negative is stronger the bad the the the negative energies have more amplitude because you've practice them more and you have a negativity bias.

But you can flip that script. So it's a good point right. And again we'll show you how to change a lot of this u in in the courses and stuff like that. But right.

Now we have to have an experience. So that we can build off of it does that make sense. So. I want you all to stand up.

I want you to be like be like uh. Tay. Tay and shake it off right. Shake your body right.

Stand up. I want you to close your eyes. Remember if you're d don't do this. I want you to close your eyes.

And remember a time in your life when you were having the most fun ever you didn't give a crap about anything you were just having a great time and you didn't care what happened. I want you to just take a moment and remember that time now here's what always happens a handful of people when. I ask them to do this will go and they'll choke for a moment that's okay. Every now and.

Then a smaller handful will say. I've never had an experience like that well that's okay. Just ask yourself a slightly different question what might that be like what might that be like okay. And imagine just like we did what might it be like to have that feeling okay.

Which is close your eyes. I want you to remember what you were seeing in that moment. I want you to remember what you were. Hearing in that moment remember what you were smelling and what you were tasting because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute fun pleasure playfulness whatever word or words you use to describe that feeling step into that moment stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing and as you do that notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it and as you point to where you feel it and you're standing that way and you're breathing that way.

I want you to look. At that spot inside with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious.

I'm wondering what what color colors that might be for you now you don't have to type it in the chat. I just want you to become fully aware of those colors and. I want you to notice a big ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill your entire room from floor a ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of play fun pleasure.

Joy a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all downers all bummers real or imagin well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those col through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away keep your posture keep your breathing and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied stop testing allow your eyes. To open notice how good you feel when you've got that type done in the chat and what you experienced just now okay. For those of you in.

YouTube you don't have to tell me the color. Then says done how are you guys feeling now. Ben says great done lighter very good here's a secret this is how you should begin everything right. How many of you guys would like to be up to 31% better at everything yes.

Just do what we just did when you move through the world in a fun playful explorational let's just see what happens energy you are up to 31% more aware 31% more spontaneous 31% more adaptable and 31% more persuasive as well as your counterparts the people you interact with we up to 31% more complete client in other words just by embodying this state you'll get what you want 31% more of the time would that change your life would hearing yes. Up to 31% more change things for you can we really change our states that fast yeah you can change them faster. But we needed to process the more you practice this one drill the more your life will change okay. Because you have this device in your brain called the reticular activating system that creates your perception of the reality based on the body feelings that you have if you're moving through the world in a state of seriousness if you're moving through the world in a state of anger if you're moving through the world in a state of impatience frustration fear that little mechanism in your head starts look.

Look. For things to make you feel afraid or impatient or frustrated. But if you're moving through the world feeling explorational and playful and you're practicing and of the ability to embody that on demand. Then that little mechanism in your head is going to zero in on things that allow you to experience playfulness that allow you to experience change and and exploration and all those good things because it's a higher vibration it's going to shift your.

Consciousness and your reality and that's what we're that's what all manifestation really is it's a combination of. Shifting. Consciousness and taking action let me repeat that all manifestation is a combination of. Shifting your.

Consciousness and changing and taking your actions put them together manifestation happens you don't got to believe it you just got to do it okay. Jasmine is saying uh thank you. So much because. I woke up this morning and was at a low.

So. I just said you know what. I'm going to go spend the day pretending. I'm in my mind that.

I'm in a happy place from a kid boom right. There's. So much power and the ability to pray pretend to play pretend it's hidden in the. Bible when.

Jesus said be his little children this is what he was in my opinion this is what he was referring to that childlike imaginative mind that goes and acts on those things in the imagination right. But we need a process we're adults. So we need a structure we need a process this is how you do it decide what you want make the movie point to where you feel it notice the color extend the color outside of your body expand it to fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body and hold the posture of the state you want and just keep breathing that color until the the motion that you want reaches its peak once you've hit that open your eyes. And take the actions that you wanted to take this is this is platform this is foundation you guys with me has this is this was this useful okay.

Now one of the things. I want. I want to share with you about the process you just did and the process you just did is called resonant frequency generator repeat that two more times resonant frequency generator and it works off of the integration of your imagination your breath and your body okay. So the.

First thing that has to happen is you have to ask the question we call this the sematic search engine what do. I want what might that be like imagine it run the movie b boom boom boom boom boom point to the bo you feel it turn it into a color externalize the color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your body over and over and over again until you're fully embodying that state. So good question. So does this mean that manifestation is ultimately a k aesthetic.

State and we are trying to maintain that rather than to manifest yes. And no. There's a huge amount of kinesthetics in manifestation how we get to those kinesthetics is where all of these other um systems or all these other techniques come in because there's two things we want to talk about we talk about the laws of mental. Dynamics one is called the law of compounding and the law of.

Primacy law of. Primacy says whatever is there. First and whatever is there the longest is the hardest thing to change. So every time you go to do a manifestation practice if it's not in alignment with something that was already there you're going to have to overcome that you're gonna have to change that thing that was there.

First the way you do that is to what we call the law of compounding if. I give you a suggestion over and over and over again each each each suggestion or each affirmation is like a piece of paper. So. I make a suggestion or.

I give an affirmation. I have a piece of paper. I do another suggestion. I put another piece of paper on top of that another suggestion.

I put another piece of paper on top of that it's going to take a while for that paper to build up any significant weight would you agree yes. Or yes. Okay. What if there was a way what if there was a way to add more weight to the paper to use heavier paper instead of using 20.

PB. Bond maybe we use 40 pound card stock or 80 pound card stock or something like that right. What if instead of using the equivalent of a piece of paper we're using the equivalent of uh a she a sheet of plywood does that what would happen to our manifestations. Then what do you think okay.

You think it might accelerate our process syn deeper yes. Ed. It. Would.

Not only would it syn deeper the amount of energy pure energy that your system is sending out to the universe would be exponential okay. When we come back for phase three. I'm going to show you exactly how to do that. But let's.

R is it before we go into phase two or. I take you into. Next steps okay. Let's review really quick what we've got.

So far everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they want more of or a feeling they don't they want a whole lot less of the feeling. States in your body are equivalent to the vibrational frequency you're sending out to the universe higher frequencies are stronger than lower frequencies okay. So lower frequencies lower fre anger serious sadness loss grief fear insecurity frustration all that stuff lowers your vibration. So if you want to do manifestation work you've gotta you've got to dissolve that out and change your state to a positive.

State playful joyful grateful loving any of those will work and one of the things. I actually um would teach my my therapy clients who were who couldn't do safety was pleasure and it worked like a charm it cut through all their traumas okay. So how do we do that it's very simple decide what you want ask yourself what that might be like imagine it run the movie in your head over and over and over again stand and breathe that way point to where you feel that feeling the good feelings in your body look. At it with your inner eye notice the color imagine a ball of that energy out out in the room expand it to fill the room wrap it around you breathe it through your body over and over and over again until your whole body's vibrating and tingling how many of you noticed your body your whole body started to vibrate when you did that anybody yes.

Because what you just did was change the the the vibration of your entire body for that. Mo for that duration you you you uplevel the entire vibrational signature of your entire system okay. That's that's your working. State that's where.

I need you guys to be when you do any of the manifestation tools. I'm going to teach you in part three now the question becomes how do we get there which we just covered that's one of the ways to get there. But how do we stay there how do we start leveling up our entire system. So that we're always in this this upbeat positive powerful state of manifestation and that's what the the system that we're going to share with you uh in part two is going to be and what we're going to focus on teaching you where to go in part three.

So are you guys ready for um phase two to to learn about. Next steps you guys ready for that bring it. Ben says all right. Very cool.

So. I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen here okay. So here's what. I got for you um there we go.

So the. First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to take them and type into the chat the exact things you want to manifest as a byproduct of tonight's train just type it in the chat as a byproduct of what you want from tonight's training okay.

And. Then with your permission as you're doing that. I'd like to talk to you about the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course this is a set of programs that. I custom designed and put together to give you the maximum ability to manifest anything you want on demand at will now. I'll be honest with you.

I. I didn't necessarily design these things for you. I designed them for me after working for. So long with.

So many different people in. So many different contexts. I realized that there was an an underlying truth to all these systems and that if you understood how to link them together you could really pretty much use this to build your. Chief like if you're a martial artist and you're into chiong and energy projection and stuff like that you could use this system to build your energy to redonkulous levels if you're a.

Healer you could use this system to amplify your skills at healing people by using the techniques. But you can also use these things on yourself to heal and manifest if you're someone who's interested in dating and relationship work or you're a relationship coach you can use these things to level up all the inner game skills that you might need and any point in between. So the. First thing is the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course is about taking your life to the. Next level it's about shucking off the layers of uh we call them ego extensions.

But basically they're the identities that other people have imposed on you and about becoming the person you want to be based on your ideas your expectations your values and the things you want in your life um rhino. Is asking how do you know if you're a. Healer that's actually a really good question touch the tip of your nose if you feel a little crease on the tip of your nose to make a long story short you're healer you just don't know it yet okay. But this particular program will help you to make more money it'll help you to close more deals and closing more deals could be getting that date it could be helping people make reach their transformational and therapeutic goals it can help you make become more confident become more powerful um it can allow you to become more charming and charismatic and irresistible and there's.

So much more that these. Technologies can do for you think about what you were able to do with just five or six minutes of color breathing and resolution frequency generator how you could how you were able to very quickly figure out what you wanted and what were the the locations in your body where all the blocks were stored just that just clearing those blocks would allow you to take off like a rocket the reason. I say that is because from 20 years of clinical experience right. Most people move through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the difference between the thrust from the engine and the drag from the anchor that determines how far they get how fast now the challenge that most of us face is we think that all we need to do is put more juice and more thrust into the anchor all into the uh into the jet engine which makes gives us the appearance of of putting out more effort.

But it doesn't actually increase our velocity all that much because the more thrust we put in the in the jet engine the more drag we get from the anchor. But if we cut those anchors that limit us and hold us back we take off like a rocket without any extra work and. So when we're gonna when we're going to manifest things it's about cutting the anchors that are holding you back. So you can take off like the rocket you are okay.

That's a weird metaphor. But it's kind of how. I feel about it now everything. I'm going to share with you tonight is is a package deal and it's good until 11:59 p.m we encourage this for firsttime buyers only if you see some of the things in this program that you already have can allow you to substitute uh if you have if.

You' bought similar packages from us in the past we do have other programs available and other packages available call. Moss at 858 282 4663 or reach out to. Mia at 85828 24663 and we'll customize a package just for you okay. So the ultimate manifestation.

Mastery home study course is about how to unlock the power of your body and your subconscious mind to quickly manifest anything you desire it's about finding and removing the blocks to your health wealth and happiness you didn't even know you had it's about becoming magnetic to money and abundance or whatever form of wealth you're seeking to to attract it's about learning how to influence people ethically honestly um vibrationally remote in time and space it's about how to find and remove the hidden negativity the secret rules that have governed how much you. You' allowed yourself to make or the make you've allowed you've allowed yourself to attract and how to change those rules how to become painfree physically mentally and emotionally right. Because you no. Longer need to be that way right.

It's about clearing up for those of you who believe in past lives it's about clearing up the karmic lessons from previous incarnations or genetic memory that aren't yours. But you're having to struggle and deal with these processes will work on those things. So if you're someone who suffers from something like we call generational trauma or things of that nature this stuff can actually help to clear that and it can go back multiple. Generations it's really.

F fascinating how this works right. U we'll teach you how to clear up those issues that just don't seem to go away if you've been dating the same person with a different face for the. Last 20 years you know exactly what. I'm talking about if you found yourself winding up for the same job in a different location every single decade this is what.

I'm talking about okay. Um we're g to teach you actually we're going to teach you a version of this powerful. New. Y information method for reprogramming your mind to attract things you want change what you deserve the nice thing about a lot of these let me say the nice thing the challenge that we have when it comes to a lot of the classic manifestation tools and techniques that we're we're taught to use is they run they run.

Contra to the beliefs we have that say we can have it if that makes any kind of sense like. So if. I say if. I say to myself.

I now generate a seven figure business my my business now makes seven seven figures a year right. And. I have a belief that says. I only.

I can only have a high six figure business well now that the affirmation that. I'm giving myself is running directly headlong into the limiting belief of not being able to break seven figures. But what if there was a way to ask your neurology a question that would bypass the limiting belief and tap directly into the beliefs you already have that allow you to do something what if there was a way to do that you're going to exper that's what would happen when that that's that's the equivalent of going from putting one sheet of paper on top of another sheet of a paper to another sheet of paper to taking a a a plank of plywood and putting it on that sheet of paper and. Then another plank of plywood and putting it on that sheet of paper right.

It's going to amplify the energy that you're bringing to bear on your manifestation this is this is an intrinsic part of this this program okay. We're going to teach you how to delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past what most people don't realize is that the people we've encountered in our past leave vibrational and energetic chords and programs mentally and vibrationally inside of us that actually limit us we're going to teach you how to discover those and remove them. I'm going to teach you the image cycling process which in my opinion in spite of all the many powerful things. I've learned in the past two and a half to three years image cycling is still the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation.

I have ever discovered it will accelerate and supercharge any other processes you incorporate with it. But it's not always gentle. So you have to be ready for that and. So much more there's.

So much more coming your way right. Total value on this is $1,997. But if you grab your course today you're going to get these special bonuses as well. So the.

First thing we're going to include is uh one of my favorite courses of all time this is our vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition training in this course. I taught everything from raiki to the ancient uh esoteric.

Miko. Buddhist system of magic and manifestation known as kuji in and kuji kuji uh kuji. Goin ho which is the nine syllable protection method. I taught.

Advanced energetic soundwork uh manifestation practices. I think. I might have taught some cabala uh stuff in here as well. I think this also has a if.

I'm not mistaken a module on dowsing lots of really cool things uh in this course and it and it's usually a three-day we taught a. Fivay because we're out in the. United. Kingdom.

So this program will teach you how to gain control of your mind and body and tap into the secret powers of your subconscious mind and your spirit uh to unlock your unlimited potential it's going to give you the ability to harness the forces of the universe to do your bidding that's a big that's a big claim don't believe me get the course do the work see what happens uh in fact one of one of the funny little funny fact toid we had a a circle of of ladies who came to this training who fell in love with all the the mudras and the chantings and stuff like that and they became what was known as. The koogi. Cult and um in the morning before. I would go in for every training there'd be these little circle of women all holding mudras and chanting and manifesting things they wanted uh it was really cool uh.

So if you want a psychically and energ ically protect yourself there are very powerful systems for doing that how to heal yourself and others how to clear your chakras and master your energy field um how to actually measure chakra size and spin things of that nature um how to increase your own psychic skills and much much more. So we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a $2,497 value we're going to include the bonus days because again you're going to get the core system for how to tap into the power of your nervous system we might as well give you other things that you can do with it okay. And total value on this is $4,495. But we're not done yet um we're also going to include because a lot of you are coaches therapists and healers we're going to teach we're going to give you our three-day vibrational uh healing program and this is a course that will allow you to unlock your true healing abilities faster than you ever thought possible it's not going to necessarily replace what you've got it's going to be an accelerator and a forc multiplier to the exact things that you're doing and show you faster ways to get results with yourself and with your clients we'll teach you to find and remove the energetic blocks to health wealth and happiness things you didn't even know were there we're going to teach you how to become a master of energy healing how to heal people remotely they're going to teach you two or three ways actually that you can do remote healing find and remove hidden negativities and energetic blockages clear up issues that just don't seem to go away powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind these are really cool um and energy bodies empowering your healing and manifestation skills for maximum results and minimum time remember everything we do in.

Planet. David is about getting you the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time possible. I don't waste my time on low percentage technique and. I'm not going to waste your time on low percentage technique if you're uh pathologically impatient like me uh and want results that you can take to the bank sometimes literally this is a course that'll allow you to do that very very fast okay.

Uh we're going to teach you energetic and vibrational self-defense. Secrets you'll understand the. Dynamics of psychic attack and defense much better than the average human being uh to discover the most powerful engines of personal transformation that exist and much much more this is also a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free as well. So if you did all the math hopefully my math is.

Right. Total combined value on this is $6,000 $991 we're also going to include our secrets of. Personality trans formation home study course now you saw a piece of this when. I showed you that diagram that showed the general negativity clearing the um specialized negativity p uh default driver.

States changing internal dialogue removing the negativity from your past installing it at the genetic level and. Then installing the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire this is the course that will teach you how to do this on yourself by yourself. So you'll be able to reprogram your subconscious mind at will in fact when if you follow the the training in this program you'll be able to do those entire seven stages in less than eight minutes because we actually have in this video. I think is me we actually have somebody uh standing up in front of the room and they go through the entire process from start to finish in eight minutes actually less than eight minutes.

But. I'm. I'm being liberal we're going to teach you how to reprogram your mind at will how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs how to find remove the hidden negativity how to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away there's a theme. Here.

Right. Change that crappy voice inside your head to one that build you up and motivates you and inspires you and reminds you of all the reasons why you're always good enough and you're never ever alone how to resolve the negativity from your past this past or other pasts how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want to be more like right. Not not necessarily to be that person. But to be more like those people this is your ability to.

Custom. Design the identity you move through the world in. So total value on this is $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have everything we want you to have all the tools at your disposal uh and if you register for this program before the end of the webinar it's a total combined value of 9,488 you're going to get all these fast action. Bon or all these uh exclusive bonuses absolutely abolutely free this is another.

Super bonus that we're adding because inevitably people always ask me about how to manifest their soulmate well few months back. I did a couple of classes on exactly that how to manifest your soulmate and there's a lot of baggage and a lot of bad teachings about what being having a soulmate is really all about what that means and how to and how to manifest that. So we're going to give you um access to that entire training um it's how to find identify and attract the love of your life and actually keep them right. It's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's going to teach you some things you didn't know you needed to know like the surprising way that chemistry affects uh your the process of infatuation and how that's actually different from true love right.

And why you need to go through that infatuation phase and what to do. So that you go through it and keep the relationship instead of bouncing from one infatuation or crush to another we're going to teach you about how to overcome the soulmate myth you see there's a lot of people who believe that there's one person out there for them and all the trainings. I've experienced behind closed doors with. Mystics on the concept of soulmate say that o.

NE nay that's not how it works there is no. One person for you your soulmates can actually change as your level of spiritual. Evolution changes and if you're on the path of transformation and manifestation you're going to change and you need to understand the kettle of fish you're opening up okay. You need to know how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood we're going to show you how to do that how to prepare yourself for the communication style of your partners.

So you can select partners that have a communication style that actually matches you and if they the partner you have doesn't match how do you change that what steps do you take. So that both of you are having better communication and a better. EXP experience of being communicated with right. Techniques to move from the infatuation phase to the love phase how to accept change in your relationships how to determine what you need in a relationship right.

And and how to know that you're getting it this is such a crucial piece of the relationship puzzle guys and it's amazing to me how many people miss it completely. But if you can dial this in man nobody will let you go and you will find people that will move. Heaven and. Earth to make you happy okay.

But you've got to do the work right. How to identify obstacles in your relationship and. Then conquer them strategies for keeping the spark alive maybe married or with the same person for 10 15 20 years and it's just the same old same old how do we get that back how do we turn up the juice right. I'm going to show you how to do that how to discover why you're attracted to certain types of people and why you move away from others right.

This is a real thing why are we attracted to certain types of people why do we have a type and how do we fix that right. And if we do have a type how do we make the most of it right. Um you'll identify family patterns which contribute to the relationships you have how to discover the qualities that you most want in a partner right. How to learn the basic communication patterns and the ways to demonstrate your love we call this.

Love. Languages right. Uh this. So many time.

So many people avoid or or they ignore the concept of. Love. Languages and attachment. Styles and it's such an important piece of how we maximize our relation ships you'll discover the difference between sex sexuality sensuality and the role each one plays in your ideal relationship you'll learn how to identify potential relationship challenges and how to handle them right.

There's. So and a whole lot more okay. So there's a lot that goes into this course we're going to give this to you along with all the manuals and. PDFs and all the videos absolutely free it's a $1,997 value if you did all the math.

So far you'd realize that the total combined value value of this is $1,485. So let's just review what this manifestation. Mastery course is really giving you right. It's giving you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction home study course valued at $1,997 we're going to include extra bonus training on. Advanced vibrational techniques that you can start employing right. Away with the vibrational influence.

UK special edition it's a $2,497 value comes with two complete bonus dat days of content we're going to give you the vibrational healing 2021 uh home home study course three-day training $2,497 value we're going to include the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course valued at $2,497. Value and of course we're going to give you that extra super bonus if you grab your course right. Now hidden.

Laws of. Attraction uh soulmate. Secrets master class it's a $1,997 value total combined value is $1,485 if you were to buy them individually on the website which some of these you actually can't um. So obviously.

I want you to have the best deal you possible today if you're here it's not an accident you're here for a reason you're here to get tools to change your life. I'm going to give you as much as. I can and point you in the direction of where to get the rest of it. So we're not going to charge you we're not going to make you pay $1,485.

I'm not even going to charge a half price right. And put it in at $649 .97 in fact. I'm not even going to charge you $24.97 if you want all of this and more if you're ready to make a change and you know you are you can get it all for just one low installment of just 9.97 and to make it even easier if you need to all you got to do is you can break that down if you want into three easy installments of just 397 each and all you got to do to get yours is go to. NLP power.com.

SLA click the link uh npower.com hloa when you click that link um fill out the form uh make sure that all the bonuses are listed if they don't reach out to. Mia or moss and uh let them know what you want right. Click the link click the link npower.com. HL.

OA h a okay. And go ahead and. I think the they're posting the links in the chat or they should be posting links in the chat um yeah you might want to put the uh the. HTTP col back uh www.lpower.com [Music] all right.

I think that that link should work if it doesn't work let me know. I type that in there for you guys um and. I'm going to put this in the oh. I just put that in the here we go okay.

Hopefully that link works if not uh yeah. NLP power.com okay. Great okay. So for those of you who uh need a little extra reassurance here's my challenge for you grab your course now click that link.

HTTP www.lpower.com hloa click this link right. Now test drive this program for 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the track on the. FastTrack and making more money getting the kind of love and relationships that you want if you're not attracting more success and on the track towards manifesting the life of your dreams we'll go ahead and we refund every cent you invested in this program okay. If this program doesn't work for you.

I don't want your funds. I don't want your investment. I'll give it back to you and you can even keep the programs you've downloaded as my gift for giving us a shot there's absolutely zero risk here everything is guaranteed to work for you if it doesn't pick up the phone or send us an email we'll walk you through the steps if after we walk you through the steps it's still not working let us know and we'll refund you just let me or. Moss know we're all about making you as successful as humanly possible.

But we can't multiply zeros if you don't take the action we can't take the action okay. You know. I was always told that if you go halfway. God will come the other half well notice what starts.

First right. Click this link npower.com hloa if you have questions you can reach out to. Moss directly at 858 282 4663 um if you call and we always get a rush at at this time the phones are always busy uh and you get the voicemail please please please please leave your contact information. So many people call up get the voicemail and.

Then they hang up and. Then they call back the. Next day and they can't get any of the extra bonuses you if you if you leave your contact information and we get back and we always get back to you within 24 hours you will qualify for any and all extra bonuses that we're talk we're going to be talking if you wait till tomorrow and try to get this offer you won't be able to all right. So please if you call leave your contact information if you get the voicemail if you call in.

Moss or. Mia pick up ask your questions they'll be happy to spend as much time as necessary. But remember other people are trying to get through too right. Calling up for information isn't a time to trauma dump and.

I'm. I'm going to be very very clear about that because is we want to help. But there's time and a place for everything. So by all means when you click this link or you call the phone number we're here to help you take the.

First step we'll take the. Second. Step. Okay.

Click the link now. NLP power.com hloa all right. Now for those of you who are ready. I always believe that the action that gets repeat rewarded gets repeated the action that gets repeated gets reinforced.

So for those those of you who are fast action takers who want the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time possible if you grab your course by clicking that link. NLP power.com hloa before. I log off the webinar tonight. I'm going to include these special fast action bonuses okay.

A you're going to get the. NLP uh three-month access to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program.

Practice. Group this is the longest running. NLP. Practice.

Group in the world it's been running non-stop since. October of 2010 and it's not if you're not going to get us um let me jump out of this to talk about this this the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program is not going to give you a certificate it's going to give you something even more important it's going to give you a community it's going to give you the ability to roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills on the.

Third. Saturday of every month people log in from all over the world if you're local every. So often we open up the. NLP office and you can come in to the.

NLP office live in person with me and train. Last month we did a double long. Mastermind we did eight hours live. So we had like seven eight people uh from the local.

San. Diego area in the training room and we had like 20 30 40 people uh on the on the the zoom call coming in and for eight hours we drilled energy etics and manifestation and cord cutting and healing it was it was wild right. It was incredible and you're going to get a chance to do that for those of you who click that link right. Now you're going to get three months access to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program on the. Third. Saturday every month you're.

G to log in or show up and. I'm gonna ask you what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. I'm going to write what you want on my little board. I'm going to step back.

I'm going to look. At what you asked for what everybody else asks for. I'm going to find the. Connecting.

Threads and. I'm going to generate a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four to six hours.

I'm going to drill you and your your companions on exactly those skills. So that when you leave you can do them in your sleep you've got the skill set you need you drilled down you did deliver a practice on the exact skill sets you need to make that stuff work out in the real world okay. You won't get a certificate from the. NLP power.

Mastermind. Management program what you will get is me and a community of like-minded people who are supporting each other and working together to become the very best versions of themselves right. One of the problems that a lot of our students a lot of other people have especially if you're into the wonderful world of. Vu is like you can't talk to anybody about this stuff without them wanting to burn you at the state right.

Or looking at you like you're weird or some kind of flake here you have a safe space to explore the powers of your mind and body to have experiences to get feedback and most importantly to do the drills and get the skills we've been running this program non-stop since. October of 2010 literally. Next. Next well in two months it'll be 14 years that we've been running this okay.

Namisha says who needs who needs a certificate when you have. David to answer questions and get the skills namisha can tell you because she's been to a bunch of our stuff right. Uh and don't believe me by the way the veterans who are in planet. David if people have questions talk about the master line tell them how it's changed their lives right.

Now here's an even better part we've been running this since 2010 we have videotaped with very few exceptions every single one of those trainings and we've archived them on the. NLP power website on our face our private. Facebook. Group and on our our private members only.

YouTube channel as a member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you're going to get access to the entire 13-year archive binge watch it to your heart's content content that has never been seen on. YouTube content that has never been released in a product all member driven all asking the same kinds of questions you would ask.

So if you don't mind sifting through it because a lot of it's repetitive because people ask the same questions year after year after year you can get everything from manifestation to therapy to accelerated learning to remote viewing to. AA reading to developing psychic skills. Advanced therapeutic applications. NLP conversational hypnosis anything to do with mind body and energy.

Spirit martial arts if it can be asked it's probably been asked and you have access to all that training total value on this is $1,597 value you're going to get a three-month trial for free okay. If after three months you decide that you like the family you're in we'll show you how to how to extend your membership if after three months you got what you need and you're ready to move on no. Fuss no. Mus no.

Harm no. Foul right. So by all means click that link if if you want somebody who actually cares about your success come join me on the other side okay. That being said we have a couple other really cool bonuses for you total value on this by the way is $1,597 if you add that to the other bonuses is $3,828.

Secrets one of the things that. I. I would always get a with people want to know how to attract their. M or how to find their soulmate here was what.

I discovered on the other side of that was a lot of times people want to know how to find their soulmate. But what they often had was a lack of skill set they didn't know how to attract those people. So. I decided to do a class for men and women purely on the skills of.

Attraction purely on understanding the mindset the rationale the strategies and tactics for find once you found out what you're looking for through soulmate secrets you know the kind of qualities in a person how do you go about vetting those people how do you find them where do they hang out and how do you vet them and how do you make them attracted to you because most of you will have all had the experience of being attracted to someone who checked all the boxes for you. But they weren't having it right. I want to teach you how to flip the script on that. I want to teach you how to generate attraction and any man or woman you want with a high probability of success and.

So we'll go step by step by step step through the meeting dating and attraction phase the seven stages of. Attraction body language that let you speed read where they're at in terms of their connection to you we'll talk about the three magic questions protocol that allows you to go from complete stranger to deep intimate level partner in as little as 20 minutes designed for women to use on men. But. I both both genders learn how to use it and how to accelerate and amplify that emotional intimacy and how to have the best sex humanly possible and all points in between how to go from a a short-term relationship to a long-term relationship to a permanent and committed relationship each level of the dating process or the mating process has certain dynamics that shift and change and you need to understand those.

So that you can manage it. So this is the. Yang to the yin of the soulmate. Secrets program this is all about the skills you need to attract the people you figured out you wanted in soulmate.

Secrets it's a we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have both sides we have want you to have the in we want you to have the young $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and we'll cover everything from how to walk up in uh to someone cold as to how to signal approachability how to uh find what people are passionate about and. Link it to yourself how to become more in the most interesting person anyone's ever met right. And how to check the boxes how to figure out if the person in front of you is the in fact the person they're presenting themselves to be. So that you can make a fast decision as to whether they're a hell yes.

Or a hell no. Or somewhere in between okay. A $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free to round out your manifestation. Mastery.

Program total combined value total combined bonuses on this is $1 15,57 and for those of you who are interested in the wonderful world of woo coming up uh in. November 8th through the 10th we have our our. Next vibrational influence live trading this is energy healing remote influence and manifestation boot camp. So if you've got the vibrational influence.

UK videos in your program you'll be primed and ready to come in for this three-day. Extravaganza live. Deep dive into all things vibrational influence. I'll be actually teaching some things here that.

I've never. Ted before in any other classes. So we'll teach you how to accelerate and amplify the energetic aspect of your mind and body in fact there's one exercise that the longer you do it the denser the energy ball you're holding gets and. Then we'll show you how to program those energy balls to go out and do things for you right.

We'll teach you the most powerful manifestation tool on the planet we may even teach you how to how to pull the alcohol. U out of whiskey like we did in. Vegas bunch of cool other things we'll hook. You up to machines and let you practice raising and lowering people's body temperature blood pressure.

So that you have definitive proof that you can actually influence another human being both in the room and remotely it's really cool it's $1,997 value and it's supposed to be 11 people not 1511 people uh. So limited to the. First 11 people to to buy this uh. Pro product or package today we will give you this.

VIP ticket now the nice thing about this. VIP super ticket is once you have it it doesn't expire. So for some reason you can't come to the vibrational influence training live in h. November well just let us know we'll move you to another training if something comes up at the.

Last minute and you can't come no. A no. Foul just let us know we'll put you back in our database if the training fills up and sells out and. Then at the.

Last minute you realize you can come pick up the phone let us know we'll find you a seat if we raise the price of the of the training between now and. Then you don't pay a dime extra if you decide that you don't want to come to vibrational influence. But you your your spouse or your brother or your sister or your friend wants to come you can give this ticket to them or sell it to them at a discount at a at a discount still get a profit right. The ticket is yours to do what you want with it uh it does not expire.

So if it takes you two years to come to a training you can do that okay. Uh the only thing we ask is that if you're going to gift the ticket to somebody that you call ahead of time and let us know that's what you're doing. So we know to expect that okay. It's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free if you want the people to click that link www.lpower.com hloa total combined value is $ 17,576 now you'd say well.

David. I'll be honest with you. I. I really want to come to that live event and that really and that that.

VIP ticket is really good. But you know what my. I don't get a lot of vacation time traveling to uh traveling to. San.

Diego especially with the hotel strike is getting more and more expensive well congratulations because we will actually let you um for a select few we'll actually let you attend this remotely. But even more importantly for those of you who can only do virtual things click that link right. Now and you can have a. VIP super ticket to our.

Next three-day virtual healing intensive this is three days of me and you and a small group of people working through three eight hour days of trans one transformational technique after another removing the blocks to success overcoming your limiting beliefs reprogramming and eliminating self-sabotage um uh removing fears and phobias physical mental and emotional pain dissolving traumatic memories reprogramming your past. So that it only makes your life better three days of me using my considerable tool test to give you one transformation after another it's it's going to be. October 11th through the 13th here in uh. Sun.

Well actually it's live online. I'll be in. Sunny. San.

Diego. But you can be anywhere in the world right. All you got to do is click that link right. Now to reserve your spot and when.

October 11th rolls around you log in and you're my little puppy in a loving way for three whole days and for those of you uh just by a show of people how many of you have been through one of our healing intensives if you've been through one of our healing intensives type me in the chat and what your experience was. So people can see what that's like for the. Next 10 people who click click on the link. I don't know why the little strikethroughs are not showing they're showing on my other my.

PowerPoint. But when. I show it in reading mode it's not showing it's very weird uh total value on this is $2,350 we're going to give this to your fre just because we want you to have everything and this is your chance to work as close to one-on-one with me as it's possibly to get without paying three or four thousand a pop. So if you want my expertise leveled at your issues and you want to work together this is your chance to do it click that link right.

Now for $9.97 you get everything we just talked about total value on this is $1,926. So let's just look. At that okay. Again hiden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation home study course $1,997 value that's the core package right. Then the bonuses vibrational influence. United.

Kingdom. South special edition $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing home study course $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free secrets of. Personality transformation $2,497 value we're going to give it to you free hidden. Laws of.

Attraction soulmate. Secrets. Master. Class $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free fast action bonuses remember.

Guys these fast action bonuses are only good during the live webinar if you're watching this on on a replay unfortunately you do not count you do not qualify you count. But you don't qualify for the fast action bonuses for those of you who want the whole enchilada as. Dan. Kennedy would say click that link right.

Now click it right. Now before it's too late before somebody else gets your spot right. Uh because when. I log off those bonuses go away.

So the traction. Mastery 4-day video intensive $2,497 value the. NLP power. Master my mentoring.

Practice. Group three-month trial membership and the archive $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free and the two. VIP. T tickets you're going to get the.

VIP super ticket to the vibrational influence live 2024 training here in. San. Diego it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free and you get a guest pass to our. Next li online virtual healing intensive $2,350 value absolutely.

Ely free total combined value of today's package today is your lucky day click that link now $1,926 in value you can get it all for one little teeny tiny investment of just 9.97 and if you want even easier you can do it in three installments at just 397. So click that link right. Now uh ask any questions yes. Melissa this is a live webinar right.

I just keep reusing my slides right. So. So go ahead and click that link we're going to take a seven minute break. So.

I can. Wet. My. Whistle maybe uh visit the men's room and uh when we get back we're going to get deep into part three of the webinar we're going to get back into applications we're going to start focusing the prodigious tool set that we have towards clearing blocks to success and manifesting the things that we want we're going to customize tonight's webinar to the exact application or applications that you want to focus on right.

If you want ask me questions for the. Next 40 minutes you can do that if you want to work on specific techniques we'll do that okay. Part three of this webinar is always about you okay. I love you all.

I will see you in seven minutes e e e e e e okay. Folks. I'm back from my break early because. I have a few minutes maybe not not a whole lot not as many as much as.

I thought um. I got a couple minutes. So if you have a question. I'm happy to answer it right.

Go ahead and ask your questions okay. The true gold is in the course he is generous amazing free information thank you. Yoda mine that's really very kind me me that sounds did. I met you m me and other 55 people watching for free yes.

You are watching for the free and it's fine right. Again the best part about these techniques is you can take you can take them out into the world right. Now and start putting them to work. Nolan.

David can you please explain why asking affirmations in the form of questions is more powerful than stating them in the form of a statement because well. I could give you a bunch of different answers. But the truth is is that your brain is a question answering mechanism okay. Okay.

And when you ask the brain a question it will by its very nature it will seek to come up with the best answer it can based on what it believes is possible and plausible and it's and it's a it's a really good question uh when we talk about that u in fact. I'm gonna. I'm gonna stop screen sharing for a moment to talk to talk about this. I have a course called um.

Weapons of. Mass andru stru and it's all about the. Neuroscience of. Storytelling and metaphor and one of the sources that that.

I found for that course. I created was a book. Called resistance and persuasion by. Dr.

Eric nolles and one of the things that. Dr nolles discovered in his research was that the brain doesn't really think about things in terms of true or false it it thinks about things in terms of what's plausible and possible if something is false. But it's plausible the unconscious mind will tend to accept it if something is true. But implausible the unconscious mind will tend to reject it now how does that relate to questions your brain by its very nature must seek to answer any question you put to it if you ask your brain a question your brain will start to generate answers and you may notice a lot of times when you're talking to yourself in your head you're asking yourself a question your brain starts with one explanation and.

Then it gives you another explanation and. Then it starts giving you all the different possibilities you guys ever noticed that right. One of the joke one of the games. I like to play with my students is is again again realizing that.

I'm about to ask a completely nonsensical question your brain's going to do this. Anyway notice your what your brain does. Anyway why in fact is the. Moon made of green cheese now some of you will do a double take and have a moment of cognitive distance and.

Then you'll start your brain will start to say well where's he coming from with that question maybe he means this maybe he means this maybe he means this maybe he means this right. How many of you found yourself doing that go ahead type it in the chat okay. Okay. I see some questions for manifesting things okay.

Okay. So when you ask your brain a question you create a space a void that the unconscious mind needs to fill now how many people here have been on on my seminars where. I talked about what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts you guys how many of you have have heard me say that. So display name says it's.

So ridiculous you don't even reject it that's right. Right. So. Stella has not been on have never heard me say that okay.

So put this in your manifestation manual because these are some things that one of the reasons that our change work is. So fast and effective whatever problems you think you have your nervous system created them right. See you um you'll hear me say from time to time people are not the way they are because of the things that happen to them they're the way they are because of the way they've recorded the things that happened to them and the way they're relating to those recordings. I'll say that two more times for those of you taking notes you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way your nervous system recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings.

So when we were doing that exercise in part one of the webinar and you were running that movie in your head right. And you became aware of those negative feelings each of those negative feelings is connected to a memory or a set of memories that your nervous system is treating as if it was the actual thing that happened. But it's not it's a recording that your nervous system made and because we're running a movie that requires this stuff to go away before this can manifest there's a war going on in the body and that's what brings that those negative feelings into your awareness you're provoking them. But each of those negative feelings is connected to a little movie that your brain and your nervous system created and it's on an endless loop.

But it's not the event that happened to you it's in other words if. I'm driving down the road when. I'm 17 years old. I get.

T-boned by a car going through an intersection that actual physical t-boning at the intersection happened one time. But now 18 19 20 years. Later every time. I go through an intersection that movie plays in my head or in my body.

So the car happened to me once. But. I've been doing it to myself for 20 years because. I keep replaying the movie and until.

I go in and. I clear that movie that movie is going to continue to taint my vibrational field it's going to taint my thought processes relating to cars and intersections and everything else. But it's not. But the event is gone it happened 20 years ago 18 20 years ago.

But the movie that's still there and that's what's doing it. So all the things that you think you're not over you're over you that event is gone it can't come back and hurt you what you're relating to is the movie that you made of it and part of the. Enlightenment process is to get rid of those part of the manifestation process is to dissolve those. So it no.

Longer holds you back or taints your manifestation. But here's the thing you need to understand this is this is a bitter pill for some people to swallow you created that movie. Yes. You created it from an event that happened to you.

But your system created that movie which means you have absolute power jurisdiction and authority over that movie. But the problem you've been having isn't the movie it's the way you've been relating to that movie and once you understand how your system works you can go in and change the movie or dissolve the mve or do whatever you want with the move right. So it kind of got us off on a tangent. But it's really important when we start talking about manifestation and and hidden and laws of attraction and things of that nature many of the things that hold us back are beliefs we've inherited unch we call them unchallenged truths that we've inherited from our parents our primary caregivers our cultures things of that nature.

But a lot of the things that hold us back are trauma induced and they're not the thing that happened to us they're a recording of the thing that happened to us and you you're allowed to go change that. So. Devin saying got to get rid of our hidden trauma stash well yeah the problem that the challenge though is finding them that's the that's why the the little drill. I gave you at the beginning of the webinar is.

So important can we use that whole running that movie in your head to manifest stuff yes. But it's kind of like a manifestation sandwich you run the movie to find the limiting beliefs. So you can dissolve the limiting beliefs and. Then when you run the movie it has more power.

So think of it like a manifestation sandwich right. Manifestation on. Mayo right. Does that make sense okay.

Um all right. So let me go back and look. At some of the things you guys wanted to focus on today. So did.

I answer the question that. I was originally asked hope. I hope. I did.

So uy doofy uy doofy says to dissolve the mental image well it's actually really easy let's play with this really quick okay. I want to give you guys um. I want to reference back to something we did at part one of the webinar when people were asking me what are your thoughts made out of and and most people would say energy right. Some people might go the biochemical route.

But really the functional the functional building blocks of all of your thoughts is visual auditory kinesthetic or factory gustatory right. I'm going to show you guys a a graphic really quick here that. I. I hope will help you this is called a holographic memory unit on a.

Second okay. Can you all see that little egg shaped eye shaped looking thing yes. This is my conception of what in metaphysics and magical practices we call a thought form. But this is also from a clinical neurolinguistic perspective my conception of what we call a thought a memory a dream a fantasy a.

Daydream every single subjective experience that you can become aware of and communicate is built this way when you create a manifestation this is how you're building it in the center of the diagram is the movie you're running right. Remember had you guys imagine what something might be like and run that movie in your head in the center of this egg the. Yoke. So to speak or if you think of it like a rewritable.

DVD is your movie. But that movie has a visual set of attributes it has a soundtrack in a setad of audio attributes it might have kinesthetic or olfactory or gustatory attributes okay. Each of these is a track oops right. And within that track the visual track the autoo track the kinesthetic track are subdivisions.

So in the visual modality for example. So let's do this. I want everybody to again if you're if you're driving don't do this. I want you to close your eyes.

Bring up the movie we made at the beginning of the webinar. I want you to watch the movie and as you watch the movie don't type it just answer out loud the answer. I give you as you look. At that picture is it in color or black and white is it moving or is it still is it fuzzy or is it clear are you seeing yourself in the movie or are you seeing it like a first- person video game like you're seeing it through your own eyes.

Okay. Listen to it is there sound at all are the sounds loud or soft is their rhythm is their tonality is their. Tempo listen to it smell it are there smells in the in the movie are there tastes in the movie what are the attributes of those smells and tastes it's just you don't have to write them or type them just speak them out loud just. So you know right.

And when you've done all that just type done in the chat and. Then we'll go back to okay. Good now here's what. I want you to do just for fun we call this the frame game.

I want you to bring up that movie of the thing you really want right. Want you to not as you run the movie in your head. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that movie or story where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling and the movie it's connected to a place outside of your body that you could. Reach.

Out. And. Touch. First impression would you reach out to touch it now take both of your hands trace the outline of that movie with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is and. Then just for fun grab it with both of your hands and make it bigger expand it to fill the entire room and as you do notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you make that picture as big as the room when it's as big is the room and you're feeling those feelings leave the picture there in that size and type in the chat what just happened what just changed. I'm not going to judge how what kind of change you had. I just want to know what changed more clarity excellent did the feelings get stronger or weaker less personal okay.

Weaker good all right. So population falls into one of several categories we have expanders and concentrators you have a picture that's such. So big if you're an expander. I make that picture bigger the intensity and the volume of the picture the vol volume of it gets stronger if you're a concentrator and.

I make that picture bigger it diffuses it and makes it less powerful. But if. I take that picture. So for.

Stella who's a concentrator take that picture now and shrink it concentrate it down and notice what happens to the feeling in your body as you do that okay. Now bring it back to its original size grab the edges of it slowly pull it closer to your body. But keep the size of the picture the same just pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feelings stronger or weaker when you're done put it back. So.

Lamar says stronger. So uh davit is asking an indelicate qu. I love indelicate questions. But if if.

High good feelings make change does that mean that orgasmic states are the best uh clearing yes. To answer your indelicate question de yes. This is why in every major religion in every major spiritual practice the use and application of sexual energy is either condemned or kept secret okay. So yeah.

Sexual. Energy is like the equivalent of nuclear power um in a less uh in a more eco-friendly way. But yeah. I have seen.

I have seen personally. I've watch. I. Didn't.

Do. It. I was witnessing it. I have watched a woman cured of spyer phobias through 20 minutes of continuous hypnotically induced orgasm completely cured yeah orgasmic energy.

Sexual. Energy specifically is one of the most potent forces in the human being. But most people don't know how to tap into it access it or uh or anything there's training that goes with that and that's why it's kept very very i'. I've.

I've been very fortunate. I've been given access to those teachings. But um by and large most people shouldn't be messing with it uh and they're getting into it for the wrong reasons. But again it was an indelicate question.

So it deserved an indelicate response all right. So. Devin saying we need some. Temple priest says well they might say we need some.

Temple priests. So um. Anyway. So sex sexual energetics is actually something that.

I will teach people about just not in a public forum like this um there's there's too many there's too many things that can go sideways. So why shouldn't people have access to it it's not that people shouldn't have access to it is people need to have proper access to it and that means having the training and the understanding and the the development of what goes along with that most people look. At sexual this this went in a very different direction very very quickly most people look. At sexual energetics um and the spiritual practices and the alchemical practices that go with it as an excuse to get laid they're hiding behind tantric this and and um uh us that um and they're just trying to get laid right.

Or or vampire as much energy off of. Partners as possible and that's not that's not what the practice is for if that makes any kind of sense right. Um if people want to know more about those things um email me privately and. I'll.

I'll point you in some directions. But uh. But again. But to to manifest using.

Sexual. Energy extraordinarily powerful. But if you can't manifest using the other energies of the body when you tap into. Sexual.

Energy everything's gonna go crazy because it's the most it's it's one of the most as the way. I was taught it was building energy is easy building energy is easy controlling it is the problem right. You can email. Moss at.

NLP power he'll forward it to me. But uh. I reserve the right. To hold back until.

I get to know you better why is sex taboo even in your teaching like the church not sure. I understand. I have to be careful um because. I'm on a public.

Channel and anybody can get their hackles in a in a their skirt note in a in a bunch by by talking about this stuff um if people want to learn more about people want to learn more about the sexual energetics of things. I will teach those. I will teach aspects of that in the in the upcoming energetic live events that we're doing. But if you can't do identity by.

Design the identity by. Design styo you've got no. Business doing sexual energetics okay. Because.

Sexual. Energy will amplify whatever crap you've got in your system okay. It's the most powerful energy in the system which is why it's not taught or discouraged okay. You're saying the same as.

Church it cannot be talked about that is what. I mean no. We can talk about it the is if. I talk about it you're going to go try and play with it and if you play with it all right.

I'll give you you guys want something. I'll tell you something here's the thing you need to understand if you want to work with sexual energy right. Then you need to purify yourself you need to clean your like it's nobody's business okay. You need to be able to withhold ejaculation and you need to be able to create a coherent thought and program that energy while you're having an orgasm and.

Then releasing it properly okay. That's one way to do it there's other ways to do it right. If you can't walk and. CH gum at the same time you're not going to do this okay.

There's a lot there's training involved guys and even in the. Catholic churches again. I shouldn't even say this in the in the closed door. Christian mystical.

Traditions. I was given access to sexual energetics sexual magic was practiced that's all. I'm going to say it was practiced in the in the in the monasteries okay. It was designed.

I don't care how old you are guys. I don't care okay. Again thank you for that indelicate question to now everybody's got sex on the brain right. All right.

Oh women same thing the difference okay. So the difference for men and women when it comes to sexual energetics is that men lose tremendous amounts of energy through ejaculation it. LO in in. Chinese medicine old.

Chinese medicine they'll tell you that one drop of semen equals 10 drops of blood okay. So if if men want to do the sexual energetics they have to practice seman retention right. Women don't usually have that big of an issue during orgasm is meant they have they lose a lot of their energy during menstration. So during times when you're on your cycle or whatever you take the energy from your lower down.

T you move it up to your heart while you're on your period and. Then when you're done you bring it back down and store it in a lower down t. Okay. Women actually are sexually are much stronger than men uh and they have a they have a much bigger charge of.

Yin. So they can hold a lot more energy. So women actually have a tremendous. Advantage uh when it comes to that.

I won't be 81 to. January well it doesn't matter. I don't care what age you are you can all practice sexual magic or sexual uh energetics. But one of the things you want to do is you want to breathe into the genitals and build up a charge in the lower.

Donan okay. Once you build up the energy in the lower donen you imagine an energy ball coming out you imagine very vividly what you want to manifest and you imprint the energy ball and. Then you give it to. God and say this or something better okay.

So notice what. I said you bring the energy ball out you imprint it with what you want you sell it this or something better and you give it to the. Divine and you say to you say to the. Divine this or something better you can't leave that part out you understand me you can't leave that part out because if you do.

Then that energy ball can do all kinds of crazy stuff you didn't want it to do and it can take on a life of its own and whatever it does you're karmically responsible for okay. There's whole there's whole trainings on this guys. I mean. I'm like.

I'm giving you a very quick relatively safe way to do this you use this at your own risk right. But. I told you. I'm gonna there are certain things.

Stella this is moving in a very different direction right. Energy that is not well programmed energy that is not. Guided by. Divine forces can evolve it can take on a life of its own and as it evolves or takes on a life of its own other energies can interact with it and cause it to mutate what you need to understand and this is again why.

I'm not willing to talk about a lot of this to the general public unless. I know you if you create an energy. B right. And it's very easy to do and we do it all the time in fact most of the things that are making our lives miserable our energy balls we created and are living inside of us in this context we're charging our low down to him we're bringing that energy ball out we're programming it with exactly what we want and.

Then we're sending it off into the world. I'm telling you give it to. God with the the express um word declaration this or something better and trusting. God will bring you that or something better list say can you explain it with a paid program.

I don't have a paid program that explains this not yet. Anyway that's why. I'm giving you some some guidelines because. I know just the fact that we mentioned it that we brought it up you guys are going to be.

Googling you're going to be youtubing you're going to be running to. Amazon and buying every book. You can on. Sex.

Magic and manifestation and all these other things it's human nature. So let me explain to you what's not in the books when you create a thought form that's what that's called that energy ball that you created and you program it with something is called a thought form okay. And when you program it there are eight rules that. I don't have time to do in this training for working with thought forms.

But the moment you release relas that thought form and it's not. Guided by. Divine. Providence chaos takes over and if it encounters any other energetic parasite entity uh nature.

Spirit other thought forms departed ghosts they can combine and now you've got a chimera you've got something that is not what you intended. But it's energetically and karmically connected to you. So everything that energy ball does once it leaves your grasp you're responsible for and that thing can out live you. So when you come back you're responsible for all the.

Karma it was wreaking in your previous life and now you got to clean up that karma too do you see why maybe. I didn't want to talk about this um great question do you create that unwillingly every time you orgasm yes. The difference is more often than not those thought forms are very shortlived they don't have a lot of cohesion to them um. But uh.

But yes. You have you you create an energetic discharge that is basically free food. So many times how many of you have ever had since we're on the topic we might as well talk about it right. But before.

I do let me remind you uh and got if you guys come to vibrational influence or the healing intensive well we can talk about more of this stuff right. Um. I'm not holding it back. But we have to stay focused.

So let's just re review what we've got for the training and. Then you guys can decide where you want to go okay. So once again you're gonna get the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course $1,997 value you're. G to vibrational influence. United uh. Kingdom special edition $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to the vibrational healing home study course $2,497 value we're going to get that to you free secrets of personality transformation $2,497 value free hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets $1,997 value absolutely free uh you get the fast action bonuses attraction. Mastery 4-day intensive $2,497 value free uh nalp.

Power. Mastermind mentoring program. Practice. Group and trial $1,597 value free by the way the.

Mastermind is actually a great place to ask these questions because. I know you and. I have time to spend with you um the fast uh uh guest pass to the virtual healing intensive $2,350 value we're going to give that to you free the total value on this combined value is 19,95 bucks you're can get it all for just one installment of 997 or three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to uh. NLP power.com hloa that's.

NLP power forh a and again. I. I'm. I don't want to hold things back.

But. I. I want you to be safe and. I can't teach you this stuff on that level and guarantee your safety on a webinar.

I just can't do it. But. I still want to give you guys um stuff. But the more sexual energetics you play with uh the more the more sexual energetics you play with the more enhanced everything in your system is going to get.

So if you've got a lot of eccentricities character flaws you start act you started bringing sexual energetics into it everything is going to be. Amplified that's why sexual energetics and and sexual manifestation techniques were only taught after years and years and years of intense spiritual and physiological purification and trainings in other things because now you have a vessel that can process and direct that energy okay. It's on the to-do list in my systems it's just you have to be ready for it right. Because if you start playing with it before you're ready for it and a lot of you will because.

I know you. I know you nature. So. Lenard's asking why.

But why negative all the time because if it's not connected to the. Divine entropy chaos and darkness sets in okay. That energy any energy that you give off is a food source the things how many people here believe in how many you here believe in entities cutting cords or spiritual parasites and things of that nature how many of you believe in that stuff because if you don't believe in it why are you on a class that teaches the. Law of.

Attraction. Okay. So the thing you need to understand is that the higher up the vibrational. Spectrum you go the less you need thought forms the less you need any kind of technique to.

Manifest this is this is why um if you how many people have killer influence or have seen the killer influence you've seen the manual and killer influence in the beginning of uh the manual is a little saying to no. To dare to keep silent and that was taken from the old mystery schools and in the old mystery schools to know means to have access to the knowledge to understand means to have access to the knowledge to. DARE means to have the the will to influence the will to manifest to keep silent means to not tell the secrets behind what you're doing. But even more importantly to be very very careful what you say as you move up these planes of spiritual and vibrational.

Evolution because as you move up these levels of evolution what you say manifests the words that come out of your mouth will create change as you as you level up your spiritual system right. So again you have to become more and more aware of the power that expressing um in these practices and we teach them don't get me wrong we teach them. But you got to work through them um me see here is there a trauma healing product in the offer today um great question the best the best one would for you would be vibrational healing and uh secrets of. Personality transformation if you use those two it's going to give you the the fundamental tools to deal with most traumas um we've got a course coming up uh called real world regression uh we have a package on the website called real world trauma resolution which is actually an even deeper level treatment.

But most of what you need for the for the average human being to deal with most traumas is in secrets of. Personality transformation we call it the transformational. Triad. But there really isn't much you can't deal with uh with those techniques um.

Anthony's talking about he married something. I don't know what he married. But um. Cassandra saying it seems like people doing their own research already getting half a story and aren't doing the things properly to begin with that might be why the guidance is being sought plus it's a it is a sexy topic and i'.

I've actually had some major discoveries about my own life and my own. Evolution with regard to sexual energetics within the past week really um. I thought my life took. The path it did because of certain things that in retrospect as.

I look. Back now. I realized why um why. I took.

The paths that. I did uh. But um yeah when we're dealing with energy remember you're dealing with a you guys know from science class especially the. Last pandemic how many germs and bacteria and parasites are floating around in the environment yes.

Okay. Well take that and. Then multiply it and that's how much energetic stuff is floating stuff you don't want to see right. And.

So when you you when you emit energy and that's usually through emotion that becomes a food source for those energies and the more they consume the stronger they get since. Sexual. Energy is the most. Yin and.

But it's also the most one of the most powerful forms of energy that you have you're taking flame and. Yan and throwing it out there uh to anyone who wants to consume it now does it always skew negative not always if you follow certain guidelines. But once you give it's like a child once you give birth to it the further along it gets in its development the harder they are to control uh let me see here. Kathy says.

I. Married an evil entity o all right. Well. I have some prayers you might want to say.

So. U duy is saying if we orgasm by ourselves entities are waiting to yes. In fact this is the question. I was going to ask how many of you have ever had an erotic dream it's okay.

We're adults here we can talk about it okay. Most of the time when something induces an erotic dream is to harvest your. Sexual. Energy okay.

U again there's there's a whole culture that deals with this stuff. But that's let me see here uh ba says. I don't think some are asking these questions are aware of how many entities we may have around us and attached to us feeding off us off that's true right. And again.

I try to minimize by the way for the record you guys asked for this well some of you did right. Um. I try not to talk about this stuff because a it's really off on a tangent. But.

I also don't like the idea of just not giving you something right. So let's just say and. Then move on let's just say that most powerful energy in your body is. Sexual.

Energy it takes training and purification and understanding of the. Dynamics of those energies to use them effectively for manifestation and when you can get to that level you're. I've seen some pretty miraculous things from the use of the the the structured trained use of. Sexual.

Energy it's really it's really impressive. But you don't need that to manifest if you understand how the mind works how to pull in energies and combine things in a certain way you already have more energy than you need right. And we're not really talking about the energy. So much as the vibration of that energy and how do we program that vibrational message into what we want and.

I just showed you how to do that point to where you feel it reach out and touch it make the picture bigger make the picture smaller move it closer to you move it away going back to that idea of the holographic memory unit that's how all of your subjective experiences are created the thought form that we talked about bringing out it's made of that that's how you program it right. But all the all the memories that activate when you try to manifest that that hold you back all your limiting beliefs are are made from this same structure and you can reprogram you can reprogram all of these limiting beliefs by understanding how to change this structure okay. So if we look. At this from a um and again.

I'm. I'm running way over than. I uh time today. But hopefully let me erase this no.

You're not going to erase oh there we go okay. So if we look. At this there's three levels of intervention here we can change the story we can change the structure or we can change the substance and that's what this red line represents if you think of the energy ball we talked about the outside of that energy ball the substance that it's made out of is vibrating at a very specific frequency that's being held together by these this is the scaffolding that holds that energy in place and the movie at the center is what it's programmed to do think of it like the nucleus of a cell right. We can change the nucleus we can change the structure or we can change the substance.

So for example hold on a. Second. I'm trying to look. At the questions there's.

So many questions all right. So can you guys all see the the oops the little picture here or did. I jump out of that all right. So there's there's a couple things we can do with this okay.

If we can point to where we feel it we can change it. So. First thing we want to do when we want to change a limiting belief we want to know we want to notice where in our body that feeling lives once we find the feeling we want to ask our body a very simple question is it okay. To change this is there any reason why we might want to keep it if we ask ourselves this question and the.

First thing that pops into our head is either hesitation or no. It's not okay. It's not okay. To get rid of it or it's not okay.

To change it. Then we need to point to where we feel it find the picture out here put a big thick black frame around it white out or blacken out the image write the lessons on that screen shrink it down move it behind us and nail it back there that technique is called. The. Magic.

Frame okay. And. I've. I've taught it many many times in many many webinars to deal with the reasons why we keep.

REM manifesting things or stop manifesting things. So. I'm. I'm running out of time.

So um. I just want to make sure that um you have that technique. I've talked about that technique enough. But let's assume for a moment that it's okay.

To change it let's assume that we've pointed to where we felt it we found the color we've asked our system is it okay. To change this is there any reason why we might want to keep it the answer is there's no. Reason to keep it and it's okay. To change it now what we're going to do is something very very specific we're going to close our eyes.

We're going to look. At it with our inner eyes. We're going to notice the color connected to the feeling we're going to reach in we're going to grab all that colored energy and we're going to take it out out and hold it in their hands in front of us. So we're going to make sure we get it all because sometimes it hides as we look.

At it we're going to notice we're going to look. At it with our inner eyes. And notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression.

Then we're going to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction it's spinning grab a hold of it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was if that doesn't work play with the direction it's moving until you find the direction that gives you the feeling you want instead and. Then spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling that energy over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot hold that space and let the program install. Okay. So.

So what. I did there was. I walked through the steps of it. So if there's a transcript for this recording it will be there in very clean steps now we're going to do it.

So. I want you to close your eyes. And we're going to do this in a very interesting way we're gonna actually um well all right. I want you to close your eyes.

I want you to think about something on a scale of 1 to three that you'd like to get rid of. So on a scale of 0 to 10 10 being the worst thing you can think of one two or three being everything from a minor annoyance to the proverbial fart in the breeze right. We want to pick something that has a level three. I want you to close your eyes.

Actually do this think of something on a that that you want to change and when you've got the thing you want to change that's a level one two or three type done in the chat. So. I know you're all with me okay. Good now.

I want you to close your eyes. I want you to point to where in your body the feeling connected to that thing you want to change is located and as you go with your. First impression and notice look. At it now with your inner eyes.

As you look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling what color colors would that be for you. First impression now you don't need to type it in the chat.

I just want you to know what it is reach into that space and pull out all of that color that you can make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides once you've got it all hold it in your hands in front of you and notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction take your hand trace the direction it's moving once you have that grab it with both of your hands and make it the opposite of what it was make it flow the opposite direction now spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnet keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it into the spot you took. It out of notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with your new set of instructions your neurology is going to be to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our system our body goes through all kinds of interesting changes and.

Transformations some people break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied scan your body and notice how different you feel when you done you know you're done type what you experienced in the chat not mind says. I feel lighter and cleaner calm relaxation color changed feeling happier all you did by the way was rri and grabb one of those thought forms we just talked about found the direction that your neurology encoded for the problem changed the setting.

Amplified it put it back in the system ran the software like it was nobody's business vus is saying more peaceful. Jack is saying feeling more peace clearing color change feeling happier. Bravo my friends all right. So your assignment until we meet again is to take the technique we taught at the beginning of the training where you make the movie of what you want you find the the dominant thoughts below the threshold you point to where you feel them you write them down you zap them with the spinning technique and.

Then you run the movie again point to where the good feelings are take them out find the direction they're spinning find the direction that makes it even stronger makes it feel even better and amplify the spin okay. So. I'll tell you what. I'm going to do um.

I'm actually going to run you through that process. But before. I do uh. Last call for uh hidden laws okay.

So once again this is what we got for you hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course and these program these these trainings are or these pieces are actually in the course it's a hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course is $1,997 value you get the vibrational influence. UK special edition that a $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing home study course $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free secrets of personality transformation $2,497 value free uh soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class $1,997 value free traction. Mastery 4day intensive $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial $1,597 we're going to give that to you free and.

Then. Finally uh vibrational influence live 1,997 and of course virtual healing intens of $2,350 great total combined value is 19,000 this is one of the most value pack packages we've ever offered you can get it all for just 9.97 or three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click that link right. Now hidden. Laws of.

Attraction forward. NLP power.com hiid. Laws of. Attraction hloa.

NLP power.com hloa um click those links right. Now and. Then. I'm happy to teach you when you come to the lives everything that you guys have asked about and a whole lot more all right.

Um. So if you're driving don't do this. But let's close our eyes. I want you to think about that run that movie again in your head of the thing you want to manifest right.

I want you to close your eyes. You close your eyes. Notice there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that movie that you're running or story where they grow where they spread from take a moment point where you feel it. First impression look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color or colors might that be for you. First impression reach in grab that energy take it out make sure you get it all because we don't want to miss a single drop of this make sure you get it all as you look. At it did the color change or stay the same.

First impression notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning for you now regard whatever regardless of what direction it's spinning. I want you to grab it with both of your hands and. I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find not only the direction that makes it stronger. But makes it inevitable for you.

So play with the 360 by the 3 60 till you find the one that brings it permanently into your life when you find that angle and. Direction spin it like a wheel and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's strong notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your system your body is going to go through all kinds of interesting changes and manifestations some people break out in the sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology and your vibration changing and resetting itself it's just the emotional detox that has to happen for these new programs to engage.

However your body does it just let that process happen let it install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel and type in the chat what you experienced. Jack says more relief where' yall go yall still spinning by the way take as much time as you need to uh to let this process set in. Jim says speechless spinning turbo mode. Erin says red green ball spinning in my heart.

Leonard says confirmation very good solidity excellent all right. So once again to review you run the movie notice where the good feelings are notice where the not. So good feelings are you point to where you feel the not. So good feelings you take them out you spin them put them back in run the movie again point to where the good feelings are grab the color take it out find the amplification and permanency.

Direction amplify the spin slam it back in let the system engage and go out into the world and take the actions necessary to move that agenda forward. Let. It. Go trust that the system is now transforming now go out and take the physical steps necessary okay.

And you be is. I think what will start to happen right. Hopefully. I will see you guys in vibrational influence uh in.

November um. I hope you had a good time we went in some interesting directions today obviously. I've at least dropped the hint that there's a much deeper well of information accessible to you if you decide you want to walk that path um and again it's it's not being held back. But you have to qualify for the trainings right.

So just show up if you want if you want the information you can spend 30 years fumbling around in the dark or you can find a good teacher. I'm not the only good teacher out there. But. I am the one you know.

So um you do what's right. For you click those links get to the trainings go through the course materials everything you need to transform everything about your life is in those courses okay. And you have me and you have the. Mastermind and you have the.

Live. Events it's all there until. Next time. I love you.

I will. I'm going to be at my. Christian mysticism seminar this weekend and uh we'll see you. Next month or.

Later in the month love you good all good night. God bless take care ad do. L. Aid.

Zay. However that song goes take care byebye love you e e.
