Title: Dr. David&#39;s Screaming Supreme Saturday Surprise LiveStream!
File Name: bA412GF0dVw.txt
Video Id: bA412GF0dVw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bA412GF0dVw

Foreign foreign foreign foreign this is. Dr. David checking in with you hey there's. Mr.

Chris. Stamo. I see uh lots of uh familiar faces in our live stream. I'm.

I'm coming to you through our. Zoom. Channel it looks like there's a lot of lag uh. I'm not sure if that's because of uh.

I'm not sure if that's on my end or if that's just because there's. So many people doing crazy of course my computer's still doing some maintenance and stuff. So listen. I'm coming to you through.

Zoom. But um you're getting me on. YouTube because this is to me this has been the simplest way uh to be able to get the best of both worlds in terms of doing whatever. I got to do.

So yes. The vest is back yeah. I couldn't uh. I couldn't leave them behind they did too much part of my uh.

I don't know like my character my identity my brand. I don't know what you call it. But um. Anyway how's everybody doing and uh.

I. I just got back from an absolute. Kick-Ass training in uh in. Las.

Vegas we were doing our face reading for. Fun and. Profit series and we had. So many new people it was exciting uh we got to talk about things we've got planned for 2023 2024 including the launch of our brand new uh classical.

Chinese face reading curriculum um my teacher. Lillian. Bridges was the world's leading. Authority on face reading and um she absolutely the more.

I study other people's face reading systems and things like that the more. I truly appreciate what the universe gave me in in a teacher with of. Lillian's caliber and. So what.

I've done is. I've taken her material and. I've reorganized it and and repurposed it a little bit for the applications that we find most useful here in. Planet.

David. But the truth is is that you know. I'm part of her lineage and. So one of the things that.

I felt was also just as important uh was to treat or to create a training system for face reading that was exactly uh as. Lillian taught it. So. I'm excited to announce that in uh.

I think it's. April of 2023 in. Dallas. Texas we'll be doing our.

First classical. Chinese face reading uh system and uh and. So. I just want to get that off my check that.

I was talking about this uh. Alex. P is saying. I went from homeless and addicted to drugs to getting sober and earning six figures in less than three years after watching your videos you changed my life that's everybody give a huge huge well done.

Bravo kudos to. Alex because while yes. He did watch my videos he actually put the information into into operation in his world. So he is a shining example of what is possible when you adopt and you apply the actual methodologies that we we really believe are are the key survival and.

Thrive thriving skills in. Planet. David. So well done.

Alex thank you. So much for uh for your feedback. I look. Forward to hearing more about how you did that.

Anyway while. I've got you guys here uh there's a couple things. I do want to go through with you. But um before we get deeper into what.

I want for you let's talk about what you want for you it's we're coming into the 12th month of one of the most challenging years uh in. America in recent history right. You know maybe 911 was uh was more challenging than the. Last three years that we've gone through.

But certainly nothing has been as. World altering uh as the. Last three years. So my question for you guys is moving forward what do you want to know about what do you guys want to see in the.

Next 2023 2024 2025 in. Planet. David what do you want to learn about what do you want to know about what problems do you want to be able to solve right. Because the more.

I know about what you want the more. I can if it's relevant by the way uh you know create the content that answers those questions. I've been very candidate over the years uh in that most of the content that. I've created.

I didn't create for my. YouTube audience. I know that sounds weird considering how big a file we are and how much how many of the problems um that our our technology solve for you. But the truth is is that.

I am very selfish in my. Pursuits in other words if. I have a problem if. I have a challenge.

I need to overcome. I become absolutely obsessed and driven to find the very best most powerful fastest most effective way to get my problem solved turns out many other people you guys included um shares have similar issues have similar desires and things like that and. So. I passed down what.

I learned uh to my students and at a way they can hopefully understand it. But every now and. Then it's good to know you know what else do you want to do you want to help with what else do you guys want to know about and if it's something that. I think is is really important for us.

Then. I'm happy to you know embark on a quest to answer those questions if. I have them or look. For possible solutions if.

I don't. So you know that being said um let's see here what uh just type in the chat where you're checking in from if you're a. First time. Dave uh.

Planet. Davidian or if you've been bebopping if you're a veteran you can type how long you've been been using damage. Technologies and stuff like that um. So now.

Wallace is asking what are the differences between your classical face feeding versus your previous face feeding classes great question the original face reading classes. I was taught it was was basically uh um a niche within. Chinese medicine and. So everything that.

I learned was based on the concept or or presupposed a familiarity with. Chinese five element. Theory energetics uh understanding of classical. Chinese terminology taoism.

Buddhism. Confucianism uh as well as things like. Jing. Chi.

Chen. Ling. Ming. Yin versus.

Yang things of that nature when. I started looking and going through. Lillian's programs there were certain aspects of her classical face reading program that. I felt were like absolutely radioactive and nuclear for the specific applications that my people wanted to know about and a lot of that was personality and behavioral profiling body language persuasion and influence training and.

So as. I was going through. Lillian's materials. I pulled that information out of the classical system and.

I organized it in such a way that you don't need to know a single thing about. Chinese medicine uh esoteric terminology energetics any of those things you could just literally get the manual go through the training and in after you had the training in 90 seconds literally profile a person's face from their the shape of their head to their hairline to their forehead to the eyebrow bone to their. Bridge their eyebrows all the way down to the chin and come out with a very highly accurate uh personality template that would give you very powerful information as to how to talk to this person communicate with this person predict what they're likely to do in certain types of situations things of that nature all without knowing a single thing about. Chinese medicine.

So um that's kind of the difference between classical. Chinese face fitting which is the full spectrum five elements. Health. Constitution spirituality sexuality uh there's.

So many more different um things that face reading branches into that were not directly relevant to the core trainings that we do. But as you get deeper into the plan of day until the. Mysteries go aspect of what we do. Then all those other things start to become more relevant and.

So we're actually using that as another way for people to get into our energy trainings and things of that nature. So. I hope that answers your question um. I find them both absolutely fascinating um.

But the longer. I do the the face reading for. Fun and. Profit series.

The. More. I realize. I really want to teach other.

I want to teach all of the gold that. Lillian had to share with us and. I want to move that forward um and as close to uh not not necessarily literal. But as close to as.

I learned it as possible and. Then continue to build on that. Foundation that she gave us and move this particular discipline into the future because. I really believe of all the face reading systems.

I've encountered this is absolutely the one that has the highest degree of accuracy in my world view. So um let's see here let's see here um sleepyhead. A4 this is. Fatima.

I was around a year ago. So it took. Some time away now. I'm back.

I want to learn more about the echo technique okay. What specifically about the echo technique would you like to learn. Fatima great question by the way by the way if there's if there's one technique everybody should who who spends any time in. Planet.

David should know understand and over learn it's the echo technique. So by all means ask away oh see here there's lioness. I haven't seen. Linus in a while okay.

Let's see here you guys just hanging out you're not asking me anything. I'm getting a little am. I gonna have to start uh just riffing here just randomly talking about things to get people going or what that's all right. Hmm there's.

Carrie by the way well how carry it is. Sherry. Conklin. Orange.

River. La hey hello hello modern day. Sparta good good good see. Aaron.

Carter of course we said hi to. Chris he said hi to. Seth. John.

O'Brien from. Scotland checking in. Patrick at. Hollywood let's see here what's the theme the theme is asked me anything uh we got we're gonna do some.

AMA for a while and. Then with your permission. I'd like to take you guys on a little tour uh we spent the. Last you may you may have noticed if you tried to log into.

David. Snyder. NLP or. NLP power that's you may have had some uh some challenges getting into the site that's because we've spent the.

Last three months or. So retooling and creating a brand new super duper. Mega site um and uh we just got most it's about 98 for 99 done there's a few bugs and typos here and there that they're working out on the back end. But what.

I'd like to do um for those of you who are uh interested uh. I'll go ahead and pull that up on my screen and we'll do a little walkthrough of a new website you guys can give me feedback on it um. Alex. P says working on losing weight going to the gym feels like a chore same thing with eating clean want to drop 30 pounds how do.

I create a fitness identity. First and foremost it's not that you have to create a fitness identity you have to think about what is. Being. Fit going to do with you in terms of quantifiable tangible rewards in other words you need to really you need to go back to your emotional bonding checklist your emotional motivation checklist and ask yourself what is important to you about being fit is it looking sexy naked is it being healthy and being able to to move better what is it specifically about being fit that is important to you and how will you know when you've got that because one of the problems that we have when it comes to motivation especially um is that we at some point we start by fantasizing what it would be like to have something which is cool linguist neuro-linguistically we call that that part of the process a modal operator of possibility process we start thinking about and fantasizing about what's possible for us and why it would be.

So cool to have it and that's what fires us up and gets us motivated the problem is at some point we we flip from a mindset or a modal operator of possibility to a mindset of necessity it's something. I have to do something that's being imposed on you and the moment that happens you start you stop focusing on the great things you're going to get from doing it and you start focusing on the tasks you have to do to get there which inevitably creates a um an external locus of attention which tends to derail your motivation the fastest way to get back to a place of internal motivation in other words making it fun for you is focusing on what it's what you're going to have as a byproduct of doing those things don't even worry about the tasks you have to do just think about what you're going to look. Like what you're going to feel like what other people are going to say about you and how you know you've achieved that goal and you're going to find your motivation amping back up and if that's still if you need a little extra help with that. Then by all means um use the resistance removal protocol let's see here uh sleepyhead.

I can paraphrase work in the. Echo technique for example when someone says. I'm feeling sick today and. I just want to sleep with saying back you're feeling ill and one trip no.

No. That is absolutely not the way to do it that a month if someone says to you. I'm feeling sick today and. I just want to sleep.

Then you say oh. So you're feeling sick today and you just want to sleep right. That's. Echo technique paraphrasing is actually going to move you away from the magic that the uh the the neuro-linguistic or the neurological not even neuro-linguistic neurological magic that the echo technique has to give you okay.

So again you're not especially when you're just beginning to train being as literal as possible is the fastest way to get good at it it's never going to feel comfortable because it's a. DV until it becomes something you've over learned and become unconsciously competent and even. Then you're going to know you're doing it. But it'll be such a natural part of how you react to people that it becomes more organic for you um.

But everybody who learns the echo technique goes through this phase where they think it's very obvious it's very unnatural um it's very weird it's called the spotlight effect it's because you're you're intentionally deviating from the way you normally communicate okay. That's normal everybody feels that it's supposed to be that way until it's no. Longer that way okay. Uh.

Benjamin grateful says can you do a simple exercise of how to use. Echo technique. I just did. Benjamin go back and watch the video when the replay goes available um sleepyhead are there any books or reading video material that simply focuses on the echo technique alone no.

Actually the only materials out there that. Focus almost exclusively on the echo technique as we teach it is my material. CPI killer influence. However there are other people who have variations or versions of the echo technique they call it something different that you might look.

At uh. David. Groves clean language for one uh. Chris boss has never split the difference is another one and you'll see uh two people who are very skilled practitioners in two different contexts utilizing their version of the echo technique.

But nobody really is teaching it the way we're teaching it to the degree that we're teaching it uh let's see here. Neil calmet. Ohio and a guy again. David good to see you doing your match again.

I'm doing my best uh. World words create. Worlds the archives are not accessible on. David.

Schneider. NLP thank you for is that um is that the one that's currently up or the old one um which which archives are we talking about specifically healing sounds vibrations and frequencies. David. I uh great work hold on a.

Second every now and. Then this thing just great work on the new look. Oh thank you. I wish.

I could say. I did it. I just hired. I hired.

I just spent a lot of money and hired a really good guy to do it we're working now and optimizing the speed at which the site loads. But. So far. So everything seems to be pretty solid oh hello what happened here okay.

Um okay. That was hold on we just had a crash here. I got to figure out what's going on all right. Hey.

I. I don't my uh my. Microsoft. Edge just rebooted and that was what.

I was using to live stream on. So let me see what's going on here okay. Looks like. I'm back it looks like everybody got booted oh there they are you guys can you folks hear me yeah my.

Microsoft hold on a. Second. Microsoft spontaneously uh. Rebooted all right.

I apologize for that folks let's see if we can get back to our regularly scheduled program um. I'm gonna put my glasses back on because the glare from this freaking monitor is burning out my retinas all right. Um let's see uh okay. So lioness of guys.

I would love to go full woo into. Chinese space reading one bulging eye more than one entity in the body how does he influence possession that would be we would be lioness we would be teaching that in our. Shen module the module coming up is uh in. April is going to be.

Jing which focuses on health lifestyle. Constitution traumatology um things of that and and healing applications. So uh. Shannon is probably going to come up.

General probably the. Next one that we do simply because. So much of what we do in face reading for. Fun and.

Profit is based on the. G module. So. I hope that helps you uh.

Ivy red bean bunnies. ASMR the checking people's ears for audio intuition lines easy to spot yes. Very much. So right.

And when you see those lines don't try to them just tell them what you want to tell them and and as close to truth as possible uh let's see here. Alaska says hi y'all hey. Lawson n-a-i-b-o neighbor hello. David.

I missed the face reading home study. Last. September can we have a repeat as a. Christmas gift please what exactly do you mean lost and.

I'm not sure what you mean by a face reading home study. Last. Christmas uh sleepyhead84 thank you. I'm.

So glad. I asked this that's what. I'm afraid yeah okay. Yeah.

Chris how does kenrick's dark side use different operators and mechanisms from killer influence and vibrational influence. Chemex stuff is largely neuro-linguistic based and it's largely imagery based okay. Um. So in terms of the actual vibrational aspects of what we're doing we go a lot more into the energetics of things in other words we're going to focus in on on calibration.

State control all the fundamentals that make what. Kenrick is doing uh much more powerful and when. I say that. I don't.

I don't. I don't mean that to be disrespectful it's that when we start looking at let me hold on a. Second. I got to fix my my autofocus is screwed up now.

I may have to. I have to get a different computer if. I'm going to continue to live stream because lately it's been kind of getting ever since we did that live stream on jet webinar it's been kind of wonky. So let me explain what.

I mean by that a lot of the dark side techniques are exactly that they're techniques for influence. But what they are not are techniques and training processes designed to amplify your abilities to to to perform those. So things like. State control things like enhancing your ability to visualize things like creating uh more powerful thought forms um accumulating more energy these are not things that are are you will find.

In classical. NLP training um. I have most of kenrick's dark side stuff and the best of my knowledge um those types of trainings and those kinds of hermetic practices are not in there now. I know he knows some of them.

I know some of his backgrounds. So. I know he has those. But.

I don't think that he actually uh teaches those in his uh in his. Dark. Side stuff. So the idea behind vibrational influence is to give you the training program to make any form of vibrational methodologies.

Law of. Attraction magic spirituality exorcisms um house clearings the idea is to train you like you're gonna be a wizard or a magician. So that you understand the difference between attribute development right. And the technique for example if if we if you if you were a football professional football player okay.

There's the technique of throwing a pass there's a technique of catching a pass there's the technique of of throwing a tackle right. Or blocking right. But. Then there are all the other exercises that make you a better passer that make you a better blocker that make you a better uh running back quarterback the idea.

So the idea behind vibrational influence is not just to give you techniques that you can use for those things like how to throw a pass or how to block something. But to make you powerful in that work. So the training methodology is a lot more obnoxious about the techniques which are super powerful. But how to amplify your abilities to do those things that's right.

So. I hope that makes. I hope that's a more clear understanding now keep in mind that. I haven't been around.

Planet. Kenrick for probably a good four or five years. So he may do things differently now. But when.

I was there that's that was my experience. But his stuff was you know when. I was when. I was playing in that in that field this you know his early stuff especially was absolutely nuclear it was absolutely foundational in uh my development.

So. I have. I have tremendous respect for for his skills and his abilities. But that's kind of the biggest distinction that.

I that. I see um. So. Ivy red bean bunny says.

I keep spinning in one spot and it keeps coming back okay. If it keeps coming back. Then you need to. Magic.

Frame that sucker okay. Go back to the transformational. Triad notice it always starts with magic frame and. Then energy spinning and.

Then color breathing if something goes up here's for all of you guys and gals out there who are using our. Technologies at home if something goes away and. Then comes back you're dealing with a safety lesson the tech the optimal technique to begin with for that healing process in a. DIY format is called.

The. Magic. Frame. So you want to lower learn the.

Magic. Frame and use it and. Then follow up with spinning and color breathing and just keep cycling through those techniques until you fully resolve the problem sometimes it resolves quick sometimes it takes a while. But when things go away and come back textbook.

Diagnosis for. Magic. Frame okay. If.

I can use that word um let's see here um advice on strengthening or. I noticed when. I wear certain clothes everyone flocks me how can. I achieve that without those clubs.

Then you have to do a lot more energy clearing and a lot more. Aura um a lot more energy cultivation okay. I don't know what your background is. Alex.

So. I don't know um where to start you. But. I would start with killer influence estate control drills and killer influence will allow you to emanate an auric field of.

Charisma on demand and. Then you can learn how to build on that okay. Uh okay. Let's see here.

Benjamin grateful is there any dating seduction and socializing books for. Content creators that you recommend and have tested in the field like is the book. The game when you the game was very reliable early on it's not it might not be quite as well actually it might be going back to the head of the face see what happens when people when a new technology comes out especially in the seduction. World um it works really well and people learn all about it it becomes mainstream people are sensitized to it and.

So it stops working because people are aware of it and. Then as it gets older people forget about it and. Then it becomes uh covert again because nobody nobody remembers it. So the the stuff in the um in the game could be reliable again um mystery method is is still very viable real world seduction is still really viable um.

I don't know any of the newer guys. So. I really can't speak to any of the newer iterations of that uh let's see here of course we have our own attraction. Mastery and.

Rapid attraction. Secrets program you might want to try those they seem to work pretty well uh let's see here. Sr the three says thank you. David.

Patrick says oh. Carrie. Poole says we can see okay. Okay.

Uh uh. Alex. P says three magic questions protocol and. Echo technique are all you need he's not wrong um let's see here the highness says.

I shouldn't have asked you to go woo yeah. I've been having some uh ever since. I started uh doing certain energy practices um the electronics around me have really been taking abuse. So um that could be a that actually could be a factor you're not wrong.

Linus uh let's see here uh. F ibr exists some techniques to make people want the truth instead of feeding their egos good luck with that um my experience has been that most people don't really want the truth they just want confirmation that what they believe is the truth which goes to. Ego people have to feel tremendous discomfort when they are wrong. So while there are people out there um who want the truth or like.

So there are far more people out there who claim to want the truth and actually want the truth you might want to use the. Criterion value solicitation method to figure out if there's somebody that can handle the truth right. Um. But.

First thing is here's the secret to to getting people the the. Renegade reframing. Technologies the 14 reframe patterns that we teach verbal softening uh and. Criterion values are probably the best ways to get to maneuver people in being able to tell people the truth without damaging their egos and to get into and what.

I've discovered is that um most people are much more open to the truth if they discover it on their own and. So the whole idea behind. Renegade reframing uh and verbal softening is this idea of you actually lead them to the conclusion of what you want them to have remember this if you learn nothing else from our personal agent technology this is something. I learned from uh persuasion influencer uh.

Blair. Warren people resist what you tell them they never resist what they conclude. Therefore if you can engineer the conversation that guides people to the conclusion you want them to have and let them think it's their own idea you're going to be far more effective uh in navigating people and their egos okay. I wish it wasn't that way.

I truly do. But you know one of the things that we we implanted. David keep coming back to over and over again human beings move through the world um with basically three three maps that they have to deal with only one of which they deal directly and that is the real world and what. I mean by that is you're driving down the road car runs the intersection and.

T-Bones you that's a real world experience you have to deal with that in a moment. But in that moment your neurology does something interesting it makes a full recording of all the data that was available to that nervous system in that moment and it creates another map the. Second map of the way the world um is. So to speak.

So you have the real experience you have the way the world is and. Then what happens is that map is filtered through an incalculable number of of reality creation processes and it creates a secondary map or a tertiary map if you will and we call that the way the world's supposed to be and that's the map that you use to navigate reality um it has very little to do with actual reality right. So you have the way the world is the way the world or actually you have real real experience you have the way the world is and. Then you have the way the world's supposed to be and it's that map that we use.

So human beings don't like when you force them out of the map of the way the world is supposed to be and back into those other. Maps it becomes very uncomfortable for them. So anytime you can find ways to to gently maneuver them to make those discoveries on their own you're going to be better off. So hopefully.

I didn't just confuse the issue a whole lot. But okay. Uh sleepyhead says no. No.

No. No. Hold on a. Second oh my thing jumped again there's.

Kevin. Hardy hey. Dr. David how's things out there with.

Brent. Kevin let's see. Lawson please create more intensive home study packages especially dealing with physical diseases. I'm in.

Africa. I want to apply some of the concepts deal with a host of functional diseases. Facebook. Support.

Lawson um start with identity by. Design and uh energy healing made easy or vibrational healing and. Then translate um from there go into real world trauma resolution and. I think what you'll discover.

Lawson is that the vast majority of the physiological illnesses that you're dealing with have a very strong emotional component and if you deal with those you're going to see a lot of remissions and a lot of people getting better without the use of any kind of physical medicines or anything like that we're going to be doing a lot more on the energetic side of things. I'm working right. Now on a doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine on top of my uh my degree in acne function.

Oriental medicine. I'm doing another doctor that deals exclusively with energy healing like the energy side of things the qigongs and the shangongs and different things of that nature. So um going forward for those people who graduate from killer influence and vibrational influence by and that classical. Chinese face reading there will be more training in those medical applications as well and they're not things that require you to needle people necessarily.

So uh there are things that you can integrate into whatever healing practices you're already doing. But they're not they're not shallow studies. So um be be aware that that is you know you're you're getting into the deep side of the pool if that's something that you want to do uh let's see here. Carrie pool.

I would like to know how to block a negative energy from someone who's not good rarely needed. But it's full on for a couple of days every few years remember okay. So there's a process that we've taught in our masterminds we've teached we taught it in secrets of internal power uh we're doing it in our in an influence our limited influence of coaching programs it's called pulling down the heavens this thing is like. Spiritual armor on steroids um it is absolutely the best all-round energy practice single energy it's not really one energy practice it's actually um a series of practices the.

First three are pulling down the heavens and there's the one through ten and there's three. Divine implications. So think of it as one practice in three sets this particular process works extraordinarily well at everything from energizing the body creating. Shields of protection sanitizing uh negative energies from houses um and connecting you to the.

Divine. Source better than any other program any other um compact series. I've got a bunch of my own practices that. I do when.

I integrate those into this one through ten three. Divine implications. I get massive massive amplification that's actually one of the reasons. I've been killing a lot of my electronics lately because.

I've taken the things. I've developed over the years plug this this sequence into it and now. I'm getting very very powerful uh energetic and vibrational effects and. I've been.

I just spent the. Last uh three or four weeks teaching that to my uh my coaching students. So if you can get access to that training um we don't do we don't just give that away. But if you can get access to that training that'll go a long way in helping you to uh to manage those particular interactions let's see here uh ilka the boar says yet especially.

But on the beach it feels awkward and too bold when you're standing there okay. There's another conversation going on that. I understand let's see here um okay. When using the seven stages of love and trying to create the snuggle space and you are on a bench it's kind of awkward it feels like a bold move to me any tips it's not that bold to move if you've actually calibrated the signals that she wants you to she wants you to do that right.

If she's if you've got um if you've got acknowledgment if you've got uh reaching you've got this no. Uh you've got the touching phase. Then the snuggle space is a direct it's just the direct extension if you've gotten those three those other three uh signatures or data points in place. Then it should be a natural progression.

But you can always take a little bit longer and see if she snuggles in a little bit closer remember the closer somebody moves even incrementally or the more ventral orientation you get the more into you they are right. Whether they're doing it consciously or not. So what you're doing. I think what you're dealing with primarily for you is uh your own insecurities about it right.

But if you've read the data points properly the worst that could happen is she doesn't move into it which case you go back to three and you just keep building. Comfort until she is there right. There's you can't pass or fail this guys you either get it either it's either it's a or b she either moves into it or she doesn't if she does you're on the way if she doesn't you go back to what you were doing before and do it better you know let's see here sleepyhead says if you're electronic taking abuse doesn't that mean your energy is yes. It does yeah um like we have the weirdest.

I mean. I. I get. I've.

I've been attributed with killing car batteries from across the city and blowing power generators in. Australia. But probably the weirdest thing. I've ever had happen was at the recent eight day.

NLP. Ultra training that we did um. I had done some pulling down the heavens and some other energy stuff with my group the night before and for the. Next seven days my my wireless microphones would not work on me in other words my.

AV guy would test the. AV stuff he put it on he talked worked fine he put it on me everything went to he got the he got the spare out tested it put it on himself worked fine put it on me went to seven straight days this stuff we're not now we just finished we just did the just use the exact same equipment for three days straight out here in. Las. Vegas not a problem.

So yeah it's me. But. I haven't. I've also have not been doing my energetics for the.

Last four or five days um because. I had some other stuff going on. I was just too tired and exhausted to do it. So.

I'm gonna start picking that up again. So don't be surprised if my goes wonky again uh let's see here see. I'm glad that helped. Carrie okay.

Um how do we know what reality really is it can be anything yes. Yes. Human being. Here's the the the exciting and depressing fact human beings have almost no.

Contact with true reality everything that we experience everything that we encounter everything that we interact with is an interpretation those interpretations lead us to certain belief systems all belief systems are things we've made up about the way the world is supposed to be based on the feelings that we had in the information that was available at the time we created those decisions. So y'all whenever you hear me say all belief systems are including mine that's exactly what. I mean. So your belief systems are things that should make your life better if the belief system that you're operating from is not generating the results you want in your life.

Then you have an obligation to yourself to modify those beliefs until you are getting the results that you want because to do anything else is self-defeating and self-limited there is no. Capital. T truth that most human beings have a direct ability to um influence there is a capital. T truth.

But it's. So far it's. So many layers down in the onion that um we have to do a lot of alchemical work in spiritual. Evolution and releasing of before we get to it right.

And. Then more close more closely get to that capital. T truth the less we care about the one we're in right. Now.

So there's there's a there's a cost to everything. But if you think of yourself as being awake in a video game you got a pretty good idea what's going on hold on a. Second there was some jumping around here see. Carrie is saying thank you what you're saying now is helpful for answering my questions too.

Barry says agreed it works. I think. I answered the belief thing pretty well. Seth says.

Then you'll be. Dr. David. I have no.

Idea what the context for that is. Kyrie. School says wow. I can feel that.

Carrie says thanks please share a link to someone that's awesome line of guyness amazing trust the process can you explain the. Inception technique is it useful for a certain type of person yes. Uh. Inception technique is is great for somebody who is a good hypnotic subject.

But does not trust anybody to hypnotize them okay. And the way it works is you hypnotize the person and have them imagine that they are a hypnotist and in their chair is their subject who is themself and you have that hypnotist hypnotizes that person into believing that they are a hypnotist and they're they have a client in the chair and that client is themselves and you just keep them. Infinity mirroring down within within each until you reach the level where everything you say becomes absolutely true and and um absolutely real in their world and you have the person at that level just give themselves suggestions until they know they've got it and. Then you have them just bring themselves out layer after layer after layer with the same idea right.

And that's that's how. Inception works. So you're going to trance with entrance with entrance within trance okay. Brooks.

I have a. I have a video of me doing it it's it the unfortunate thing about about the. Inception technique in terms of content is it's not the most exciting video to watch because literally after like the. First few minutes you just see the person in the chair just kind of going like this and and they'll they'll sit there for 20 or 30 minutes and.

Then they'll come out feeling amazing. But it's to to watch it it's just not exciting. So. I.

I have. I have a video. I have a video example a really good example of that it's just not fun to watch. So.

I didn't post it. Dirk from einberg. Hamburg how you doing my friend uh. World create words create world says.

I would love to know your opinion on cities they're real. I believe they're absolutely 100 real crypto. Chris says straight. Matrix stuff not sure what that's about.

Crypt uh crypto. But okay. Lawson hello. David.

I watched the webinar where you made a face reading package 997. September 2022. I believe very many of your followers would be interested in the same combo packages for. Christmas.

So you're saying. So just. So. I understand you better if.

I were to create a special face reading. Christmas combo package you guys would be interested in maybe acquiring that would that would that be would that be what you're telling me yes. Or yes. Type it in the chat if that's something you're interested in have you lifted the veil on reality and really seen the capital.

T true you know the. Dallas have a saying that the. Dow that can be explained isn't the real doubt and. I've tended to find that to be true uh when you reach a certain level the concepts that are the the the ability to put things into words doesn't doesn't.

Encompass it there are certain experiences that everybody in mystical. Traditions have like. Whiting out like you just go you just white out and you can't really put into words what those things are. I.

I. I get glimpses every now and. Then. But putting them into words doesn't really help uh creative.

Raven says did sleep paralysis get covered not today and no. I'm not practicing everything again. I just want to reference what you said in case the subject keeps bouncing around again. Echo technique is a great way to keep people from bouncing around believe it or not very cool says gosh the stuff you say is.

So true it's profound well thank you for that. I'd like to think that my capital. T truth is being transmitted through this meat suit out into the world uh. Limitless.

Lucario okay. Patrick says. I have sleep paralysis every other night okay. Sleep paralysis can be one of several things.

Patrick it could be entity work it could be entities that work it could also be that um there's a part of you that's trying to go traveling and it's not you're holding on too tight. So you might want to start playing with gray room a little bit uh safe place induction and asking yourself if there were a reason why. I was holding on too tight what might it be start there and see if that starts to change also if there is entity work involved because sometimes an entity will kind of with you to try and generate fear um if you have a particular symbol that you have a lot of faith in you know the. Star of.

David the. Christian cross uh five-pointed star uh uh the hamsa whatever you start working with these um these these symbol for some these these. Divine symbols of protection and you may discover very very quickly that when you start actually tapping into that. Divine energy those things run away.

I've actually had quite a bit of success when that would be um. Afflicted with sleep paralysis going into the. Lord's. Prayer or going into some of the 72 names of.

God blasted away uh things that would attack me at night. So there's a couple of ways that there's. So again it really depends a lot on on what's behind the paralysis certainly they're not mutually exclusive. But.

I would start by cleaning up your because that's usually what attracts crap in the. First place uh hold on a. Second there is a ca5. I don't there's no.

Question there. So. I can't oh okay. On advice on how to make them escalate and make them move on you without saying a word okay.

I think this has to do with um seduction. So let me go ahead and. So here's the secret if you want to stimulate attraction in people. Then you have got to generate um a status.

Gap in other words they've got to view you as not just comfortable to be around looking fun to be around you've got to be someone who has a higher stat of value in their world you got to raise your social status. So mystery method is good for doing that um three magic questions is great for doing those things uh emotional motivation checklist is great for doing those things um if you can get the person to talk about times in their life when they really were attracted to somebody and. Link yourself to those feelings. Then they will tend to do those behaviors by default.

So those are some quick ways to get people to self-escalate foreign who do you think. I have no. Idea who win the world. I am.

I do not watch sports. Limitless. I'm sorry. I wish.

I wish. I was more of a sports geek. I'm just not. I'm too busy doing other things um.

But. I hope your team wins uh uh lioness of guy says. I'm interested trust the process thoughts on authentation image cycling is there an alternative yes. Use any other modality don't one of the things.

I. I've dealt with a lot of people who are at various degrees or at various intensities of athentasia um just use a different modality use sounds use smells use colors or use feelings rather um as long as you can you could even you could even create a a. PowerPoint with pictures that represent the things you want to in a cycle and make a video of it and cycle it at high speeds and just watch the video that will that will stimulate it as well see here uh. Stephanie says when doing self-hypnosis does one program or okay.

Steph. I don't understand the question does one program or heal things out loud. I don't understand the question can you can you rewrite the question uh. I have not done any.

DMT or any types of psychedelics. So. I can't really talk too much on those how to deal with sleep paralysis dream generated sudden onset. I think.

I just talked about that. I think it was somebody else asked me a similar question lionesses that put a ball of salt water under your bed okay. David how to build a habit of doing something that you don't enjoy. But is good for you find a reason for why you would enjoy doing it.

So go back to your motion motivation checklist go back to uh resistance removal formula your sub modality interventions turn the sub modalities of of the thing you don't enjoy to the sub modalities of something you do put it in a place where you store things you absolutely love to do and hold on to your ass because you won't be able to stop doing it um see here. Ivy red butt being bunny says when. I try to enter the gray room. I can't find different good and bad things to rip up and throw out as confusing where to start and what's good and bad it used to stick out vividly for me okay.

Then just stay just use this term anything that's less than positive when in doubt rip it out okay. It's my honest guy says. I drew weapons interdimensional ones on paper cut them out and put them in my pillowcases that'll work that'll work. I've read.

Bean bunny says why do. I keep attracting people who want low intimacy or physical interactions or emotionally unavailable chances are uh you've got a you've got a an imprint from when you were a child that your neurology is. CR is trying to uh recreate you need to go back and regress the cause and fix that cryptocurrencies you've thought about doing a. TED.

Talk. I would definitely tune in. I have thought about doing. TED.

Talks. But have you ever seen me do anything in 18 minutes that in terms of a lecture um. I actually have actually. I have.

I have a proud papa moment actually one of my one of my students is actually a tedx trainer she's actually the coach for tedx. Scotland and tedx. Temecula here in uh in. Southern.

California. So if. I really wanted to do. TED.

Talks. I could. I just it just hasn't been a priority right. Let's see here.

Alex is asking how do you create such a haunting presence you literally enter their mind and they dream about you um. I would have to say that's an aspect of. God just kind of channeling through me and um going you know going where you needed to go you know. I.

I don't really have uh. I don't really consciously do much to do that. But uh. I do believe.

I. I'm tapped in a lot of times when. I'm teaching. I'm tapped into something bigger than me.

So that may have something to do with it oh. Steph says during self-hypnosis do. I speak out loud it's it's actually a very good thing to do um if it won't get you thrown out of your hotel or out of your apartment or freak out your significant loved ones or significant others um verbalizing your hypnotic suggestions are actually very very powerful very very powerful make sure you do a lot of clearing and a lot of. State control work.

So that you are in the proper mindset the proper. State when you're verbalizing affirmations okay. Because what you speak about you bring about okay. Susan says my sister found melatonin to be helpful with sleep paralysis again because we don't know what's causing the sleep paralysis.

I can't definitively say which one of these approaches is going to work. So do all of them right. And. Then you know by process of elimination see which one seems to be the rate limiting factor do.

I work one-on-one the only time. I work one-on-one now are for my year-long coaching clients my unlimited influence. Mastery students and my mega. Platinum.

Elite coaching students they get an unlimited amount of. Set uh the the megas get unlimited amounts of sessions with me the uh unlimited influence coaching students they get two breakthrough sessions a year for as long as they're in the program. So they can work personally one-on-one with me everybody else we refer out to our highly trained. Associates and.

Affiliates how to create a golden bubble uh batch training should be in your. CPI or killer influence program. Robin if you go to your your archive you should be able to find that without a problem how much does that cost um how much does what cost their cotton isn't spinning. I don't know what that means um where do.

I sign up for your course on energy um well. Kerry that's a great question. So why don't we take a few moments and visit our brand new website would that be would that would that be helpful. I can show you how everything works where to go how come.

I cannot control a certain. Behavior. I cannot control that you might want to make sure you don't have any food sensitivities. Alaska because the problem that.

I. Ibraham smack dab into this if you have certain types of food sensitivities certain types of food sensitivities will actually cause you to binge in spite of yourself oh um how do. I say this how much does it cost to work one-on-one with me uh the actual sessions with me are free they're part of your their part of your program. So if you're part of our unlimited influence coaching program that's 17 000 that's 18.

Grand a year right. If you're part of our. Mega program that's a 100K a year 100K for uh 10 years uh and you get you get sessions with me whenever you want them it's part of your package. So they don't cost you more okay.

So um. So. I hope that helps people in our. Platinum program which is our live training super package um they don't really get um much in the way of uh one-on-one sessions with me.

But the actual sessions with me are there's no. There if you had to actually pay to be like 3 500 an hour it's stupid amount of money to work with me um mostly because. I just don't have the time to like. I used to and.

I have to. I have to budget it. But we have very good very well trained. Associates if you want to work with me um you know you'd have to you know you have to be sure you have the resources to do it.

But. I would recommend getting into either our. Mega. Platinum program or our influence.

Mastery coaching program uh and. Then do the one-on-one work with me and see where where that takes you. Benjamin uh we'll go to the website in just a. Second while doing self-hypnosis is it better to say one suggestion let your subconscious of notice it better to play it over and over and over just focus on going here um space repetition is always more powerful um than just a single repetition period uh.

So the more you can repeat the more you can compound the more powerful the programming becomes how to stop the cycle. First way to figure out what your what. Your sensitivities are and. Then avoid those.

Foods. Then we can start to work on like the. NLP has a great uh allergy cure and some other other techniques. But.

I would use the the. I would use the spinning transformational. Triad um uh which is energy spinning. Magic.

Frame color breathing. But. I would. First.

I would get those. I would get the uh the sensitivity thing nailed down identify what those problem foods are and just remove them from your diet and you might be surprised to find out how quickly a lot of your problem behaviors go away this was a big thing for me you know you would think with the willpower. I have that. I could.

I can just you know. But there are certain foods that just trigger this. Cascade of physiological effects that really will tax your. State.

Control. So by all means take the time to get tested for food sensitivities gluten sensitivities things that eliminate all physiological as much as you can and. Then tackle the psycho emotional stuff okay. David.

I have a problem in that yes. Write it down and. Then go back and edit it remember all good writing is rewriting if you can force things out onto paper regardless of how ugly or how perfect or imperfect they are it's going to solidify things in your neurology it makes it much easier to manifest them okay. All right.

So without further. Ado let me go ahead and find our brand new website hopefully. I don't have to clear my cache all right. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen and let's go ahead and see what we got.

So this is uh our brand new website. I'm gonna let it load here um. So for those of you who haven't seen let's just scroll down the. First page.

So this is what we got each of these is. I think. I think each of these is oh there's our little you guys might want to log in if you guys want to get updates you may want to go ahead and type your name um just to uh get notified and on things okay. So this is.

Master area. Rife each of these. I think or maybe not. I thought these oops.

I got redirected sorry about that okay. So scroll down. So each of these is. I want to learn about each of these takes you to a different section of the website that corresponds to the macro areas of.

Planet. David. So you if you want to know about a dating attraction relationships managing relationships there's your there's your your key link right. Here uh.

Charisma persuasion influence body language face reading how to read people how to reprogram your subconscious mind the system bi identity by. Design stuff um self-improvement law of attraction and of course we have a little slider down here tells you some of our most popular products and. Then our mission statement and my full bio of course and these upcoming events. So for those of you who want to get deep dive by.

January 24th through the 28th we have our five-day sequence of converted gnosis uh training it'll be at. The. Orleans. Hotel and.

Casino. In. Las. Vegas and if you want to register you just click that link it'll take you to the uh the sign up page okay.

Um for those of you who are more interested in attraction applications uh. February 8th through the 11th we'll be doing attraction. Mastery this is a four day training based on our killer influence curriculum. But it's primarily focused it's it's basically focused on male and female dating applications.

So it's going to teach men and women how to understand each other better how to become more attractive to the opposite sex how to navigate their models of the world. So you understand each other better um. But it is based on our original killer influence training. So it's going to be solid um and that's going to be coming up in.

February. So for those of you who are interested in that just go ahead and use the. QR code or you can. I believe there's there should be a link somewhere here um to register for that.

So let's go back let me look. At um sweep ahead says you guys like it. So far now sleepyhead 84 says. I don't remember.

I said it thank you. But you're very welcome all right. So for those of you who don't want us who don't like to scroll we can go up here you have the you have our our customer service phone number and of course um the about me page right. Hold on a.

Second oops that looks like. But we got a boo-boo here did it just die on me what happened where am. I huh okay. Hold on a.

Second okay. Are we back okay. Hopefully we're back. I don't know what just.

I don't know what happened my my windows are spontaneously closing and. I'm not sure why that is where is the energy course blocking bad energy okay. So for those of you who are interested in courses. So we have we have live trainings okay.

These are all home study courses you can buy them um. I would recommend for people who want to do or who are interested in energy this is a nice little uh fast start course called energy hypnosis speed healing that's really not what she's looking for what she really wants is going to be uh let me find it for you guys as you see we got a lot of stuff here um secrets of it now. Secrets internal power won't really do what you want um vibrational healing is probably going to be the um these are all streaming courses. So this would probably give you the best one to start with because it has a lot of dealing with negativity and stuff like that.

So these are courses we have products obviously our. Energy. Products well this will all be in our healing application stuff. So.

So again these these little courses these 47 courses these are all this little quick start things for what you're asking for vibrational influence which is right. Here and vibrational healing are probably the two best ones to start with uh and. Then supplement that with other things let me go back and take a look. At some of the questions in the chat okay.

If you guys have other questions about other courses. I can. I can show you around those as well here's our live training calendar this is all events and this is what we've got done we've got up we've got our entire 2023 schedule mapped out. So uh within the.

Next couple of days probably by. Monday or. Tuesday you're going to see a lot more stuff here plus. I'll start sending emails out about it uh resources we have podcasts if you guys want to see some of the podcasts that we've done there's a lot of videos on this one.

So um. So we have a lot of really cool uh webinar we have webinar replays we have um. I don't know where my podcasts went. But oh there they are.

Legacy leader psychological keys for. Charisma. So a lot of these are also there's web all the webinar replays are on here as well as a lot of our uh podcasts that we've done with other people um. I made.

I may make this a separate page though this was a really powerful uh 21 most powerful words in human language for those who are interested in that deception detection yeah okay. So other resources and all videos. So we have also we have a whole blog obviously. So these are all again videos.

I've uploaded to our blog a lot of these are on. YouTube. But for those of you who want to just. Bebop around the website you can do that here's our contact form right.

And. Then. Finally of course for those of you who actually have products all you got to do is come to the login page and if you don't you can register for an account and that'll get you on our mailing list um of course all of our social media is up here and that's about all. I have to say about that let's go ahead and take questions okay.

If you want to sign up for the. Mega. Platinum. Elite coaching words you got to go to 858-282-4663 ask for.

Stephanie and um she can oops sorry eight five eight two eight two four six six three um if people are in if if people um thank you guys if how many people are actually interested in hearing more about the mega. Platinum coaching program just tell you and again if you're not it's cool. I mean. I didn't come on here to pitch that.

But uh trust the process can we teach ourselves the light switch technique or is it best if someone does it to us. I have found that the best way to get good at self-hypnosis is to train people like they're going to be hypnotizing other people put them through the process on from both ends both as the hypnotist and as the subject over and over and over again and. Then transition them into self-directed transport using the light switch technique and the reason for that is because even though it's the same state hypnotically speaking it feels different it has a different it has a different flavor to it and. So by being hypnotized over and over and over again and hypnotizing other people over and over and over again you really build in those those neurological.

Pathways that allow you to access trance very very quickly and. I found that that is. ABS the absolute best way to get somebody functional in self-hypnosis the fastest. So the short answer is have somebody else do it for you over and over and over again do it to other people over and over again and.

Then transition to the light switch technique okay. So. I have three people here who say they're interested in the mega. Platinum coaching program um all right.

So here's what. I want you to do if you're interested it's a hundred thousand dollar program. I'm going to tell you right. Up saying what's going up we're raising the price in.

January because everything's gone up by about 25 to 30 percent and our overall expenses are outrageous. So. I'm doing kind of a. Last minute deal um for those of you who want to do it what we'll do or who want to know about it what you do is email.

Stephanie at nlppower.com and say you are interested in the mega. Platinum coaching program okay. What we'll do is we'll set up a time for just those of us who are really in no. Tire kickers and this is something you can you know if you're if you if.

I'm not asking you to buy it. I'm asking to make sure that you're not gonna you're not wasting time just not to log in and say just see what it is and. Then not have anything to do with it. So if you're interested and you want to go into the deep end of the pool right.

Um. Then we'll set up a private. Zoom call with just the four of us or five of us. However many of it is and we'll go through that program we'll go through all the other different programs that are available and we'll find the best fit for you if that's something that you think you want to do okay.

For those of you who want to do coaching um the year-long coaching program meets. Tuesday from 5. P.M to 7. P.M uh.

Pacific time and it goes all year round and we cut we have a massive syllabus uh how many people would be interested in something like that just type in the chat. I'm interested by the way. Mega platinums also get the year coaching program forever or for the for 10 years. So that's include you don't have to worry about that if you get the mega you're that's included for you okay.

I don't know if. I lost it again everybody's quiet all of a sudden you guys with me eyeballing okay. Foreign. I can.

I can show you what it looks like um. I'd rather. I'd rather be able to go through that. I'd rather be able to answer your questions personally rather than through a chat though again the mega isn't for everybody um and neither is the the one you're coaching it's for people who really um want to take their life who want really intense work for me.

Hands-On with me uh private work with me um it gives you access to all of our content for now and for the. Next 10 years. So there's a lot that goes into it. But it's a big.

Financial commitment. So. I don't want you guys to to just rush into something that you're gonna you know you're not gonna get the value from or you you're going to hurt yourself to go into that makes any kind of sense any other questions for those of you who are uh while we're still got you on. Ama what else what other questions do you have.

Sunil cigar says yes. I don't know what you're saying yes. To. Sunil context is important my friends yeah the the mega is the highest the highest training we offer um it comes with you get into every single training we ever do we'll ever do we have special.

Retreats four times a year just for you folks we have special virtual events movie. Nights uh private sessions with me uh there's a lot that goes into it what does it say on the top right. Of the screen you mean up here these these these are one of the four uh. This.

Is. A variation on the four-letter name of. God. So.

Ivy red bean bunny says how do you work on self-work on self-worth. I push away people who try to put effort. But don't match my perfect picture or. I compromise certain things for a lot of that goes into your identity and and what you think you deserve versus what you don't think you deserve identity by.

Design is probably the best place to start uh and you can do that either as a. DIY program like the self. Mastery supercharger is a great place to start with that uh or identity identity by. Design five-day training or home study course is that.

Hebrew yes. Sleepyhead 84. I feel like every question. I ask.

I want to ask is incredibly remedial. But it it goes what reading material do you recommend for energy clearing for a beginner um. I would start with chronic healing chronic healing probably has the best approach to energetic hygiene that that's easily understandable start there uh and. Then if you want something a little deeper.

Then you can look. At maybe some of the um. Chinese energetic medicine trainings by. Dr.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson. But that's the real deep end of the pool okay.

So. I would start with the chronic healing books chronic healing basics for one by master chillicoch suite that's going to give you a really good clearing process that's more energetically based now when you're doing. Shen work or. Spirit work that's what we do we're.

Shen workers more than we're energy workers because the. Shen controls the energy. So if we can manage the. Shen we have energetics nailed cryptocurrencies where do we apply for scholarships and grants oh if only we could do that if only we could do that uh let's see here.

So um. I'm very. I'm really curious though um obviously. I want to know what you guys want to do what do you guys want to see in planetd what what kind of content do you want to see more of in the.

Next 12 months what do you want to do what is what do you want us to put out more of uh does living in. California bring advantages to that program actually it does um because where. I'm broadcasting from we call it the. NLP.

Powerhouse and uh it's actually a home office it's literally a three bedroom house that we've rented and tricked out and filled it with pretty much any kind of source material you could possibly imagine. So we do. Retreats here we do uh like if we're doing a training here in town like uh at the. Marriott we'll have parties for the.

The. Mastermind members and things of that here and when you're in town and it doesn't conflict with our our business schedule you can actually come into the. NLP. Powerhouse and binge binge read binge watch videos that you won't find anywhere else um you have access you have actually have access to my personal.

Library as part of our. Mega platinum membership in addition to getting session work with me and personal mentoring and coaching on various aspects uh it's also the only way to become a certified instructor in the. David. Snyder.

NLP and. NLP power system. So there's a lot that goes with it. But yeah the short answer is yeah if you're in.

California and you don't mind driving or working around our schedule you can come in and binge watch videos that you can't find anywhere else books you can't find anywhere else stuff like that it's a lot of fun in fact um. Kevin are you still here. Kevin's one of our new megas how many other megas do we have on the on the call tonight just type in me uh. Alaska's are you an introvert by.

Nature doctor yes. Very much. Carrie says night good night. Carrie be good can.

I talk. I am operator says could you talk about identity splitting uh can you be more specific on the question. I can talk about it lioness of guy says. Dr.

David has taught me very much over the years for free. I'm excited to soon be able to pay him. I can only imagine how much. I'll learn it's pretty intense we give we give out way better stuff for free than most people charge tens of thousands of dollars for and the stuff that you get when you get behind the closed doors is even more intense.

But don't believe me talk to the people who've been spent time and. Planet. David they'll tell you it's it's a whole different world and you you can't go back to being being blind or asleep again it's it's insane in a good way. So.

So. I'm waiting on identity to get uh. I am to get back with me about the question on identity splitting. But um we'll go from there 10 or 15 minutes and.

Then uh that probably time to jump off yeah world's create where did they create world says yeah that's amazing. I want to move to. California part of that lifestyle the cost of program sounds like it it does we we've had we've had people now who who joined just over almost a year ago the program itself um the. First member is about three or four months away from uh their one year anniversary in the program and they've quadrupled their income and uh they're they're they're they've got more friends than they've ever had um they're traveling all over the place.

I mean we have we have really good people uh. I'm really proud of it. But it's you know again the idea is talk to the people who are in the program. I always recommend you do that you expect me to have an agenda you expect me to say my gosh the greatest stuff since life spread if you just give me your firstborn.

I'll teach you how to rule the universe well we're not quite that aggressive. But uh you know do you have any methods or ways to use it for clinical work yes. Probably the best place to start if you want to work with identities and things of that nature there's a book. Written by.

Milton. Erickson called. The fedroid. Man and he actually creates alternate personalities uh in a person to help them teach to teach them and to help them heal.

So. I would start with that book. And apply that to your clinical work most of the identity work stuff that. I'm gonna that.

I would teach. I would not teach in an open. Forum like this it would have to be in a defense against the dark arts or. Advanced regression um or trauma resolution context.

So sleepyhead. Steph. Lee says thanks. Dr.

Dave it's a wonderful learning from you over the years good night good night. Steph we'll talk to you soon sleepyhead 84. I'd love to see more videos on. Law of.

Attraction. But not the basic if you think it will come. But we don't do that. Anyway uh.

I will learn how to let go. I've always had great results with letting go. However okay. Alaska says you are worth every penny you are.

So smart doctor well thank you that's really kind of you uh sleepyhead says it's. So hard yes. Letting go is actually one of the most powerful and important spiritual enlightenment skills that we come here to master if we want to get back to our true face or that spiritual being and that mission that we came here to fulfill a lot of what we have to do involves letting shake up nothing's free you're actually a near omnipotent being now it's just you covered up and blocked your power with. So many.

I what we call. Soul extensions false masks trauma-based uh patterns and things of that nature that your light is actually dimmed and and blocked by those those false uh those false personalities and identities letting learning to let go of that stuff is the fastest most directing way to get back to that omnipotent being that can actually control. The. Matrix and that's what most of us came here to do.

So to speak does that program include your yes. It does it includes everything. I teach in fact we have a dojo here we actually turned the garage into a little mini. Dojo it's all matted it's got mirrors it's got training equipment and we actually do trainings um we have a conference room downstairs we have three treatment rooms uh we have video monitors in every room for people to watch videos and access we have massive bookshelves um and we have a dojo that yeah it's all it's all included and meet the outcome of yes.

Uh let's see here how do you state control to get into the right. Rooms well that's basic training that's gonna that's gonna be included well here's the thing our state control training is kind of proprietary. So we may give out a little tidbit here and there um. But the the the full spectrum training is something that you only get when you come when the doors close and you are now in the room with me and.

Then you get the full the full immersion process and. Then you come out completely different. But if. Chris.

Tombaugh is still with us um kristonda is probably one of the best examples of what's possible when you've mastered. State control the guy pulls out really recently pulled down 100 million dollar verdict against. GM he's a personal injury attorney and he attributes that verdict directly to the materials he's learned that you're asking about creative. So and that's that's not his.

First. Victory that's just the most recent one. So. But actually we can do more in law of attraction we can do more on.

State. Control we'll never give the full training out we'll give pieces what else we got anything else you guys seem a little quiet today is am. I boring you or are you guys just busy with other things. I'm hopping off.

But. I can't extend my gravity enough thank you hey not a problem thank you. So much for sharing some of your. Saturday with me.

Alaska says no. You're awesome thank you uh got it. I'll see you in class awesome well listen. I know a lot of you are starting to hop off.

So that's probably my cue that it's time to let you guys get on with your weekend um can't promise anything. But uh we may do some special holiday events over the. Christmas holiday. So you might want to keep you might want to go to the the.

David. Center. NLP site and at the very least get on our subs on our newsletter. So you can be updated when we're doing.

Live. Events virtual events um. I may do like a one. I'm.

I may get bored and decide to be like a one day face reading primer just to kind of spark people up or something during the holidays because. I. I get a little antsy. So um if anybody's interested in those kinds of things if you are part of our subscription system going to.

David snydernlp.com and. Then go to the login page there should be an email login there and it says okay. All right. Well listen.

I love you all. I want if. I don't see you which. I.

I don't imagine. I can't imagine that happening uh because like we've got webinars coming up um if. I don't see you between now and the new year or down the end of. Christmas have an amazingly cool holiday for yourself whatever one you celebrate.

Kwanzaa. Hanukkah whatever it is right. Um. But keep in mind that coming the.

First of the year we're going to be doing a price increase across the board in order to continue to do our. Live. Events we've held out as long as we could um to keep our prices low and keep things um you know affordable for people we're at the point now where um it started it's significantly impacting our business. So if you want to be part of.

Planet. David please don't take this as any form of a scarcity thing. I'm just trying to help um get into one of our programs now before. January 1st because the prices are going up and they're going up big um and.

I don't want people to miss out it really hurts me that um that. I have to do this. But it's a business decision and it's something that has to happen. So.

Anyway. I love you all if you if you know you want to be part of what we do. Beyond just the. YouTube and we have great stuff on.

YouTube don't get me wrong if that's your. Comforts if that's your happy place if that's your comfort zone stay there and just keep enjoying this stuff. I'm never gonna. I'm.

Never. Gonna. Leave do you know what. I mean um those of you who want more who want deep rest you know access to me and things of that nature.

Then go to the. David snyderenlp.com website and get on our mailing list um if you want more information on our own influence coaching program uh on our. Mega. Platinum elite membership program uh email.

Stephanie and call her and we'll do. So we'll we'll get together and we'll set up a private little webinar clients we'll take probably one probably won't take more than 35 40 minutes to go through the program if it's something you're interested in. Then we'll show you how to take the. Next step if it's not.

Then you know you have to hang out with me for three you know 30 30 45 minutes right. Anyway that note good night my friends. I love you all. God bless take care.
