Title: Mind Control Skills: Secret Hypnosis To Control Your Mind and Influence Others
File Name: BCm4glIjLQk.txt
Video Id: BCm4glIjLQk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCm4glIjLQk

But it is to provoke you it is to be fun and playful and tell it like it is. I'm very much a nobs kind of guy and if you're in that kind of a place this is right. For you okay. But the the secret is we've got to have fun with this we've got to be playful that make sense absolutely okay.

It is never my intention to offend anyone. So keep that in mind as. I provoke you unrelentless relentlessly throughout the course of the even uh if. I call you up for uh a demonstration which.

I. I rely do during the conversational hypnosis ones. I just usually interact with you from the audience. But if.

I think it's useful for you guys to be upfront we are videotaping we videotape every. Meetup that we do we usually make those available for you for free on. YouTube or on our. NLP power blog.

So um and every now and. Then we pull a transcript or we add a. PDF or something that makes the information useful tonight. So.

First and foremost when. I created. NLP power. I did it for several reasons one.

I was very lonely like. I came to. San. Diego.

I nobody no. I knew nobody and. I had all this cool stuff that. I like to do and nobody to do it with.

So. I started a meet up because. I wanted to meet cool people who like to do cool stuff. First and foremost does anybody here like to do cool stuff is anybody here cool.

I know. So much does anybody here like to do cool stuff with cool people all right. I'm feeling better now. So can.

I borrow you sir come on out here what's your name. Patrick. Patrick's out that hand. I want you to grab somebody get someone immediately to your right.

Or immediately to your left look. Them in the eye shake their hand and go on with feeling come on everybody grab a hand and give them raspberry go get them raspberry each other come on feel good about it come on all the way from. Israel that's that's right. All right.

Now why the hell did. I just have you do that for two reasons oh you're feeling good now aren't you for two reasons why the hell. I just have you do that drill well. First biggest fear you're ever going to have is making a fool of yourself once you get over that [ __ ] gets easy the.

Second one is to prove that. I can in fact make you do something you don't want to do. But. But really what's important is the is the.

First one we move through the world terrified what people will think we move through the world terrified of making a mistake of looking foolish and that's what limits us if you want to be truly charismatic if you truly want to be free and. I mean free in the in the greatest most healthy sense of the word you got to get the serious stick removed from your butt you got to get over this whole idea of political correctness and this the terror of saying and thinking and feeling for yourself and expressing that because it might offend somebody get over it people get offended if you are a free human being in a free. Society offense is inevitable remember it's just somebody's opinion and remember this the comments that people make always say more about the person making them than the person they are directed at that doesn't mean it won't sting. God knows people sling at me all the time you really want to be a.

Target do do do. Meetup vide right. But the more playful we become the more rapidly we learn the more playful we become the more fun we have the more oxytocin we release and the more access we have to all of our learning resources. So the more playful and more fun you can have with this the faster you're going to get good at it and the more rapidly people will like and trust and connect with you because when they're in your presence they feel good everybody ever anybody here ever have somebody.

Maybe when you were growing up in high school or or. Elementary. School maybe even college or. Later on anytime you were around this person you just felt good for no.

Freaking reason now. I know most of you will not admit to this. But how many of you found yourself trying to come up with reasons to spend more time with them even when there wasn't one. I'm going to suggest to qu to paraphrase the amazing and.

Powerful. Zig. Ziggler that you move through the world being that person move through the world making everyone you feel everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and show them demonstrate to them how to get everything they want by doing what you want is that fair is that fair is that ethical excellent. So here's what.

I'd like you to do right. Now. I'm going to give you a real quick body mechanic hack that you can use anytime you need a little extra confidence a little extra courage a little extra. Mojo for that business meeting or that sales presentation or that.

First date this is called. Power posing this goes back to a brilliant. Woman by the name of. Amy cuy you can find her.

Ted. Talk on. YouTube. Amy has done the research on this she has found that when you assume certain physical positions certain physical postures that your bioch your blood chemistry changes the hormone levels in your body change and just like holding a victory pose like this for as little as 2 minutes your testosterone goes can go up by as much as 20% and your cortisol which is the stress hormone drops by an equivalent amount which means in a nutshell you become more dominant more assertive more confident and a whole lot more relaxed would that be useful yes.

Say yes. Anytime you feel afraid anytime you feel nervous anytime you've got any feeling you don't like you don't want hit the position now make sure you don't you don't do it in the middle of the supermarket. I could just see you at the grocery counter people everywhere you go oh sorry right. But do this in a place where you can have standard really where you can have some two to three minutes of alone time and how many people here do affirmations just as a little of.

Attraction thing if you're doing affirmations do this. First because most people wait till they're in a shitty state or something went wrong to start doing affirmations that's a swimming up that's swimming up stream. So anytime you need to break a state change your physiology that's the big hack now for every emotional state that we have you have a corresponding physiology that goes with it in our. CPI class which we got coming up in a month or.

So we're going to go deep dive into that. But you don't need that to start being effective right. Away. But you do need to to have.

State. Control you need to have the right. Body feelings going on if the body feelings are strong everything else lines up you guys know. I do do courses on lie detection right.

You know how lie detection. Works lie detection works when the signals that are coming out of your mouth don't match what your body is doing we call that in congruity shit's not lining up [ __ ] being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence. Technologies right. So the secret to being powerful to being sincere to emanating trust and sincerity and integrity and authenticity is to have your body and your voice and your gestures and your words all line up the fastest most powerful way to do that is by changing changing the feelings in your body and as soon as you can fake that you got this nailed and.

Then. I had crickets you'll figure that out tomorrow. First foremost let's hit the posture okay. First of all don't bend your elbows people who have a problem by the way.

I. I figured this out by accident in the clinic in case you didn't know put your hands up. I didn't say put them down following instructions is important right. One of the things.

I found out by working with depressed people when you have them do this posture especially if they're in a habit of being depressed after about the. First 10 or 15 seconds they go from this to this this is not the victory pose this is the hanging from the dungeon waiting to be tortured pose roll that chest up lock them arms out and what. I want you to do now is want you to take a deep breath in close your eyes. For me sort back through your memory sort back to a time and a place where you felt absolutely awesome.

Unstoppable where you saw something you wanted you decided you were going to go for it no. Matter what you made a plan you put that plan into operation and boom you nailed it home run remember that moment remember that taste of. Victory step into it remember what you what you saw what you see you heard what you smelled what you tasted make it as big as humanly possible let all those feelings come flooding back back now here's the best part the talking. I'm doing is just an amplifier you don't need any of that for the posture to work for you it just makes it stronger faster.

So go deeper now and follow my words go into that feeling go into that moment see through your eyes. Hear through your ears smell and taste and feel through that body if there was dialogue in your head going on telling you how awesome you are hear it again and notice something notice that there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where you. First become aware of it where it grows and it spreads from that's right. Notice that there's a color connected to that feeling that's right.

Whatever it is go with your. First impression we'll talk about that in just a moment now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment going to ask you to use your imagination imagine that there's a huge ball of that colored energy floating right. Above your head and.

I want you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change for the better as with every breath you breathe more and more of that color through your entire body let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a [Music] balloon and just keep breathing until it's. Unstoppable in every way that's right. When you're ready remember that spot where it all started from and touch it with one of your hands hands now imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling touch it with your other hand take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture. So you know how big it is grab the edges of it like you would the windows on your iPhone or on your touchcreen expand it to fill the entire room and notice what happens try not to slug the person.

Next to you that's right. Lift it up over your head wrap a beautiful glowing frame of that. Victory colored energy around it notice what happens pass it through your entire body over and over and over again and notice what happens to any part of your mind any part of your body that had anything that was out of sync with this awesome new feeling and just keep breathing and passing that color through your body until it's impossible to turn off and when you know it's impossible to turn off when it's reach that level try to turn it off and notice what happens instead beautiful doing fan freaking tastic you got that just drop your arms down let that energy just lock itself in into every nook. And cranny of your body into the very.

DNA of your cells reprogramming rewriting turning each and every cell of your body into little. Victory factories coursing and surging that winter energy all throughout your mind all throughout your body in an endless ever expanding. Unlimited. Supply when you know you've got that open your eyes.

Look. Around notice how good you feel and how different the world looks. Through. The.

Eyes. Of a winner give yourselves a big round of applause have a seat now we went we sandwiched a bunch of uh things in there. But the most important one for us to start with as begin and influence and persuasion is this idea of. State control the.

First pie we talked about was understanding that the feelings in your body control everything else this is the fundamental driver in the world according to. David and. David's approach to persuasion and influence everything human beings do positive or negative comes down to a feeling in their bodies it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of all of their perceptual filters all of their beliefs all of their behaviors are generated in response to either getting away from that feeling or getting more of it your job as a master of influence a human a connector of human beings is to find out which direction those feelings run and find out what they're trying to satisfy that's where it starts anytime you find yourself in a situation or a circumstance where the emotions in your mind or body are too strong they're overwhelming you they're putting you in a negative space change your posture and in as little as 2 minutes scientifically verified your psycho emotional state must change now if you understand the. Second part we did which is about understanding how to activate all five cortexes of your brain in.

NLP we call that um mapping of cross okay. And connecting it to your breath you can actually change the cellular resonance in your body. But you need all five of your cortexes. So you start smell taste color feeling right.

That's a little bit more high-tech. Finally the. Last piece we did was we call. Magic.

Framing and this goes directly to the structure of how your nervous system creates experience you see when most of us have a memory or a thought or an idea we're focused on the movie the story that's playing. But when. I had you bring up that. Victory feeling that picture of that did.

I ever ask any of you what the story was and yet how many noticed that when they what happened when you made the picture bigger young lady with the the beautiful purplish thing on what happened to what happened when you made the picture bigger um. I smiled and got excited did the feeling get stronger or weaker yes. Got stronger what happened. Michael when you made the picture bigger more intense more intense what happened became the overwhelming reality overwhelming reality that's the secret right.

There you see everything that you think and everything that you feel and everything that you think you remember has a structure to it it's it's written in a code kind of like. HTML creates the web page that you see. But it's really much more complicated than that a lot more stuff going on there's a code that creates all of your experience just like. HTML code creates the web page that you see.

But you never see the web page code unless something goes wrong or you're actually going into that level and working with it does that make sense the secret to accessing that level inside of you is to combine two or three things okay. First you got to point to where you feel it in other words you got to physically interact with it okay. You need your imagination and you need your conscious mind to work inside of it. So we'll just play just to show you because tonight is about conversational hypnosis conversational influence and persuasion.

But the most important person that we need to influence. First is us. So remember this let's go back to our happy feeling you can do this by the way you can do this to blast any negative feeling that's bothering you it's the exact same protocol more or less. So think of something that you really like you can close your eyes.

If you want to point to where you feel it we call that a sematic bridge imagine use your imagination imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that awesome feeling. Reach. Out. And.

Touch it with your other hand go with your. First impression now trace the outline of it. So you know how big it is and just for fun instead of making it bigger now grab it keep the size of the picture exactly the same and slowly move it closer to your body and notice what happens to the feeling what do you notice you just sucked it right. In oh mine now what' you notice it got much more powerful much more powerful that's right.

You see our brains are simultaneously. But if you like that you can put it there if you really want to see something lift it up over your head wrap it around you like a big blank can't notice what happens what just happened now went all everywhere went all everywhere right. You like it there you like it where it was um. I like it where it is now oh okay.

How many people like it where it is now guess what if you like it where it is now keep it there you're allowed you see this is the thing that we need to understand as people human beings learning how to operate this system we call a body there's a code that creates the experience every experience that you have and you have access once somebody tells you the password to the dashboard that allows you to modulate everything just the size and location of that picture is like the volume control knob on your stereo if you got feelings that are overwhelmingly good that picture is usually really close and really big in most people if you have feelings that make you anxious or anybody ever had that problem anxious nervous sad chances are guess where the picture is what do you think might be useful point to where you tou where you feel it touch find the picture guess what happens don't believe me play with it right. That's what. I call volitional. State control that is taking what we've learned about our body what we've learned about our imagination what we've learned learned about our critical faculty the ability to analyze and make judgments putting them all together and creating change inside if you done if you got nothing else out of tonight.

But that you now have the ability to rewrite your own destiny because everything you are and everything you do can be found in the space around you and once you understand how that code works you can do anything you want with it and and the more you do it the more you play with it there's a new buzzword now that's starting to become popular you may have heard about it's called neuroplasticity guys ever hear that yeah neuroplasticity is the speed and ease with which your brain creates new neurological connections how they connects one part to another the more you do these little framing drills and moving things around and and deciding what to do with it the more rapidly you're and neuroplastic you become the more ability you gain for your brain to evolve and the more rapid your brain makes one connection to to another the more power and amplitude and ability you have does that make sense. So that covers our state control module tonight remember when in doubt have fun be playful seriously seriousness is the kiss of death right. If you want to see someone choke watch how serious they get by the way when they're too serious guess where their picture is throw it away right. Cool all right.

So tonight what we're going to talk about is the. Art and. Science of conversational hypnosis um if this is the scope of every single thing. I would like to teach you and that comes down to well there's five or six key areas that.

I would really like to talk about we probably only have time to go deep into one or two that being the key the key to the human nervous system. I call this the secret back door if you know anything about programming there's always a back door that a programmer puts in that allows you to unlock anybody's neurology and have them them fixate on you and pay attention and hang on every word it works for every single human being on the planet if you're a human being with a pulse. Anyway people without a pulse they don't have a good attention span for some reason right. Uh we're going to talk about the secret code that causes people to want whatever you offer even if that's you right.

Some people often ask how do. I sell myself. I say you don't you never sell yourself okay. But you you need to own yourself you more authentic we're going to talk about the universal persuasion protocol this is a six-stage conversational algorithm that if you apply it you can.

U you can maximize your influence in any situation from the classroom to the boardroom to the the negotiation room to the courtroom to the bedroom it gives you do this. Then do this. Then do this. Then do this.

Then do this and utilizing this framework with whatever techniques that you have you'll be a to. Max exert maximum influence and minimum time okay. We're going to touch on the three-phase conversational template we we also call that the three magic questions this is a a three-phase conversation formula that allows you to go from complete stranger to intimate friend in as little as 20 minutes it is ideal for any kind of networking event any kind of situation where you have a limited amount of time to create a deep and. Lasting relationship with somebody whether it's a romantic one by the way it was originally created as a conversational framework for women to use on men it was done it was designed to do two things at the same time it was designed to simultaneously cause men to tell you every single thing you'd ever need to know about them.

So you can make a decision whether to give them a. Next date or. Next them really quick while at the same time generating immense attraction and connection uh. I actually got the uh the uh inspiration from that from a book.

I'll give it to you right. Now was from a book. Called love trances by. Craig rinsky.

I'm sure you can still find it on. Amazon if you're interested in those kinds of things what we quickly discovered about the three magic questions protocol was that it was useful for creating relationships in any context. I taught this to a core group of about 35 lawyers and they started winning case after case after case um because they won the case during the jury sele process and made the juries love them okay. I have people who.

I have doctors who are using this. I have lawyers who are using this when they're talking to prospective clients. I use it in my treatment room to to gain the trust and the the compliance of my clients. So.

I can give them the most help possible and this is an important thing to understand whether you're selling or. I like to call offering which is my. Approach is a very different approach to selling uh whether you're doing uh. Service delivery where somebody's coming to you as a coach or a counselor or a therapist remember one thing no.

Matter what words you wrap around it or or or uh well. I'm just going to cut through the [ __ ] none of the good you you have the potential to do can manifest until the client does what you say you understand that. So whether you're a whether you're a salesperson a consultant a coach a mentor a therapist your job isn't belief your job is compliance none of the good you bring to the world happens until the person in front of you decides to do what you've asked them to do does that make sense now that being said there's an attitude that we bring to this work our job is never to sell anybody anything our job is to connect with them our job is to find out who they are and what they want and how they know they're getting it and. Then survey what we have to offer and make sure there's a fit between what they want and what we offer and.

Then if there is a fit if there is a match if you can deliver on your promise to connect them only to the parts of your service or business or product or anything for that matter that most fully satisfies that in the way they recognize it and that's a critical piece because there are many people who are. So hungry for a sale that they will cross many lines to get it and when you start applying the processes. I'm going to share with you you are going to gain an immense immense do. I dare.

I say immense amount of control and influence over a person's emotions that is an immense power that's a tremendous responsibility to have if you use use that power with respect and compassion and sincerity and honesty. Integrity you can create powerful powerful lasting relationships that will create such fanatical loyalty to you you won't even believe it be almost impossible to lose that customer or that person. However if you use it in such a way that you connect what they want to something you can't provide or you violate those values in any way you're going to create an enemy for life and that that person will move. Heaven and.

Earth to get payback. So understand that. I'm not a persuasion cop. But.

I am one of the good guys because there's another side and again. I don't want to scare you. I don't. But let's be honest there's a lot of people out there who are using these skills in a rather dark way would that be true or not true true.

So this is this is what. I teach my persuasion students and if it apparently somebody came in late and missed the cell phone disclaimer they did yes. Even though he's one of my ongoing. Mastermind students who should know this already not that.

I'm trying to embarrass you. John again again. I love this guy all right. I love this guy yo right.

So again whenever you find yourself getting too serious stand up and do the hokey pokei cuz you got to have fun with it seriously shake your ass man shake your thing out what you going to do right. Um. So that's what and. Finally um.

I want to teach you how to go from interesting information to. Unstoppable persuasion and influence transformation would that be okay. If this is the scope of everything. I want to cover we have time for this.

So here's my commitment to you. I will take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and. I will show you where to go for more if you want more would that be fair perfect.

So let's start with what the [ __ ] is conversational hypnosis well the textbook. Definition of conversational hypnosis is or sorry hypnosis is the bypass of the critical faculty of the conscious mind and the establishment of acceptable selective thinking okay. Conversational hypnosis if you you can just plug a word in front of that would be using your words and your language to bypass the critical faculty of the conscious mind and establish the state of acceptable. Collective thinking now let's just remove this word from the definition.

I gave you and think about the definition. I just gave you for a moment bypass the critical faculty which means basically it gets you to stop analyzing or judging it gets you feeling and create a state of acceptable selective thinking in other words we get you thinking along a certain direction or in a certain way that leads you to take a specific action or believe a certain thing think about everything you encounter on the media now is there any single place where this is not happening to you correct. So conversational hypnosis it's everywhere and if you and this is close the loop. I opened if you don't understand these tools if you don't understand how to use them how they work how to detect them whether you actually ever use them or not if you don't at least understand how to recognize them you are at the mercy of them.

So this. I'm a self-defense instructor. I teach rape defense. I teach.

I'm a certified instructor with just yel fire. I have a 9th degree black belt in the martial arts. I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of. California.

I'm a master practitioner in neural linguistic programming certified hypnosis trainer. I've authored over 15 different courses on different areas of therapy and human influence okay. When. I tell you this.

I teach. I tell you not because of my laundry list. I tell you because in every field of human endeavor the one thing you can count on is if you don't know how to fight with a weapon if you don't understand the. Dynamics of it you don't know how to protect yourself from it.

So. I'm very much about protecting you as well as teaching you does that make sense okay. So here's where we're going to go do we need to let her out she needs to use a potty or something that's right. All right.

So if in fact everything we experience is some form of hypnosis is there a a more useful hypnos uh definition that we could use well there is in the world according to. David. Anyway hypnosis are is really any phenomena that takes you from the. Trans.

State your currently in to a different one see human beings are never not in trance they're never not in trance everything you do is based on a trans state that you go in and out of. So fluidly. So automatically. So effortlessly you never realize it right.

Think of the greatest book. You ever read the piece of music that just makes your spirit sore the artwork that just takes your breath away right. Our song all of these things create create a massive rush and a change of feeling in you all of those are transes all emotional states are trans. States each and every time your body goes through an emotional state change it goes from one type of.

Trance to another and as it does that the way you perceive the world around you changes just makes sense this means yes. This means no. There will be a test by the way this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means oh [ __ ]. I hope he doesn't call on me. Next right. That's why we started with this whole feeling thing because as you become a master of your feelings as you become aware of the kinds of influence being utilized on you and with and towards you and you become more facile in your ability to use that influence for yourself life will get easier you'll become more empowered you'll be able to make better choices you see you can't not be influenced.

But you can't choose which influences to allow and which ones to disallow does that make sense. AB okay. So that being said does it work. I've been doing it to you since you walked in right.

I gave you things to focus on and. Then. I did other things in the background and until. I teach you how they work you won't know how wonderfully you've been programmed to feel amazing cuz that's my job to give you an experience a set of experiences that allow you to really grow with this information does that make sense now usually what.

I do is. I go around. I ask people what they want to learn. But there are way too many people in the audience tonight for me to do that.

So. I'm going to go through these bullet points. But before we do that. I want to do one more exercise can we do that and this goes directly to uh bullet number or bullet number two which is the secret code that causes people to want what you offer.

So put your feet flat on the floor close your eyes. I'm going to ask you a series of questions now when we start to do this we start to dialogue between the conscious part of us and the other than conscious part of us there are certain dynamics that allow us to know which is which is the conscious mind answering or is the unconscious mind answering. So here's what. I'd like to give you when you do any kind of self work or when you do any kind of client work uh open your eyes.

Real quick just as a show how many people here are in sales how many people here are entrepreneurs okay. Well if you're an entrepreneur you're in [ __ ] sales right. Coaches clients internet marketers copywriters okay. This is all relevant extremely okay.

So the. First thing. I want you do is understand that there's five. Dynamics to an unconscious response when you get them you'll know you're doing it right.

First one your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you almost always have an insane urge to edit what just came up it's almost never loud it's almost like a notion or a whim or a quiet little voice in the back of your mind. Finally it's almost never linear and what. I mean by that is especially in a client interaction where you're doing regress to cause or going back to the situation that caused a problem to begin with somebody comes in had a bad experience when they were 20 you ask their unconscious mind to take them back to the source of that 20 that event you think the cons the the client thinks they're going back to 20 years old because they're 35 and they're in your chair no.

They wind up 0 to 5 years old and something completely related. But different this is what. I mean your unconscious mind has a completely different way of organizing your experience than your conscious mind does and you can dialogue back and forth. But only after you learn how to tell which is which.

So just like when we're teaching lie detection or doing any other kind of. Behavioral analysis you have to look. At what happens with the human being. First either an answer or or a body language cue that that activates within the.

First. Second or two of the interaction. So always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit that's the big one how many people here do trans work as part of their their clinical coaching or therapy business this is the one you need to tell your clients before you put them in trance because that's the one that will make them think it didn't work the minute you tell them it almost always feels like you're making it up and you almost always have this insane urge to edit they go oh and the minute they have that experience it validates your your.

Authority in their world and they become hypers suggestible and compliant. So for those of you who do any kind of coaching work you got to let them know that's how it works when you're working on yourself it's exactly the same whatever comes up no. Matter how. L nonlinear how nonsensical it may be if it came up.

First that's the right. Answer that may lead you down a completely different. Rabbit. Hole than you were expecting.

But that's okay. Because that leads to the resolution you wanted in the. First place does that make sense okay. So if you're doing affirmations if you're doing clearing work you know with whatever techniques you have you need to understand those.

Dynamics and don't force fit the answers to think to be what you think they should be accept what comes up trust me. I've spent 30 years beating myself to a pulp with this [ __ ] that's how it works right. Sometimes when. I do clearing exercises.

I look. Like. I'm break dancing. I go through all these weird clearing processes right.

Okay. So does it work absolutely is it ethical that's up to you that's up to you now. I'm going to tell you that what. I'm going to teach you tonight is absolutely the most ethical powerful honest and true way of communicating with another human being you will ever encounter because what.

I'm going to teach you tonight is exactly the way every human being on the planet wants to be connected with wants to be communicated to that they've been searching for their whole life don't believe me go out into the world and do it just do what if what. I if what. I teach required people to believe especially clinically my specialty in my clinic which we've run for 11 years now in salana beach is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion a lot of. NLP coaches a lot of hypnotists they deal in weight loss and smoke sensation stuff like that's not what.

I do. I get terminal cancer. Parkinson disease multiple sclerosis. Crohn's disease.

Celiac disee the full spectrum of chronic illness 8 out of 10 are due to repressed emotion memories locked and buried in the body if what. I did with clients required them to believe. I'd have an 80% failure rate instead of a 90% success rate you do not have to believe a single thing. I tell you all you have to do is have the right.

Attitude be playful even with serious [ __ ] and just go do it and it'll work if you're selling stuff it'll work if you're changing the clients teaching working with people it'll work. I don't deal in low percentage technique okay. Take it to the bank literally in this case. Okay.

So is it ethical yes. Because you have to understand that what we're looking for in this process is a fit we're looking for a match between what that person most emotionally wants and needs in the way that they need it connecting that to what we offer if there's a fit if there isn't this is the one that's going to make you a lot of money in the long term if what they need is not ises not fit what you offer tell them that and send them somewhere else that sounds counter to you're sending business away why would you do that there's a principle in the world according to. David we call the law of reflected praise okay. And it's a little bit more in depth than.

I want to go into. But here's. Here's the the the bottom line when you you take the time to find out what another human being wants when you take the time to connect to them in a way that is neurologically compelling and that's what we're talking about your neurology which mediates everything you take the time to find out what they want and you can't offer it and you tell them look. This based on what you're telling me based on the discussion that we've had this is what.

I feel you need and right. Now. I don't think this is a fit for you. However.

I believe that. So and. So might be a better fit or this book. Might be a better fit when you look.

Them in the eye and with sincerity tell them this isn't a fit for you your credibility in their world skyrockets they're trust and belief in you goes through the roof because you are honest with them they ex remember every if you're in a in a an environment where they're expecting to to get pitched everything you say is already being seen through that filter. So there's no. Objection handling in the system. I teach because if you're getting objections you miss something okay.

However when you send them to somebody else they will remember that they will remember the feeling they had when you did that and they will refer people to you hand over fist. So remember it doesn't come back to you right. Away sometimes sometimes it does some people just feel. So amazing with you they find something else that will fit when you move through the world giving people those amazing feelings and showing them how to get everything they want by doing what you tell them you'll get everything you want they'll get everything is that a win isn't that what we're all looking for.

So is this ethical absolutely it only becomes unethical when you know when you know there's not a fit and you do it. Anyway that's unethical does that make sense okay. So this is when. I every time.

I teach this one the key to the unlocking the human nervous system people look. At me like that cannot possibly be it it cannot possibly be that easy it is. I'm going to tell you right. Now the most powerful words of any human being can hear would you like to hear them sure sure the words that just came out of their mouth the most powerful words a human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth has it got very quiet nobody wants to speak now why is that it's because when you create speech there's a whole series of processes and filters that your nervous system passes through or that the communication passes through.

So whatever comes out has been vetted and and approved by every single thing every single filter you have how many people ever heard of the phenomena of projection okay. It's a psychological principle which means that whatever's going on inside of us we project on to everyone around us and act as if they're doing it well there's a little bit more to it than that you see every human being on the planet is looking for itself it's looking for itself it's looking for itself to be reflected back to be connected with every cell in your body wants to connect with every other cell every molecule in your body wants to entrain with every other molecule do you think if that's happening at the molecular level and at the cellular level that it might be happening at the social and cognitive level too. So what's happening is we're moving through the world sending out these little pings on your radar looking for the match and that's where the process starts because the moment we detect a match we. Orient on it and we start to pay attention and.

Then the other stuff starts to kick and we start sorting through the checklist the checklist leads us to level two you have how can. I start this for everything you do you have a checklist that lets you know it's right. The right. Way to in a dating context for example ladies let me ask you a question just just for the sake of fun if you met a guy who as if he had a a manual knew exactly what to say to you to get you to feel connected to him if he knew exactly where to touch you and where to kiss you in exactly the way you've always fantasized about it gentlemen as.

I'm doing this please look. At the women around you who knew how to kiss you in exactly the right. Way in the order and sequence that you most find fulfilling and he could do that over and over and over again what would you not do for that man look. At them guys have.

I got your attention all. I did was talk about the list you did everything else the minute. I said. XYZ your brain went yeah yeah oh hell yeah five minutes okay.

Um guess what for every single activity that you engage in there's a checklist and if you understand that the checklist starts starts with the exact words that came out of their mouth you can start the process real fast okay. So we have 10 minutes. I'd like to do one little quick uh uh demonstration let me play with somebody who wants do you want to play with me sure okay. Come on up here uh can we get two chairs oh that just sit on that one that's good enough hopefully.

I won't spill anything this is not a romance interaction. But um what we made just pull that up let me okay. So the secret to this is be natural whether you're whether you're talking to somebody in the context of a. First meeting or somebody you've known for a long time or it's a business negotiation you always want to start off with what we call what we call the three-phase conversational framework which is location occasion career and passion early positive childhood experiences now these are categories of questions that will start to create a very connective process.

So it's. Nisha right. Nisha. I'm curious about something what was it that brought you out tonight um.

I wanted to see how. I could have more fun with. NLP and use it for um expanding my entrepreneurial uh. Ventures.

So you want to learn more about how to use. NLP and use it to expand your entrepreneurial. Ventures. So let me ask you a question just.

So. I understand you better um what's important to you about uh using. NLP and expanding your entrepreneurial. Ventures um.

I find that it's empowering toward uh when. I have conversations with people and um also. NLP it's it's easy because there's kind of a method to it absolutely there is a method to it and it is empowering when you when you can connect with people in the way that's the most powerful for them and if you could use this to expand your entrepreneurial. Enterprises.

I'm curious tell me more about about that what are you doing uh. I want to make uh low tech gadgets for for making people's lives easy low tech gadgets for me that sounds. Cur that sounds interesting. So if you're going to use this to expand your business and your entrepreneurial efforts if you were to be able to connect with people in that way what what's important about that what would that do for you um it'll make me feel like.

I'm contributing to to people's lives uh making other people's lives easier and that. I'm living in a more fulfilled way because. I'm interacting with with the people in in the world abent and if you could have that more fulfilled way ultimately just between you and me and everybody else what's important you about that what that's going to what's that going to do for you um bring more connection with everyone bring more connection with everyone absolutely and if. I could teach you step by step in a systematic ethical and honestly organic way to connect with people.

So you can feel fulfilled. So you can create those apps those little apps and gadgets that you like that you could expand your entrepreneurial efforts and use. NLP in all the ways that you really really find fulfilling would you be interested to go further with that sure okay. So how soon do you want to get started what how soon do you want to get started uh tomorrow how do you feel about me right.

Now um somebody who's very authentic and um who's who's invested in my progress excellent excellent now what did you notice cuz. I guarantee her experience of this interaction is much different than yours yes. Ma'am uh great reflective talking back all. I did how much of what.

I said was actually her own words and. I and and thank you for the the reflective part cuz. I want to. I want.

I want to call a distinction with that what we're doing here is not reflective listening okay. It is called the echo technique and the reason be is is because it's it's a neurolinguistic hack for lack of a better word it compresses two or three different separate neural linguistic processes into an organic conversational mode it allows me to stay in all the different areas of her neurology that are important. But it's also the most important uh feedback mechanism she has when she talks to me and she hears her very own words coming back there's a complete match at the deepest neurological level no. Matter how superficial the conversation is the moment she starts getting her words back she orients because she's getting everything that she's looking for coming right.

Back in exactly the way she needs it to happen does that make sense it makes sense a little bit right. Now when you guys actually do it it's going to make a whole lot more sense cuz that's the. First piece tonight. First thing we're going to we're going to take a break in about five minutes.

But what. I would like you to do on that break besides run to the restro eat as much candy and drink as much coffee as you can cuz we're going to hand out the weight loss cards. Later. I want you to go up introduce yourself ask a very simple question what brought you out tonight what do you want to take home and when they start talking just echo in an organic way did what.

I see did what. I say uh sound inorganic or inauthentic or stilted in any way and the secret to that is a little bit yeah because it's a demo some of it yeah cuz she's she's she's playing the the. NLP demo subject right. So what did you just say.

I said a little bit a little bit you want me to tell you like which part yeah tell me which part just the very. First part where. I think you answered where it was um let's see if. I can remember um like do you remember the.

First part. I remember the. First part do you remember the. First [Music] part.

I have like trouble with memory you trouble with memory yeah cool. But um it was like you said like four exact words that she said do you remember which four exact words. I said no. No.

Figured out yet. I'm using your own words yet now. I [Applause] have see when they come up for the demo that's when it looks stilted staged different feeling wasn't it yeah. CU.

I'm thinking about what. I'm going to say he was thinking about what he was going to say see not what. I already said. H.

I won't take the bait all right. But thinking about what you already said how good did it feel when it came back to you before you realized it was happening. I don't know. I didn't notice.

I know that's the point see when you're on the outside watching this it looks somewhat artificial yes. Are you saying that when you. Echo it back to her you actually echoing it back to her subconscious that she doesn't. I'm echoing back to her subconscious and everything [Music] else how'd it feel yeah good that's right.

Believable that's my point when you do this it's not a tri. First of all you have to remember this is not a trick that you play on people this is a gift that you give them because the level of connection and of feeling understood even though we only did it for a. Second how did you feel a minute you felt that come back for years. I felt that you know repeating something back to somebody is just repetitious and it's just uh annoying time wasting and instead just saying yeah that's right.

That would pretty much clear it um. But now. I. I haven't practiced this yet.

But. I'm starting to see that instead of saying that's right. Maybe if. I repeat it back to them maybe maybe it might have a result have a different result yeah absolutely and when you have that different result what do you think will happen out in the real world um my networking uh you know more your networking is going to go through the roof you're going to reach more people than you can possibly imagine it's going to be fast see.

I did it to you again you got not and that's what you'll see you see you're not the only one when. I do this. I don't do this to make fun of anybody. But people call me on this all the time.

I've always like. I've always been a big fan of shortcuts and just getting it to the point instead of you know cuz ever since. I've been growing up as a kid you know everything has just get there as fast as you can and you took. The long way around and it was way way more effective even.

I didn't even notice until you actually made me realize that. I'm naughty that's what. I mean when. I tell people what this secret back door is they look.

At like you cannot [ __ ] be serious there is no. Way that that could ever work it works everywhere. I tell my my we have a class coming up at the end of. April.

I actually send my students out to terrorize waitresses and get free [Music] desserts and the guy the girls are even nastier are you kidding me you you think the guys are heartless no. You give this tool to a woman it's over by the way this is why most of you guys who go on. First dates never hear back from the woman you know why cuz you spent the entire day talking about you instead of the most important person in her world [Music] me give a big round of [Applause] applause she was actually the decoy you're all focused on her. So.

I can nail all you now that's what. I want you to do now did did you notice that. I was just very conversational you don't have to do every single word you can after you. I.

I'm going to force you to do every single word just to develop the memory capacity the shortcut once you get used to this is start with the. First word they said and the. Last because that's how people remember they always remember the. First thing because that's the most important and the.

Last thing because that's the. Last thing they heard right. So if you need the shortcut just do that you can use their words in any way you want it works best when you do it in the exact order that came out. But don't believe me we're going to take a 15-minute break.

But before we take that 15-minute break. I. I have an announcement that. I want um usually to to come.

I have a gift for everybody tonight especially because a lot of you have not uh been here before and you you took. A chance kind of rolled the dice to see what would come after you um usually to walk in my door to to see us for anything uh it's $175 an hour now. I'm going to explain that in a minute for everybody who came out tonight my regular rates are between 175 and 75 an hour depending on uh who's coming out for everybody who came out tonight who put sat through my erroneous long-winded talk and making me do dances and all things that. I've got a free gift for you each and every one of you gets a free 30 minute consultation with me at my office in salana beach if you want to pick my brain about the stuff we've covered tonight for 30 minutes or just talk about other stuff you think.

I might be able to help you with and. I got to warn you. UPF front. I don't take everybody as a client because.

I do exactly what. I'm teaching you to do we offer all prospective clients a free 30-minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for what we do if it is. I'll tell you if it isn't. I'll tell you that too after you pass our initial screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible now.

I got one more caveat to that uh again and if you just want to talk to me and pick my brain for 30 minutes. I have people do that all the time because. I love to social. I when.

I should be working right. If there's something. I can help you with great if not. I'll tell you um the other thing is because of my new travel schedule we we've got about 40,000 subscribers on.

YouTube um in fact we teach people how to do that kind of stuff. So if you want to build your business through public speaking and and this kind of work um talk to me either during the break or after the after the event and we'll tell you where to go further for that. But for everybody who came out tonight you also have some little notebooks here those are few free to take home uh we free 30 minute consultation. But we only got about 10 slots left because of my travel schedule because of the training schedule.

I've got. I've only about nine how many slots do. I have. Linda seven maybe eight okay.

7 maybe 8. So if you're interested in coming to see me talking to me and and taking advantage of that free gift please see. Linda at the back of the room she'll get you set up uh if you're not interested go [ __ ] yourself. But no.

I'm teing well maybe a little. But remember playful right. So drink as much coffee as humanly possible eat as much candy as you can find somebody you don't know walk up stick out your hand go what brought you here today and have some fun take 15 20 minutes for this come back we're going to go into um the universal persuasion protocol we're going to jump back into the um the formula you saw me demonstrate up here which goes from the the the back door to the secret we're going to come back and and cause you it'll it'll it'll double your sales by about 20 to 40% your conversions if you do this it'll it'll take it to about 20 it'll add an extra 20 or 40% bump. So we're going to come back and we're going to cover that if we have time uh we're going to talk about the resistance reversal recipe this is one of the most.

Unstoppable game-changing rejection or resistance or objection removal tools you can have where people literally resists into doing what you want if it takes takes something that somebody just told you they didn't want to do and makes them actually start to want to do it and to generate their own reasons for doing it if you do any kind of weight loss or smoke sensation or addiction work if you do any kind of motivational interviewing work this is critical okay. And. Finally um we're going to talk about how to go from interesting information to being unstoppably persuasive and influential and be take it to the bank take it to the treatment room or the bedroom or the boardroom or whatever interesting place is you want to use it. So let's take 15 or 20 let's take 20 minutes for this cuz.

I talked a little bit go get coffee go go do your thing talk to people and be mindful when we start the music up again because once you start doing this you won't want to stop we'll talk to you soon how are you good how are you. I'm. I'm well thank you. I just that.

I was going to call cuz it's like the day.
