Title: bijtB3klPT0.txt
Video Id: bijtB3klPT0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bijtB3klPT0

So couple of things we want to understand and and why we want to start to have more confidence in the power of story and metaphor the. Neuroscience tells us the. Neuroscience tells us that just the the expectation of a story causes people's brains to entrain in other words the minute you you you get the um either by direct statements like reminds me of a time when or inference have you ever the brain starts to go into entrainment mode it starts to synchronize with the brain of the the speaker it's automatic and what happens is the more the listener understands the story and by this is done um. Greg.

Stevens and. Lawrence silbert. Yuri son put participants in an fmri machine and recorded brain activity one telling a story the other listening researchers discovered that the brains of the two participants began to sink up as the speaker told the story. The listener's.

Brain patterns began to match now here's how it happens you hear a story your brain starts to syn up. But there's a lag eventually you start synchronizing at the same speed as the. SP speaker and. Then what happens the the listener's brain especially if they really get the story.

The. Brain starts to speed up it starts to anticipate what's going to happen. Next now you've got full cognitive absorption okay. Remember what is what is one of the concept.

I started today's lecture with the human nervous system always accepts that which it create that which it create it always accepts itself if your neurology is predicting what's happened. Next you've made it up. Therefore it must be true true get it now that's going to happen regardless of how good at storytelling you are as long as they can understand it and they want to listen to you right. Otherwise they'll leave the room.

So that being said understanding identification understanding absorption let's look. At ways oh by the way this is also important this is why adverb adjective presuppositions are. So. So important in your story.

Spanish researchers found that even reading words like perfume or coffee lights up the primary olfactory cortex where we process smell this is called embodied cognition if. I start talking about the juicy. Taste of a hamburger the parts of your brain that activate when you taste a hamburger light up your brain doesn't know the difference this is why we love romances right. Chick candy right.

Okay. So the technical term for this by the way is called neural coupling okay. So that being said this is all going to happen regardless of whether you know. NLP or not like it's just going to happen.

Okay. So let's look. At the psycho becoming an. NLP story ninja.

First of all psychon neurodynamics. Thorndike effect people insert themselves into the story always happens you can always count on that people's brains are going to entrain people are looking to identify with the character the more easy you can make that the faster they become transported brain and train talked about that transportability basic key factors that again everything we're about to cover presupposes you've covered these bases okay. Priming let's talk about behavioral template priming many times when you create a story a very very um. Adept story architect will build a set of behaviors into the story in the sequence that you want them to take.

So let's for example um. I have. I want people to listen to what. I say uh realize it's for them rush to the back of the room pull out their credit card and buy my product.

I will tell a story about somebody maybe me maybe somebody else that went to a seminar was amazed by the power and and and saw how powerfully you could affect change with these skill sets realized it was exactly what. I you needed and when. I had the opportunity. First chance.

I got. I rushed to the back of the room and. I whipped out my credit card and. I was a little nervous at.

First because it was a big chunk of money and. Then. I realized this is what. I've been waiting for right.

And. I said okay. I took. A deep breath handed him the credit card.

I got the course. I you know engrossed myself in the course and. I started doing exactly what was done and before before. I knew it not only did.

I make all of my money back my business kept growing and growing and growing. So by the time three months went by not only had. I made out back my significant investment everything was getting stronger and more money in my bank account and it was like man. I remember.

I looked back on that and say how scared. I was and. So glad. I made that attempt by the way how absorbed are you in what.

I'm saying really right. You couldn't help yourself could you you knew it was an example right. You knew it was an example a very good one a very good one why why why was it a good example because everyone can relate to it exactly every single person in this room has had that experience at least five or six times today today right. Now if we had time and.

I would love to do this and if you come to our if we do a cpi2 workshop in 2021 or 2020 you're going to see me do this we also do this in our hypnotic presentation skills class now everything about our keep hear you keep hearing me mention this. CPI thing. CPI 1 which is that little diagram. I showed you that was the the conversational persuasion system that.

I designed for me. I didn't design any of these things for you and and honestly if you have. CPI you really don't need much else. But.

I kept hearing there were all these other things. I was curious about and. I wanted to learn and. I was frustrated every time.

I went to learn something it was never it never got it was like one radioactive nugget surrounded by all this fluff and. I got sick of that. I want all the radioactive nuggets in one place and. So.

I kept bining my nuggets and. I did the same thing for story. I did the same thing for slight of mouth and conversational reframe and. I did the same thing for presentation once you have.

CPI 1 you can take any of the other cpis in any order you want it doesn't matter because they all presuppose you've have you're familiar with the universal persuasion protocol which allows you to influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance from the treatment room to the classroom to the courtroom to the barro to the bedroom gives you a formula to follow that allows you to exert maximum influence and minimum time once you have that you don't need anything else. But you always want more don't you you always want to take the. Next step. So.

CPI 2 is all about strategic story and metaphor training. CPI 3 is all about conversational covert belief change overcoming objections things of that nature. CPI 4 is what we call hypnotic presentation skills it's not a class on stage hypnosis it's a class about hypnot hypnotic persuasion and presentation from the stage. So we in in.

CPI 2 and in. CPI 4 we deconstruct exactly what guys like. T harveer in fact we use his stories as an example we actually break them apart and show you the structures the priming the embedded commands the presuppositions and how it primes people to take an action we just break it apart. So you see it it's one of the most fascinating.

Parts it terrifies people because they don't realize that this there's there's a system behind the system that they're using with you. So behavioral priming now at a key moment when you realize you want it guess what you're more likely to do guess what youring to the right. Because you've already done it several times in your mind right. Not that there's anything you can buy right.

Now. But that's behavioral template primer we we we buil into the structure of the story the exact sequence of actions we want somebody to take and. Then we surround it with all these colorful descriptors and feelings and meanings and equivalences and it's just it just gets imprinted in the background of everything else another quick example is if let's say um uh there's this concept. A lot of people talk think of like subliminal messaging subliminal messaging is not like you know they would bed the.

Coke in the in the films and stuff like that that only works if the person's h hungry in other words if. I if. I am talking about the the best pizza joint. I ever visited and.

I'm talking about how. I pulled in. I grabbed a slice. I've been out oh my.

God this was. So good. I was. So hungry in it right.

And you're driving home and and if you're not hungry and you pass a pizza joint you'll probably ignore it. But if you're driving home and you're hungry and you're passing a pizza joint the probability of you stopping at the pizza place goes up. So you have to create a desire in the person for the action that you want them to take if you want the priming to engage does that make sense. So that's behavioral template priming there's another kind of priming that is used a lot and this goes right.

To their emotive side their their emotional refractory period. This is called semantic priming semantic priming happens when when. I fill i i i embed within the story. I overuse words that have a similar or same metamessage you guys remember.

I talked about meta message in our in our. F profit class yesterday every word this is. David's distinction every word that you encounter has three levels of meaning there's commonly accepted usage did you smash any s any stars right. There's the dictionary usage to smash to obliterate right.

And and. Then there's the meta message is like when you hear that word what's the emotional feeling that you get from it you know contrast persuasion versus manipulation you hear those words you get two very different feelings true not true okay. Semantic priming is about finding a series or a family of words that have a similar meta message or meta meaning they create in the body a similar feeling and because it's creating a feeling in the body it activates emotional refractory period. And.

So you start perceiving reality through that filter right. So. I'll give you an example let's say we want somebody to completely trust us right. We might in our story or in our in our in our.

Pro by this doesn't have to also be in a story this could be in any form of conversation that you're having reliable trustworthy. Dependable concrete solid exact precise structured. St sturdy straight foundational upstanding when you hear these words what kind of a feeling do you get powerful powerful honest trustworthy yes. No.

Right. That's the point if you embed these words throughout your structure and you overuse them it will create a predisposition in the mind of the person right. Now steth always corrects me on this story. But there was a study that they wanted to see the effects of priming and they brought people in and the way it worked was they was was it seniors they brought in or was it just regular people college students college students they had a really long ass hallway they're cheaper than people they're cheaper get buying beer you going to pay them right.

So they got they had these students walk down this really long hallway right. And. Then they would go into a room and they would take a test and the test had things like have things like. Florida and um reti and everything pertaining to old age and what the scientists were doing is they would measure when the when the when the when these people.

First came in they would measure the speed at which they went down the hallway half and half half and half all half had test he likes to keep interrupting me right. But the point is is that you know it was a double blind right. And. Then when they were walking out after taking the test they would measure the speed with which they walk back and what did they find since you want to speak up someone in the original in the original study they found the students who had taken the test that was full of age related words walked slightly slubber.

Then the students who took. A similar test with random words right. Okay. In the replication this is what he loves when instead of having a scientist with a stopwatch timing them they use the mechan iCal devices they use in races to see exactly when you cross a given point they found there was no.

Difference the priming effect was on the scientists with the stopwatches somebody got primed either way right. So the point is is that this is again one tool it's not one most people will catch right. It's again. So you have behavioral template priming which by the way.

I think is the most reliable. But you also have semantic priming find as many words that have the same meta message or meta meaning as possible and overuse them in your speaking doesn't matter as long as language is involved this will work speech uh texting whatever okay. And we have games that we play in uh maybe we'll play a little bit with this in uh in instant conversational hypnosis tomorrow we'll go through some of the the ninja module stuff in addition to the seven language patterns. But we have this process called word solid where we just force your linguistic to overuse these words.

So they just flow out of you okay. Yes. Does it work if the words are negated in the story well if we follow basic hypnotic principle is that your brain doesn't process negatives very well theoretically it should be no. But the truth is.

I don't know. I've never tested it if. I don't know something. I'll tell you.

But it's worth it's worth testing to find out. But these are two of the things that you know got to remember when people know you're trained in this stuff they start looking for stuff that's why. I tell my students stay away from the sexy [ __ ] in. NLP what's the sexy [ __ ] embedded commands thought binds quotes patterns these are things that are very very they were they were kind of like the thing that made.

NLP famous right. Because they were the shiny new toy from. NLP and because they're the thing that attracts most people to. NLP they're the things people learn.

First and if they know you know. NLP they start looking for it right. So. I developed a technique.

I call the red herring technique it's like if. I know somebody knows. I know stuff. I will deliberately do something badly.

So they have something to find. Then they get. So focused on looking for more of those they they miss everything else right. This is something yeah.

I. I was just thinking like what you said like when you try to explain something to someone and you do a really good job of it like when you're trying to explain a concept to somebody and you do a really good job of it. But that person is motivated to not understand they will find like the one error that you made and and say your entire thing is wrong because of that that's a meta program we can fix that usually with a club to the head. But.

So that's semantic. Prime um and again now this example is a little bit more earthy. But many many years ago maybe five or five to seven years ago back in you know when a lot of this stuff was. First being researched uh some people in the pickup and seduction.

World got a a hold of this idea called semantic priming how by the way how many people are old enough to remember a movie called. Dr. Detroit or the couch trip all right. In that movie.

Dan akroy plays an escape mental patient masquerading as a psychotherapist who has a radio show right. You guys remember that that scene if not go go rent it and why it's hysterical and one of the guys who calls into the radio show every time somebody speaks or describes something he gets aroused he automatically links sexual um feelings to whatever he goes really you get you get even when like you change the oil on your car and and of course. Acro begins to describe dropping the turning the nut lowering the crank letting the fluid and you oh and you are getting aroused on right. Interestingly enough a product came out not because of do of the couch trip butc.

But it was called the product was called sensual power words and the person who created this product was at a was at a gun range of all things with some friends and he was teaching them how to clean a gun and he noticed that as he was describing how to clean a gun the women started to get a little turned on. So he got this idea wow. I wonder if there's more to this and he started researching it he came out with a product called sexual or sensual power words. So let's say you're a romance writer or something along or you want to sex up your your emails or whatever right.

Remember sexual and sexual and reproductive topics go right. To the brain stem they go right. To the reptile brain you can literally load them up and it doesn't matter what the context is the idea is you have an inordinate number of these words in your story and it will build like nickels in a slot machine until the state engages. But because it's never obvious they don't know you did it interesting huh.

I've got your [ __ ] attention now don't. I all right. So normally. I would sign you to create six stories and use those words um.

So using behavioral template priming and semantic priming by far by the way when. I when. I watch professional speakers like the million dooll speakers this is the big one they use behavioral and semantic priming to prefrontally on a certain level and give you the actions to take that they expect you to take built within the structure of the story now the nice part about this is that because it's not quote taught in. NLP directly and it's not one of the sexy techniques even the nelp trainers nelp trainers won't catch it just like you got sucked into my version of the story right.

Even though you knew it in the. First couple minutes. I was oh. David's going to try and imprint something in us and.

Then two and a half minutes. Later you didn't [ __ ] care right. Now we can layer right. Now some of this you have to do before you deploy the story some that you can do while you're deploying the story it's best especially for beginners with this kind of stuff to do everything ahead of time because as you engineer your stories and you you architect your stories.

Then you're going to overlearn these techniques they'll become more imprinted in you. So that you can actually riff them on the fly whenever an opportunity comes your way right. In cpi1 and we'll do a little bit of it in uh in our instant conversation hypnosis class tomorrow uh we'll show you how to hardwire these things into system. So that they just flow out of you right.

We won't be able to go through every single technique. But we'll give you the methodology for that quotes patterns quotes patterns are amazingly powerful quotes patterns are basically saying something. But saying somebody else said it right. And and you know.

I was talking to my friend. Stephanie the other day and she was talking to one of the the people who'd been at our face reading workshop and they were saying you know. David's. Workshop is the most amazing experience a person could ever have and anybody who didn't go there is just stupid for not being there and.

I was really flattered by that right. It allows you to create different perspective shifts in the mind of the listener. But the more perspective shifts you take the more uh the less invasive the information seems to be. So you can say very provocative things and because you've layered it out it doesn't seem like you're telling them it doesn't seem like you're installing something.

But just like behavioral template priming the structure of what you said is imprinted underneath the content you're paying attention to and. So when the opportunity comes when the environment is right. For you to take action on it you do and you feel good about it right. And you think it's your idea which is even better right.

So again we could go deep into this. But that's one of the this is one of the sexier ones. But it's not one that a lot of people use really well. But if you can do it in writing if you can do it from the stage you're going to get a very very powerful trance effect on the people some examples my father used to tell me you don't have to control everything it's okay.

It's safe to relax right. And. I and. I thought well okay.

If he says. So. So you notice how we kind of we we we start in. First person we quote we come back to.

First person. So it's almost like an embedded command similar structure okay. My friends tell me loosen up when. I go out right.

Um. I met someone this morning and he said you look. Great today right. Sometimes you got to be careful how he hides this.

I you shift. I love this technique. I. I played with this in the in the copyrighting workshops yesterday backwards and forwards right.

And. I was talking about my my experience and. Then. I shift to the the editorial you it's like like you know sometimes you're just.

Trav you're just kind of droning through the world not looking for anything in particular not expecting to meet anyone special and all of a sudden you just come across somebody who really lights you up inside it's like for some mysterious reason everybody in the planet just got blacked out and this one. Spotlight was on this person and it was the perfect fit for you and even though you kind of resisted it at. First you kind of thought that's kind of weird after a few seconds it like like all of a sudden you realize wow. I really like this person.

I want to spend more time with them right. And maybe there's a part of you that had a little misgivings. But the longer you spend time with this person the more you realize it was one of the best decisions you ever made. I like how that can sometimes lead to some of the most amazing transformations in our life when you do that come out of [Music] train how do you ship.

I. I start talking about my experience. I use a window phrase that triggers the neuro. Association have you ever ever and.

Then. I start to describe my experience and at some point. I switch to the editorial you a generic you right. But my intention is the actual view because your neur neurons are paying attention to what.

I'm saying your conscious mind is paying attention to the content of what. I'm saying your unconscious mind is the master of nonlinear dual processing or multi-level processing. So it opens up a window it finds every every connection or or connotation of you opens up those files. CU it doesn't actually know for sure does he mean the editorial you or does he mean me the unconscious mind says well.

I can do both. So [ __ ] it. I will and it does and your conscious mind spits up to you the most context specific aspect while it's processing all the others below the threshold of conscious awareness okay. I you shift oops what time we out of here y all right.

You guys have fun we have. I know. I'm about to do the drawing we're going to have a drawing right. Um if you're interested in learning more about the different modules that we've put together and stuff like that you can go to the website and and um and check out uh oops on a.

Second we're going to do our drawing. So don't go running off you go to npower.com and uh type in that hot flash code if for some reason the code doesn't work just call us we'll give you the code no. Matter what we we'll give you the the price point no. Matter what okay.

Pick a name. Robert no. Not that one [Music] no. Especially not that one.

Robert. Knight it. I'm going to do another one let him pick it again. CU.

David robbert's the only one who's safe to pick another one if you pull your name again. I'm kicking your ass they're all the same they're all same is that what you did that one. Arthur. Jordan come on get your get your happiness see.

Stephanie let her know you won the. Mondo package and let and. I'll take that all right. For those of you who didn't win.

I apologize come to the. Next one we'll be doing another drawing tomorrow for instant conversational hypnosis uh. I also believe for those of you who care. I think there's a few more.

Mondo packages that were raffling off. So when they do the drawings auctioning off oh it's talking okay. Um. So if you guys want a shot at the at the brass ring.

U go ahead and place a bid um that being said. I did everybody have a good time. I. I used to tell my.

Meetup. Group when. I was when. I was doing actively doing meetups if you had a great time post good things to the.

Meetup. Group if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's. God bless you we'll see you. Later you guys can going.
