Title: BOD0vbWKcWg.txt
Video Id: BOD0vbWKcWg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BOD0vbWKcWg

We ended yesterday with seating or we started on seating and we're going to pick up where we left off couple of things. First a how many of you did your homework okay. How many of you have done enough of your homework that you can do your five. PS not a one of you a lot okay.

So here's what's going to happen happen we're going to cover basic stagecraft this morning. Then we're going to give you some time to work on your presentation and we're going to have you come up we're going to have you present and. Then we're going to have you start integrating the fundamentals of presentation and. Stage workk into your talk.

Then we'll. Circle back we'll pick up with seating and we'll. F we'll close that. Loop.

So to speak okay. So a couple of things we want to get off uh. I want to cover that isn't part of most stage trainings or speaker trainings that. I have taken now you'll find references to this in the book.

Power cues by. Nick. Morgan and when. I want to talk about really really quickly besides the basics of microphone stage.

Orient presentation orientation things of that nature is this idea of what. I call attention lines and. So as. I look.

At you if you can imagine a. I'm standing at the base of a triangle and everybody from wall to wall to where. Richard is is in my zone of attention what what does that mean it means those are the people who are paying the most attention to what. I'm saying the moment.

I start to walk stage left the triangle shifts and. So what happens now is these people have all the or have. I have their attention. But.

I. But. I close off this room when. I go to this side the inverse happens when.

I come off the stage the triangle flips now. Tommy. V some of you know who he is some of you don't he was one of the very well-known uh stage hypnotist came to. Hypno.

Thoughts live two or three years ago and he sat in my. I. I think it was either a law of attraction class or attractive a something he comes up to me after the training and he goes how do you keep people riveted for 3 hours and. I said.

I don't know this is how you have to remember that fractionation works with attention you see. So what am. I doing as. I'm moving smiling does do.

I have more of his attention or less when. I walk away do. I have more of his attention or less people's attention yes. Now.

I do this naturally. But when you reverse engineer and combine it with the science of it. I can keep and if. I think.

I'm losing a part of the room. I'll come right. Over right. You know when.

Richard was. First. Richard was helping me with cpi1 oh. So many years ago back when his hair was fully red uh you know.

Scott. San and one of his friends were. Manning cameras they had cameras on both sides. I was moving.

So fast they neither of them could catch me okay. Now part of that is nervous energy. But you're going to have it. So use it right.

So we're going to talk about basic blocking. First just to give you some ideas. But. I want you to keep be very very aware that there's a strategy to attention human brains like movement they like motion they like dynamism okay.

But the way you move and how you have to move changes depending on where you are in relation to that audience okay. So these are some things. I want you to think about if you don't have the book. Power acces by.

Nick. Morgan it's worth having okay. If you don't have the book. Honest signals by um.

Sandy pend. Alexander penin you should have it because both of these books are direct directly relevant to presentation directly relevant if you want to be fascinating charismatic compelling authentic persuasive if you want to hold the attention of a room you must move you must move either physically or emotionally vocally your ca your your tonalities must rise and fall there must be emotion in your voice okay. One of the worst examples of a neurolinguistic programmer um. I got.

I got to find a prop for this one by the way props work really well uh let's see here. I'll just. I'll grab somebody's manual all right. So once upon a time there was this meetup group called.

NLP today was not my. Meetup. Group it. Later became my.

Meetup. Group shortly after what. I'm about to describe to you. So.

I was asked to present and there was two or three of us that were going to present that day. So this the lady running the group was named. Tana. Russian.

Lady fully trained. Master practitioner in neur linguistic programming which you should have sent off a flag right. There right. Uh and.

So uh one guy. I guess. I got to go. First.

I forget if it was a gentleman before me or if. I went. First. But.

Anyway. So. I'm. I'm doing my presenting and.

I'm teaching about language patterns and stuff like that and. Then it's. Tatiana's turn to present now she just watched this one guy who was really. Dynamic he's actually a very good speaker and.

Then me who can't sit still for the life of me and when it's her turn to present. I need a chair actually. I'll just use this one all right. When it's her turn to present this happened hello my name is.

Tatiana and. I'm here to talk about for the. Next 35 minutes it hurt to watch okay. Um remember physical barriers equal emotional barriers it's literal physical barriers equal emotional barriers there can be no.

Emotional barriers between you and your audience okay. That's why yesterday. I talked about loving your audience thinking of your audience as one person your best friend you haven't seen it forever who who needs your help and needs your advice and you just want the best for them and you want to make sure that they have the best time humanly possible that's the attitude that's going to get you out of fear that's going to get you out of being self-conscious which is what stage fright. Is it's it's being.

So self-centered that you forget why you're there remember the people in that room came there because they see you as a solution they see you as an opportunity to make their lives better they don't see you as somebody to be ridiculed or no. Don't get don't get me wrong you'll get trolls from time to time if you're in this business long enough trolls happen right. So you have somebody play whacka troll right. But uh if you're doing any kind of public speaking any kind of.

Public. Presentation and you're worried about criticism get out of the business okay. You can always tell how successful. You.

Are by how many people are criticizing you okay. Because most of them are jealous they're desperate for attention and the more public you of a figure you become the more status you have the more valuable your attention becomes to them okay. People do all kinds of things for attention it's like a child can't get your attention the good way they'll get it the bad way right. So one of the things.

I want you to pay attention to when you're up on stage or even on the floor and you're going to feel a difference because you're going to be presenting in small groups to each other. Then you're going to be doing the same things up here and. I'm going to be kind of giving you feedback and critiquing and. I have one of the a master showman with us.

So. I'm going to have him come up and teach a few things about how he does presentation and some of the the fundamentals of it. But one of the things that we want to do is we want to eliminate barriers the farther you are away from your audience the bigger your movements must be okay. If.

I'm talking to a camera like if. I'm. I'm going to screw up. Richard's.

Zoom right. Here. But if. I'm up here and.

I'm. I'm in this intimate. Zone like in in in in a film. I can do these little tiny movements these little micro gestures and things of that nature and it'll carry into the camera right.

But if. I try to do those exact same movements here as opposed to here. So your movements have to be bigger they have to be slower your hands must describe what you're talking about and it's in that movement in that that gestural language that we can start to do some really cool. NLP tricks which we'll talk about.

Later on bandler when he's up on stage he's literally got he literally sees the entire audience like a like a control panel and. So when he's talking about this big pain making it big and putting it inside your head or talking and he's he's talking in the editorial. But he's not he's putting in his mind he's got a big picture and he just put it in your head and because the audience is filled with people with. Heartbeats and mirror neurons guess what happens a big picture goes inside your head okay.

But it's concealed within the gestures okay. NLP does well good. NLP practitioners do a lot with gestures the good ones the good ones they focus all the time on embedded commands thought binds and all the sexy that gets you caught right. So a couple of things when we're dealing with microphon and again we'll review this multiple multiple times a you never turn your back to an audience when you hold the microphone if you if you are like.

So many presenters at. Hypno. You're probably going to have a lavalier. But a lot of times you'll come to a venue and maybe all you have is a handheld and if you are planning on doing a lot of public speaking you better have your own.

AV. Equipment because the one thing you can count on is the hotel will screw it up right. Richard carries three in his van. I carry two and.

I have another one in storage and there's been several times where. I've come here and have have to help let other people use my equipment because their failed right. So you never rely on other people's stuff okay. Now that doesn't mean you can't ask him for an extension cord or something like that and also don't let other people handle your goes more goes missing from well-intentioned volunteers than anything else right.

So when you're on the stage. First and foremost you need to be rooted what does rooted mean it means. I need to be solid from the ground up. So one of the things that you can do uh how many martial artist we have in the room okay.

So if you take if you start from a a natural stance and you go to a kind of a modified back stance right. This is kind of a really good 3/4 angle it gives you depth to the audience you no. Longer are a flat picture you always want to have depth okay. When.

I move. I move in such a way that my back never goes to the audience. So if. I'm facing this direction or.

I'm facing this direction and. I want to go right. I step right. If.

I'm facing this direction. I want to go left. I step left okay. Seems counter it seems intuitive you'd be amazed how many people do this they walk right.

Across and their back is to the camera and it creates a barrier now happens on stage especially organically. But in terms of stage craft you want to always have your ventral line facing your audience if you think of the ventral line like a spotlight that's showering the audience with all the. Good. Vibes you have you never want to turn that off okay.

When. I move. I move very deliberately now you can move fast you can move slow just don't move tentatively right. You're allowed to move.

But when you stop stop if you need to move move again right. Make sense seems simple and it is. But be amazed how much you forget the moment you come up here microphone is the big one though when you use a microphone always hold it in your upstage hand take your elbow fold it and now this hand becomes like a like a stand this is one of the reasons why. I use a headset because.

I. I gesture a lot. But this happens a lot you know because we're trying to we're trying to be dramatic. But we forget that it can't hear you down here right.

So. I'm here. I'm talking now. I want to turn this way what did.

I just do. I just blocked myself didn't. I right. So if.

I need to turn this way. I switch. I need to turn this way. I switch make sense this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test all right. Um anything you want to add. Mr.

Richard your spot one okay. One up if you want it's. Sor right. Please give a big round of applause to.

Mr hypnosis the. Great and. Powerful. Sir.

Richard of. Rumble thank you.
