Title: c7LPUP9uWKw.txt
Video Id: c7LPUP9uWKw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7LPUP9uWKw

Foreign bear with me folks while. I get a little acclimated here. I'm uh trying to do multiple things at once let's see here okay. Looks like we're looks like we got this down all right.

Well welcome to my uh hump day. AMA this is. Dr. David.

Snyder and. I just wanted to uh thank you all whoever's showing up thanks for showing up uh every now and. Then. I just get the uh and get the.

Wiggles and. I just need to to hang out with some people online who want to do cool stuff with cool with uh other cool people. So uh let's see how many people kind of show up and and filter in. But um.

I don't know how long. I'll be on. But for those of you who have any questions or you know some ants things they're like hold on a. Second maybe if.

I did that that would be better there we go. I'm back here. I am in all my pink. Glory all right.

How's everybody doing tonight hey. Jill hey. Ahmad. Johnny says looks great cool there's.

Joseph welcome love the pink shirt me too. I love my pink there's. Cynthia there's. Alan.

Jay. Allen oats hi everybody there's. Conrad are all they're flooding in now oh. Central.

Florida system up system in the house yeah baby hold on a. Second my autofocus just went because [ __ ] uh see here oh it's back all right. Jay. Allen says loving the glasses cool hey while we're here while we're hanging out while we're breaking up the monotony uh halfway through the week what do you want to know about what are you going to talk about we got an amazing.

Next 24 months planned for you guys all kinds of new classes courses deeper dives into existing material um tomorrow we'll be doing a webinar free webinar class on how to reprogram your subconscious mind. So. I just kind of wanted to jump on and and uh you know hey let you know about that. But also to uh.

Joe. Burton says it takes a real man to wear pink well thank you for that. Jill every time. I dip my head really fast.

I screw up my autofocus let me see if. I can uh fix that really quick. I gotta stop being. So animated uh autofocus there we go all right.

I apologize for that um you know things happen. So. Johnny's asking. I was wondering if.

I can get if you can give your take on. Amber stones um. Johnny as is my tradition with uh amas the more specific the question the better the answer. I can give you.

So tell me specifically what you want to know about. Amber stones and. I'll. I'll try to give you as best an answer.

I can hold on a. Second foreign there oh we got 40 on here. I got 40 people on and nobody's saying anything talk to me guys what do you want to know about okay. So let's see here all right.

We got something here. Jamie. Jamie says hello. David can you give me any tips on how to get over procrastination yeah.

First thing you want to figure out is what's behind the procrastination in other words is it something you don't want to do something you're afraid to do um there's procrastination comes in different forms right. Uh and. So the. First thing is to kind of figure out what's behind it.

So most of our protocols because they deal with uh they utilize a phenomenon we call the holographic memory system or holographic nervous system starts with a very simple concept called point to where you feel it and. Then you unpack it um. So that's kind of where. I would start um if you go to the.

YouTube channel there uh there's a couple of videos for those of you suffering from procrastination there's a couple of really good videos that can help you unpack and find ways to get around procrastination one of the things we're going to and one of the things that we're going to talk about is um motivation procrastination is almost oh and it's a lot of people think procrastination is a lack of motivation and it can be. But it can also be fear it can also be the buildup of negative feelings towards a particular uh sequence. So one of the things that you want to do is you want to notice where in the body that feeling is located and you want to unpack it using the transformational. Triad.

So that's the simplest most direct forward approach other things you can do if you go to the. YouTube channel and find the video resistance removal protocol. I give a pretty in-depth treatment on this idea of resistance and another a related phenomena known as reactants uh and we give you a very specific conversational process that will help you actually find and generate your own reasons for wanting to do the thing you just said you didn't want to do okay. Um there's also a technique called the procrastination.

Blaster which is based on an old uh. Soviet sports psychology technique known as the echo magnet which is also available. I believe for free on. YouTube.

So between the procrastination. Blaster the resistance removal formula this the the three three techniques in the transformational. Triad um you should be able to. Z and the emotional bonding checklist which we'll cover tomorrow on tomorrow's webinar uh you can pretty much blow out any form of procrastination uh that you're encountering.

So there's like four or five techniques right. There right. The roots of most procrastination going back to what we call an initial sensitizing event of uh an event that happened usually very early in childhood that on the surface may seem completely innocuous. But all these other subsequent events get linked to it and if you can find a way to neutralize that.

Then all the other stuff just kind of starts to release on its own. But most people don't have that that level of training to go back and and use that level of intervention. So for people most people the transformational. Triad the resistance removal formula the emotional bonding emotional.

Innovation checklist is in the. Echo. Magnet or procrastination. Blaster are more than enough to actually blow you through through any procrastination that you're dealing with at least in the short term.

So try that and let us know how you do [Music] um see here let's see here okay. Conrad wants to know about covert anchoring okay. Conrad. What specifically do you want to know about covert anchoring uh cert.

QE wants to know about vibrational influence once again what specifically would you like to know about vibrational influence. Johnny says do you need to activate. Amber. Stones daily not to my knowledge um.

Stones do need to be activated if you're going to use them um they should probably be cleaned and reactivated periodically. But. I don't think it's necessary to do it every single day otherwise people who had crystals in their house would be going around every day like a freaking magic wand going. I activate you.

I activate you activate it's it's kind of uh you know you can you can charge them with thought forms that will run for a specific amount of time. But by and large. I think if you just if you just cleansed and re-energized or recharged or reactivated your stones uh once a week or once a month. I think you'd be fine uh let's see there's.

Alessandro. David. Orman from. South.

Central. Florida. Systema what is a quick and efficient way of learning a new language there's an app. I was introduced to uh just a few days ago.

I can't remember the name of it um. But it's it's a it's an app that allows it the gamifies the process of learning languages. I think anytime you can you can make things fun that's a great way to start. So the app.

I again. I don't. I'm sorry. I don't remember the name.

David um it was. I saw it was a brief mention on a webinar. I was on um and uh. I don't remember that.

But the other thing you can do is you can begin to use uh like a a neurofeedback device kind of or um a lightened sound machine to put you in a heightened learning. State and practice your language there you can also take the the verbiage that you want to learn the secret the specific sequences of languaging that you want to install speak them into a tape recorder and listen to them as you go to sleep at night and this will sleep program you to install and and be able to utilize and remember the languages okay. So hopefully that helps um. But anything you can do to amplify learning.

States one of the things that. I think. I think. Erickson used to do it or maybe it was bandler.

I can't remember was to regress people to a point when they were little children and their language centers were like on. Full. Tilt. Boogie um into these hyper learning.

States and again. I don't know what your hypnosis background is. So. I don't know if those are things that would be viable for you you could use the transformational.

Triad to to begin to neuro. Prime yourself or or create hyper neuroplasticity to get more of more bang for your buck. But. I think hopefully that helps you um.

Amazing. Life says. David how are you. I'm good.

Kevin. Hardy says good morning. Dr. Schneider and good morning back.

Mr hardy uh. Johnny 21 is asking what's your favorite. Stone to wear. I wear to.

Amber stoned which. I bought from. Lithuania and. I can notice a boost in my confidence can you give me any tips on how.

I can make the best use of them hmm what are you doing with them now just. So. I know just answer that question. I'll try and circle back.

Jay. Allen says do you teach in-person classes where you are are there more are they more in depth than the one oh yes. Absolutely uh how many how many veterans do we have here from planet. David who've been to our.

Live. Events can you guys speak to. Jay. Allen's uh question about the.

Live. Events is asking mine is due to my relationship everything seems to have stopped doing the meditation you gave okay. Oh okay. Uh woohoo.

David. Adrian. Martinez says welcome all right. Dirk says good afternoon from.

Hamburg very good anayas a name anayan says what is the most powerful meditation in your opinion that one can do 10 to 15 minutes in a day to get tremendous results um that's a really good question because now once again what's the result you want you see one of the pre one of the things you have to understand is that you can figure out just about about how to just to do just about anything if you know what you want you can state it clearly. So with an. Isis um not the. Last question oh yeah it is a nice question what's the quickest way to make affirmations work.

State them in the form of a question or use a cause and effect language structure uh when you say it. So for example if people want to make a lot of money right. Or want to earn a like a six-figure income for example right. Traditional affirmations would tell you uh every day.

I. I. I'm rapidly earning uh 100 000 or more a year. I am earning 100 000 or more per year.

I am learning 100 000 or more per year that's a traditional classic affirmation if you want to get the full power of your neurology behind what you're doing. Then you need to understand how the filters of your nervous system work and. So one of the most powerful ways that you can do that is to stake your affirmations using a cause and effect structure. So what is a cause and effect structure cause and effect structure would be.

X causes y or. X because y. So try this for all of you who want to do this let's use the the. I or now earned six figure um question right.

I earn. I now rapidly earn one hundred thousand dollars or more per year because as soon as you ask the because listen to what your unconscious mind fills in the blank right. I now earn a hundred thousand dollars a year because what comes up what is what pops into your head whatever that answer is that's the energy that's the information your neurology will accept okay. So take that let's do this together.

I mean we'll probably play this a little we might play with this a little bit tomorrow on the webinar just because. I want you to understand that everything your neurology does has a coding system to it and the more on code you are the more rapidly the nervous system recruits all of its resources to facilitate that outcome. So what we're using now is a is a hardwired structure into your neurology called cause and effect when. I say something and.

I put up a cause after it my brain automatically wants to fill in that blank the moment it fills in that blank that becomes the answer that will give it the greatest degree of motivation to take forward. So. I now earn a hundred thousand dollars a year because fill in the blank write it down and speak it out loud and notice what happens to the feelings in your body type that in the chat okay. So nice uh hold on a.

Second anayas is asking how can. I build unshakable confidence. Within. Myself through meditation how can.

I mention it in 10 to 15 minutes today. First of all start with your physiological your physiology control your posture control your breathing stand or sit in a physiology that uh is analogous to a high level of unshakable confidence remember a time we'll do this again again this is off y'all ask me stuff. I'm going to do on the webinar tomorrow. But here let's play with this one a little bit all right.

If you're not if you're driving don't do this all right. But if you are not driving and it's safe to do this do this okay. Oops. I gotta change my uh my camera angle here hold on a.

Second uh that's not gonna work. I'll just have to sit back a little bit more all right. So. First thing you want to do is you want to stand in a position remember the.

Last time you felt super confident all right. What did you see what did you hear what did you smell what did you taste close your eyes. And imagine what that's like when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste what's that feeling that you get where in your body does it start or does it grow where does it spread from right. Point where you feel it imagining a big ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow it fills the entire room wraps itself around you breathe it through your body and allow your body to shift into a physiology of absolute confidence absolute uncertainty right. Notice how you're standing or sitting it's always better to start by standing right. And just breathe that color through your body and every time you breathe through imagine that energy doubling and tripling in size and strength doubling and tripling and force and magnitude expand it until it begins to radiate from your body like the. Rays of the.

Sun right. And. Then um imagine that you could the energy that's beginning to radiate around you begins to spiral around your body faster and faster and faster creating a shield that seals in that confidence and reflects and deflects any negativity any um kind of a thing that might make you feel less than confident about yourself set the intention that it's going to keep running as you move through the world and move through the world in this physiology of confidence okay. Now if you do that for 10 to 15 minutes two or three times a day.

I promise you things are going to change right. Now. I could. I could give you all the.

Mechanics for why that works. But the bottom line is you don't need to know any of that [ __ ] for this to work for you right. But every time you want a state all you have to do is name the state and remember a time in your life when you felt that way how you were standing in that moment how you were breathing in that moment. Let the.

Body feeling come back turn it into a color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your body and just soak in it okay. This is a really powerful very quick and easy way that you can begin start programming your state behavior that gets rewarded or gets reinforced gets repeated and that's what we want to do right. It's like building muscle memory um. I'm gonna put this down a little bit more.

I'm playing with my table here for different heights uh let me see what else is in my question and answer session here oops that was good the way it was never mind that's good [Music] um no. I liked it the other way. I'm. So indecisive today.

I was. So. I was kind of torn whether to jump on today or not because. I have a big webinar tomorrow and uh.

But. I was just like. I was just jonesing to get out in front of you guys and just say hi and and hang out and do cool stuff. So you're stuck with my uh my neediness right.

Now okay. Um let me just scroll back up here. David says uh thank you you're welcome. Jill says persuading someone that's resistant to hear what you have to say uh.

Jill. I referenced the videos. I said earlier the resistance removal formula the emotional bonding and motivation checklist um those are going to be super powerful for getting people to want to do the things they just told you they don't want to do okay. Um you also might want to look.

Into. Echo technique softening uh which is part of our our language training that we do okay. And and of course reframe train training which um we'll talk a little bit about that on the webinar tomorrow uh. La.

Vega. Des solar says which results. I don't know which ones. I don't know what that means to be here right.

While. I was teaching you guys stuff like. I missed. So many questions.

I gotta go back over them now and look. At them uh let's see here danke says healing faster learning languages equals. NLP. HMR and removing unconscious blocks limiting relation to learning okay.

That was just a helpful comment clarineta says. David can you tell us how guided hypnosis helps to manifest can. I tell you how guided hypnosis helps to manifest well there's no. Doubt with saying if we bring about what you think about and.

So one of the. Prime directives of your unconscious mind is to actually make your external reality match your internal one. So any changes that you install in your inner. Universe in your inner world your unconscious mind begins to manipulate its perceptions and the behaviors that result from that to bring about the external reality that mirrors what you've created inside that in a in a very you know 50 000 foot view is how hypnosis is used for manifestation right.

Everything we do as a hypnotist is a form of manifestation it's about transformation and manifestation um. So. So hopefully that helps um. Jacob.

Bonner yo what is going on it's been a while since. I could watch one of your videos welcome back. Jacob right. On uh.

Conrad says an influence for a positive beneficial outcome health related okay. Um now. I have to go up and look. At your.

First question. So. I can get the context for the. Second question covert anchoring okay.

So if you if you're looking for okay. For influence covert anchoring is really simple the. First thing that most people don't understand about anchoring is that you have to have an intention to anchor anchors are something that are set more by intention than by what you do with your physical body okay. So if you're gonna covertly anchor.

Then what you need to do is you need to name a subject or a topic describe it vividly. So that people start to feel the body feelings that you want them to have and. Then you have to make a deliberate use a deliberate tonality uh physical action keyword what have you to link the feeling you've just created to the trigger word now what the secret of this is you've got to do it multiple times. So you can't just say you can't just talk about you know like for attraction for example an incredible connection you can't just talk about it once uh and.

Link it to a self point or something and expect it to really have a lot of power you've got to cycle them through that at least three times and. Then you have something that you can work with okay. I don't know what your background is as far as anchoring skills go. So.

I have to keep it very very general certainly we we teach these things in our upcoming. NLP class and you can learn the whole ins and outs of overt and covert anchoring because you should know how to do overt anchors before you start playing with covert anchors you really can't you can't do well without that it's like learning it's like learning hypnotic language if you can't competently consistently hypnotize another human being without using hypnotic language. Then you're not going to be very good at it using hypnotic language because all hypnotic language does is amplify what you've got right. And.

So the more the more core your skill sets are the easier these other things are and the more more bang you get for your buck. Susan says the app is. Duolingo also there are podcasts and videos thank you. Susan appreciate that.

Joseph. Christian says what about procrastination with making money okay. What specifically about procrastination with making money are we talking about here's the thing you understand most of the reasons why people don't take an action on something boil down to two basic broad categories one they don't want to and. B they don't want to okay.

The question is why don't they want to well most of the time it's fear. But the other half of that is skill set and here's how you make the distinction between them is my problem a mindset issue or a skill set issue if you know the exact steps to take and the order in sequence to take them and when to take them. But you're simply not doing it you've got a mindset issue if you're chomping at the bit to get started you would start yesterday if the opportunity presented itself. But you don't have the.

First clue what that looks like or where to begin or where to start or how to recognize that opportunity you got a skill set problem one often masquerades or is confused with the other if you have the exact if you know the exact steps to take and you're and where to take them and with who to take them with and you're just not doing it that's mindset that's you being afraid of not getting something or becoming something you don't want to be okay. That's really what it comes down to. But if all those other things are true you know where to do it when to do it who to do it with how long to do it it's not a skill set issue anymore it's a mind it's a it's a mindset issue right. So.

I hope that helps. So. Jacob says uh. I'm trying to get very wealthy and.

I need to know everything you know about hypnosis in every way and. I also will need to know everything you know well. Jacob here's my bro here's my advice start showing up if you want everything. I got we've got about.

I've got a a very elite level coaching program we call them the mega platins and they're literally on a lifetime plan with me. So they literally have access to me for the rest of my natural life uh or theirs and they are entitled and and will get access to everything um that. I have it is not as obviously as you can imagine it's not a cheap program um. But believe it or not we actually do have uh people here in fact.

Liz. G right. Below you there is uh one of my new. Mega platinums say hi.

Liz um see here. Michelle. Shaw hello from. Corpus.

Christi hello back. Liz says nothing else like a live event very powerful. Johnny says. I don't really do much to the stones other than charging them okay.

Um well. I know one of the reasons that. Marcel became. So good was because he binge watched my videos for most of his life one time.

I showed up on one of his. Clubhouse podcasts and he saw my name was like oh my. God oh my. God this is like.

Julius. Erving visiting a rookie. I'm paraphrasing a little bit. But that's what he said uh let's see here.

Jay uh. Alan goats anything in person is much more incredible uh how do you compare the connection with the ocean compared to the trees in the forest again very vague question. Johnny don't know what you're asking me there bud okay. Um.

Alessandra says. I keep getting stuck in memories about my ex. I feel like my life doesn't compare to that relationship. I think this is stopping me from finding a new relationship point to where you feel it ask yourself if it's okay.

To let it go magic frame it move it behind you energy spin it and color breathe it and you should be good to go what did. I just say in other words transformational. Triad guaranteed you'll be moving on faster than you can you can say okay. But in goal of the past is really easy when you apply the transformational.

Triad if you don't if that still doesn't work for you. Then you go into the resistance removal protocol and. Then you do the transformational try it again that doesn't work find someone skilled in regression and regress to cause and find out why you're really holding on to those memories or that or or that relationship that's beyond what you think because when something will not go away it's it's the the that thing is never the real problem there's something deeper and regression helps you find that. But usually you can nuke just about everything with the transformational.

Triad and nice. I want to build unshakable okay. We already did we ever talked about that okay. Robin says.

I now earn over a hundred thousand dollars a year because. I enjoy doing whatever. I want whenever. I want what happens to your neurology like when you did that what happened all right.

Maybe. I'm a little bit behind here healing is. Mastermind okay. Yeah.

The. Mastermind is this. Saturday guys for those of you who are interested we do have um an online mentoring program it gets together on the. Third.

Saturday of every month it is available through our. YouTube channel you have to sign up at the diamond level and you'll receive a zoom invitation to come in uh from 11. A.M to about 4. P.M.

Pacific and we will literally um boot camp you on the skills you need uh to move a lot forward in life. So [Music] um okay. Martin. Communications is asking.

I'm not asking this from a disparaging intention rather one of curiosity you seem like you actually use these techniques why are. So many legit. NLP teachers and hypnosis teachers overweight keep in mind that. I can only speculate.

I'll give you several possibilities a they don't care about their weight that's that's probably the the most the the easiest one to figure out that's just not one of their values um the. Second one would be is they don't want to deal with their own stuff and. So that excess body weight is the the um the equivalent of body armor okay. Um.

Third is they're very they just lead a very hedonistic lifestyle they they're more focused on the benefits of you know collecting fees and giving people certifications. But in. Martin you know to just kind of flip the script on that here's the thing. I want.

I want you to kind of there's a presupposition in your languaging that. I think. I'd like you to think about if you're not you have a presupposition or a value or belief that uh to be a legitimate neuro-linguistic programmer or trainer you need to be height weight proportionate um and. I.

I want to suggest that perhaps that's your own value that you're imposing on those other trainers there's quite a few there's a couple of trainers out there who. I deeply respect who aren't the skinniest people in the world. But if you're if you're coming from it with the the presupposition that somebody who has their [ __ ] together on a neuro-linguistic level should be height weight proportionate they should be the epitome or the embodiment of you know perfect. Behavior perfect health again those are expectations that are probably not going to serve you um in the long run.

But you have the right. To them. I just wanted to point them out to you uh just. So you don't kind of shortchange yourself on getting some quality training from people because they don't fit your template you know your physical template perfectly judge judge the people that you train with by the students they produce and what you see them actually do right.

It's very easy and there's a there's a very strong bias and and pretty it started in our culture. But it's probably been in every culture uh that people who are overweight are sloppy or um you know they don't care about their appearance or and that there's some truth to that. But it's not certainly not true for everyone uh and. So.

I would be very careful making that generalization right. Judge the people by what they do and how that compares to what you want to be able to accomplish now if you're someone who has a weight problem for example and you want to use. NLP to to fix that problem and the people that you're you're being presented with are all overweight um now you have a legitimate you know you have a legitimate you know basis for your your presupposition you know because obviously you want you know you're going to emulate what you you expose yourself to. So.

I think it's important when you are a trainer when you are a coach. I'm speaking editorially now. I think it's really important that you embody the the avatar of what you teach. I think you should be a product of the technologies that you teach.

So. I've booked. I've. I'll be honest with you.

I've. I've battled with weight all my life and hypnosis. NLP have been as well as energetics have gone a long way in helping me to figure out the emotional reasons behind why. I was generating those behaviors a lot of it was just crappy upbringing.

But a lot of it was you know substituting food for love food for. Comfort um those kinds of things a lot of people in the. NLP. World unfortunately don't seem to really want to use their techniques on themselves which is kind of sad to think about it.

But uh you know like. I could talk for hours about what. I think about the. NLP community and.

I love anybody anybody who. Endeavors to learn. NLP um it should be you know it it's not a it's a deep it's a deep study if you want to do it well it doesn't have to be as hard as most trainers make it for sure um. But a lot of them just don't use this stuff on themselves right.

Because a lot of it is hard to do on yourself without a certain. FL you know there's certain modalities or methodologies that we use for using this stuff on yourself that a lot of people don't have. So that's as far as. I'm going to go with it.

So. Joseph says. I've been given opportunity. So it's mindset okay.

Great now what you want to do is you want to elicit your values and what's important about going for it you want to use resistance removal to generate your own reasons for going forward you want to use the transformational. Triad to dissolve the resistance and you want to use the procrastination. Blaster to motivate yourself to take immediate action all of that material is available for free on our. YouTube channel okay.

Okay. [Music] um okay. So bloot is asking how do you deal with guilt or low self-esteem the same way you deal with any emotion um you gotta understand something that emotions are something that we generate on the spot okay. And be and no.

Matter what kind of emotion we're generating it has a structure to it and once you understand that structure and how the system creates it you can go in and change it. So if you have guilt um hold on a. Second let me scroll back up here um. So again if you want to deal with guilt low self-esteem.

First. First line of attack is going to be the transformational. Triad okay. Damian.

Bravo what can you comment on the. Avery training by. Chase use. What specifically do you want me to comment on.

Damien you can give me a better question okay. Antron. Petty hey. Dave do you have dates for live events for 2023 thank you sir we have a few dates set there you can get those at uh.

David. Snyder nlp.com oops forward slash events um there will be more as we get the uh the contracts for the venue set uh let's see here medium star readings by. Mary. V transformation of what transformational.

Triad three techniques in the transformational trial you have magic frame energy spinning and color breathing these are three of the most powerful fastest working techniques that. I've run across they have literally shrunk tumors in minutes they've changed people's remove pain and phobias in as little as 90 seconds and when you use them as in a systematic way there isn't much that you can't actually remove right. Unless they're unless what you're getting rid of isn't the actual problem and even. Then a lot of times it'll it'll take care of it uh.

Liz. G says regression from. Dr. David was freaking powerful yeah it was okay.

Joe nodar says hey. David are there any resources on how to create more. Jing and. Shen yes.

Um. Elias could you finish the part on how to make our subconscious accept affirmations once we find the cost yes. I said it a couple of times already. But.

So you said let's say for example uh you want to be more confident you might say every day in every way. I'm work. I'm becoming more confident because and. Then just listen to what your inner voice says and whatever the.

First thing is that pops up write that down okay. Um and. Then speak it out loud and notice what happens to the feelings in your body it's really simple it's called a stem question and it uses what we call a cause and effect structure that forces your neurology to generate an internal reason for why something is possible desirable and going to happen that because there's. I could spend a whole day unpacking because right.

Um there's a video somewhere here on. YouTube called the 21 most powerful words in the human language if you find that video there's a link in the comments section that if you if you click that link it'll take you to a special um opt-in form that will sign you up for my newsletter. But it will send you the. PDF of the 21 most powerful words in human language and you'll learn all about cause and effect in that.

PDF it'll teach you everything you need to know and you understand why that particular structure for doing affirmations is. So powerful oh. Alora says hit the like button to show your support everyone thank you. Elora.

I am. So bad at asking for likes and stuff like that if you guys could just like and share and and spread the word that would be. So helpful. I got to get in the habit of doing that.

So if you guys catch me not asking for likes because. I'm new to that whole ask for the like and share thing just like put it out there for me okay. Help me help help me help you help me uh. So.

Martin says wow thank you you're right. Thank you. David you're welcome my friend how long should you do the affirmations for daily and how many beliefs can you work with at the same time you can do it um until you don't want to do it anymore uh. But the secret is what what's going to happen though when you do use this affirmation structure you're going to get pumped and you're going to get pumped up really fast most people by the time they hit five to ten of these affirmations they're like they're vibrating okay.

It's it's a very very different phenomenon an experience than doing the classic rote affirmations because it's harnessing and stimulating the power of your nervous system um and. So what you do is you you build that up and. Then you take immediate action you figure out one thing one thing that you can do to start moving that process forward you know it might be you know reading a book. It might be um drawing a plan.

But there's you got it you gotta follow that you've got to let your unconscious mind know that you're serious about this by the actions that you take. So as soon as you've got that pump going and you might want to figure this out before you do the affirmation. So that you already have mapped out in your mind sequence of tasks that you want to do do the affirmations set it and forget it take the and and do the steps and notice that you start to what will happen is you won't want to stop you'll start looking what else can. I do what else can.

I do what else can. I do right. Because the hardest part is starting. So you want to have as clear a path of tasks that you can do um readily available is this helpful does that is this useful let me scroll back up here dream your love says how to make my energy invisible um dream you're gonna need to elaborate on that what do you mean by make your energy invisible to.

Door 117 says. David how do you look. So naturally sexy today. I practice a lot when.

I'm alone. Sun. Peach 321 initiation in your hermetics may. I ask you if you followed the book.

In-depth. I.E there's the suggestion of eye bath by dunking head in water boiled night before um. I've never. I've never done that.

So. I can't really comment on it um. But. I use.

I use. Barton's work consistent. I've used it consistently for almost 15 or 20 years and it's a great manual when you have a question about something um that's a especially if in your personal practice you can you can usually find the answer in that. First book.

And if it's not in the. First book. It's for sure in the. Third book.

Um. I don't spend a lot of time on the. Second book. Because.

I don't. I'm not into invoking spirits and evoking although my my energy training now and my my metaphysical training is starting to move in that direction um it's not something that. I. I advocate a whole lot.

So the. First and. Third books to me are my bread and butter when it comes to a. European.

Western hermetic approach to working with these. Natural. Forces um. But the short answer is.

I've never used the eye bath thing. So. I can't comment on it one way or another. But if you know if you have competent um you know people around you give it a shot and and see and put back what happens uh medium star reading says.

Ah okay. Thank you. I did go over your magic frame yesterday good uh uh we have. Naya says.

Where can we find the transformational. Triad video. I'm a new subscriber to. David type in instant emergency pain relief or um how to release or how to get rid of emotional pain most of what you want should be on those videos um that's a good place to start um man.

I didn't. I did that and didn't want to go to bed it was 5. A.M are you talking about the affirmations all right. Cool uh.

Sun. Peach 321 is asking image cycling distinguishable feeling between practice and. Hyper cycling such as the image no. Longer being visible and screen that's supposed to happen what will happen is when you start cycling the images you'll be able to track them at a certain speed.

But as you start to pick up speed you'll start dropping images and. Then every and sometimes what happens they'll start coming up in different orders just keep speeding it up at some point the images will. Disappear. Completely.

But you'll still feel like something is happening. I call that going into hyperspace have you ever watched like. Star. Wars where they're they're zipping along at sub light speed and.

Then they go into. Hyper. Speed there's that little membrane that they pass through and. Then for all intents and purposes they're gone from normal space that's kind of what happens in the image cycling process you start cycling and cycling and cycling and cycling and assuming you've you've taken the time to use the loading phase where you've written out everything you want three degrees and meditated on it for five minutes each for each of your entries all that stuff is already embedded in your neurology.

So as you cycle it faster and faster and faster you're just speeding up the vibration and going into that hyperspace non-local. Universe where we can impregnate the. Akasha with those causes. So it's very normal um for you to lose track of the the images that's that's actually supposed to happen um anayas has asked oh wait.

David could my fatigue be in part built up energy yes. Uh in fact in your case it probably absolutely is you probably need to do more physical exercise and a lot more energy clearing uh you should probably get a good. Qi regulator as well. I would go to a licensed herbalist for something like a xiao-san or you know rambling powder type of an herb herbal formula that's probably a really good mugwort is actually a good blood mover.

So anything that will move the blood is also moving the chi. So um. So yeah a lot of times too much energy can can masquerade as not having enough or fatigue um anias is asking very weird and off topic question daily what are your thoughts on. God and what do you think happens after death um after death after you drop the body your astral body moves to the vibrational level that it achieved during your life stays there until it dissolves at which point your soul goes back up to your your soul group and.

Then you start you from there you debrief and. Then you decide when it's time to come back you choose the circumstances of your. Next life your soul creates a spiritual body which pulls together the elements from the astral and energetic plane that creates an astral shell and. Then your astral shell pulls together the components of the five elements in this realm that creates a physical body and poof you incarnate that's what.

I think happens probably way more information than you wanted. But that's what. I think happens uh let's see here uh. Martin what's the most effective way to acquire a deep desire to do something you currently find painful resistance removal protocol and the emotional motivation checklist with those two things you can turn anything you want into something you're salivating to get over with or get done okay.

It's really really simple well again these are actually things we'll be talking about tomorrow on the webinar we'll show you how to take it even further. Benjamin is asking what is the. Third book. Called.

I've heard of burden's. First two. First book. Is initiation aromatic.

Second book. Is magical and vocation and evocation. Third book. Is keys to the true.

Kabbalah now. I suggest that if you're going to go to the. Third book. You only read the.

Third book. For informational purposes because if you can't do the exercises in. Barton. Barton's.

First book. You're not going to be able to do anything with the information in the. Third book. Everything is sequential.

So if you you need to develop the attributes and the skill sets. So that you can apply it to kabbalism okay. So again go back to the. First book.

And spend most of your life on the. First book. Okay. Sonpeace says thank you.

So much. Dr. Schneider you are very very welcome. Lawrence.

Liberty says. I have too many thoughts what can. I do to calm my mind. So.

I can get to sleep. First of all do the transformational. Triad color breathing is going to be very useful for that the other thing you can do is move your mind to the soles of your feet and imagine a big magnet pulling all of your energy down to the soles of your feet and what will happen is one of the reasons that we have trouble going to sleep at night is that um we have too much energy up in our heads and. So we're cycling.

So we want to take that energy move it down to the soles of our feet keep our minds in the soles of our feet as our eyes. Start to and as we start as we more and more of our energy moves down and migrates down there we'll start to get sleepier and. Then just allow yourself to not off to sleep okay. Um let's see here my daughter is on the floor.

Next to me laughing as it said some of my answers. So uh let's see here thank you. So much. Dr.

Schneider you are welcome the amazing. David. I got a question do you have any great recommendations for learning erotic hypnosis yes. [Laughter] um better question better answer uh.

Joe nodar is asking hey. David is secret orgasm tips two and three available yes. And no. And let me explain that secret for those of you who have never heard of secret orgasm tips it was my very.

First um debut in terms of teaching people how to get the life they want the way they wanted it was a course designed to teach any man or woman how to be the other partner's perfect lover the. First time they were together. I originally developed this system for me not for you and. I used it to become one of the top attraction and pickup artists of 2005 as voted by uh are the art of approaching at seductionlair.com when.

I released that program. I mentioned levels. I released level one of the system and. I talked about two and three in the course.

But. I never released them as a course after about three or four years um. I realized. I needed to make good on that promise.

So what. I did was. I called my you know at that time. I had a handful of really.

Advanced students and. I brought them in for a weekend. Workshop. I.

I hired somebody to come in and be my assistant and. I taught the entire system from the secret orgasm tips material up to all the all the the digital stimulation techniques the orgasm techniques um the hypnotic techniques the entire system for giving absolute pleasure and conditioning with pleasure. I taught it all in an entire weekend and we videotaped that course and it became known as the unlimited lover course and. So the that is available if you if you reach out to.

Stephanie at. NLP power and ask for the unlimited. Lover video training program that's the entire system. Okay.

So that's what we did okay. Uh let's see here uh. So and is. Maine is asking.

So this is a life that. I chose for myself where can. I read more on this start with journey of. Souls journey of souls based on my teachers the people.

I study with who have access to all of these closed door trainings uh. I think his name is. Newton. Michael.

Newton hold on a. Second um. Michael. Newton got it right.

Um in his over 7 000 past life regressions he actually started to explore what happens between the lines and when the people that. I study with uh got a hold of that book. They were like oh my. God he nailed it this is exactly what happens.

So if you want to get a pretty good picture of what has been scientifically through research and and it's over 7 000 past life regressions uh that's a good place to start if you take that and you contrast it or you you cross-reference that with the information that. Barton gives you in initiation into her medics um you'll start to see some correlations right. So that's a good place to start anias and what if my life has a lot of suffering. I chose suffering for myself why didn't.

I choose a happy life. Anais it's very simple if you'd chosen a happy life you wouldn't have learned anything. Brent. Baum calls this particular.

Incarnation where we all inhabit trauma. School. Earth and this is one of the things that that you know you can accept it or not this universe this. Dimension that we inhabit in a physical form we chose the body that we have the parents that we incarnated into to give us opportunities to overcome things to extrapolate learnings to evolve if you're born into a happy life what's it going to teach you it's not going to teach you anything okay.

Now underneath all the layering and all the energetic masks and stories and things like that is your true self right. That. Eternal. Soul that knows why you did everything why you made all the choices you make and the choices you're going to make in the future.

But it's just a spectator it's observing you right. And. So a lot of our work we talk about. Ming or golden path a lot of our work here in this plane is getting back to that original face getting back to becoming bonded to that sore that.

Soul being that we are and seeing the life that we live from that perspective the byproduct of that as you migrate towards that soul level you gain more and more power you gain more and more ability to change reality uh because you realize there is none. I know it sounds kind of weird. But yeah again remember that the things that you're encountering positive or negative are designed to give you choices to give you experiences that allow you to evolve right. Nothing in your life is wasted nothing in your life is meaningless nothing in your life um inevitably means what you think it means there's always a higher level of.

Higher. Learning another understanding a different perspective to take and that's a big piece of transforming your reality okay. And part of our problem is attachment we get too attached to things and that's where a lot of our suffering comes from. Buddha had it right.

We just didn't want to believe it the door 117 is asking does the astral body dissolve faster or slower when you have vibrational balance generally speaking the more balanced and equal and equilibriated the astral body is the more the more durable it is the more durable it is and that's actually if you look. At. Barton's work that's a lot of your work is to uh tonify balance and harmonize that astral body um. So you can you can do more with it in fact a lot of your.

Taoist teachings are all about that too is about generating an energy body that can basically. Last indefinitely or just be able to to move through different vibrational planes at will there are practices for that it's just most people will never get them. So the good news is you'll all get there eventually one way or another it just goes with the access to the teachings now will tend to get there faster because they have access to the teachings let's see here what if my life has a lot of stuff you know. I think.

I've already answered that okay. Um uh no. That's not to me okay. Is it ethical to play.

NLP in sales depends. Oscar. Alvarez is asking is it ethical to play. NLP in sales it depends and this is what it depends on a are you deceiving the customer in any way can you in fact deliver on the promises that you keep in such a way that the client feels they've gotten what they asked for right.

If you can answer yes. To those three questions. Then it is ethical to use. NLP in a sales presentation if the answer to any one of those questions is no.

Then it is not and it would be unethical whether you're using. NLP or not. So hopefully that helps you. Jill says.

I still can't understand why. I chose this life it's been rough you're right. Nobody here has it easy nobody here's where we're all the same and we're all different we've all experienced the same things anger fear sorrow guilt rage betrayal jealousy. Envy we've all experienced them we're all experiencing them on a daily basis in some form or another the only thing that changes is the story that led us to those feelings and emotions all of us are special because none of us are special.

But when you look. At the person you've become and you look. Back on those experiences what did they teach you what lessons did you get from that experience right. And what's good about that right.

You know there's a. I forget what famous philosopher uh said this and. I'm probably going to mangle the quote. But they.

But it basically said the unexamined life isn't worth living. So when you look. At your life experiences even the ones that bring you pain. First of all if it's still bringing you pain if you haven't fixed you haven't cleared it yet.

So a lot of times the lessons that you need to learn are behind the pain you have to transform the pain. So you can get to the lesson and that's how you know one of the. Hallmarks of uh true change work like when you do the transformational. Triad or the color breathing exercise or the spinning what happens a lot of times is as that energy is released from your three bodies you have this spontaneous reframe or this spontaneous.

Epiphany. But oh my. God that's why that happened or that's why this this that's what why. I was doing that is behind the feelings.

But human beings because we're operating mostly for from our animal. Consciousness the animal. Consciousness runs towards what feels good and away from what feels bad right. Mentally physically emotionally spiritually we run away from what feels bad the self-evolving human one who understands that you're here to learn things that you want to get on that the the self-actualizing human who wants to get on the fast track to becoming the best version of yourself at some point they realize that in order for them to evolve the fastest and the most pervasively they have to run as enthusiastically and passionately towards the things that make them want to run away as they do towards the things they want to run towards because your greatest moments of growth your greatest moments of empowerment are behind the things that make you want to run away.

I think the. Chinese said it probably one of the best ways and it and it mirrors our. Neuroscience hand and glove the urge to quit is greatest right. Before you're about to succeed the urge to quit is greatest strongest right.

Before you're about to succeed right. We all go through these. Long. Dark.

Nights of the. Soul where everything seems against us people hate us the people that you know my job blew up uh fallen off my diet wagon we all go through these. Long. Dark.

Nights of the. Soul understand that there's a purpose and it's not to punish you it's to teach you about yourself and the world that you live in all that's necessary in those moments is to just keep going just put one foot in front of the other and when you get to the other side of it and you look. Back you'll say holy [ __ ]. I'll either never do that again or wow.

I didn't know. I could do that right. It's all about lessons and empowerment and again you can't have one without the other we would like to we would like it to be that way. But for everything you get in this world there's going to be a sacrifice those sacrifices by the way are almost always something that's causing you pain and ego okay.

Um. Deepak one. PD says that love from. India.

Love. You. Back. India.

Namaste baby uh. Cerberus says you can read a lot by what's in the grocery cart of her reading choices okay. I don't know what that's about uh let's see here let me see here the grocery store in the library work well for me. Diego uh.

Century says you mentioned hold on a. Second. I gotta scroll up a little bit. I'm sorry is this useful by the way.

I know. I'm behind on the chat um. But. I'm trying to make sure that.

I don't leave anybody out. I know some of you. I kind of fell through the crack do. I think time exists only in my mind.

Danielle is asking um this world's not supposed to be in harmony. Danka this world is a place where you have to create. Harmony out of it okay. Again you you gotta see the big picture here you're still seeing it from the the perspective of the the the the.

PO or the animal consciousness right. There's a there's a plan and. Then and if you and again if you get in contact with your soul your. Eternal.

Soul and your soul family you'll start to understand that big picture and everybody's big picture is a little bit different okay. Um most people when they come to me by the way they're not coming to me uh for lessons in cosmology and uh you know where do. I go after. I die most people don't don't have those questions they want to know how to get laid how to make more money how to stop feeling bad how to remove blocks to their success right.

Ironically the tools for doing all of those things are the same tools which drives people crazy till they realize it's true um. But lately. I've noticed a trend in in our community towards these metaphysical applications and things like that. So.

I'm much more willing to talk about them than. I used to um mostly because. I had some experiences when. I was very young that in strongly motivated me to just lock all this information up behind a door and never talk to the general public about it again.

So for those who've been around 12 years you know how reticent. I've always been to move beyond anything that has to do with language patterns or. Rapport skills or therapy. So.

I don't know somebody here needed to know that. I don't know why. Sun. Peach is saying you mentioned soul group would this suggest to the beliefs that we incarnate with other specific.

Souls into the physical plan repeatedly yes. And no. The idea behind. Soul groups or.

Soul families is that your soul is vibrating at a specific frequency and there are other. Souls vibrating at that frequency that form a family of like a family unit or a soul group and. So what happens is when you incarnate you come you come down here you you take on a body you go through life lessons that again you have complete freedom to do with what you want you can make choices that lower your vibration keep you the same or raise your vibration if you raise your vibration. Then when you drop this body and you you go back to your soul family you actually don't go back to that.

Soul family you go to another. Soul family that has a higher vibration and. Then you're welcomed and you're loved and you're supported and you're cared about right. That's where all that.

Heavenly stuff is in your soul group where you're loved supported there's no. Anger there's no. None of that stuff is there right. The way.

I was taught all that stuff is down here because this is where we need to learn and grow from. So we can raise our vibration and. Then when we go back we go back at a higher level. So that eventually we become the guardian angels and the helping spirits to help our younger brothers and sisters to evolve that's the ideology that that was taught to me alongside of the magical practices and things of that nature.

So there are three types of people there are the. Black magicians of the world they're the gray magicians of the world and the. Saints or the white magicians of the world the gray ones are the ones who are awake they know how the [ __ ] works and they're just here to have fun in the video game sometimes they do good stuff sometimes they do selfish stuff that's okay. You can be gray.

I love gray 50. Shades of. Gray in fact you can be. Pure.

White where everything you do is about service to the continual or service to a group of individuals and of course the black the. Black magicians or the the dark hats as you want to think about it all they care about is themselves they want to just breed as much chaos and control as humanly possible right. So. But if it's all the same you all have a soul you all have choices you all have access to different levels of abilities it's the choices you make with what you have that defines at what vibration you're going to go up to when you drop the body and where you're coming back from okay.

Um that's a little bit probably more of a drawn out answer than people wanted. But that's kind of where how it works. So. Cerberus the grocery store in the library work well for me.

Diego. I don't know what that's about. I have no. Idea where that came from oh what's the best place to find women who want to date okay.

Then uh let's see here. King. Titan. I've learned over the past six years to pay attention how.

I feel and not. So much what. I think. I'm almost 50 and start with my journey six years ago very good.

Joe. Burton says yes. I agree my stories have changed from the victim stance to now one where. I'm a lot more compassionate although the pain is still there great you're on your way.

Jill now just get rid of the pain and you and and that. Journey starts with the transformational. Triad if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. Um.

Diego assessing thank you. Cerberus anayas. I'm in the same place at. Jill the.

King. Titan says it's been painful at times. But always moving forward even in pain yes. Remember nothing no.

Experience this is important really it really is no. Experience that you've had in this life no. Book. That you've read no.

Course that you've taken is wasted everything counts and everything means more than you think it does until it means a lot less than you think it does right. That's a very weird. Paradox. But as you evolve and you start learning to let things go the things that were important to you that you thought were.

Irreplaceable that you couldn't live without goes away and. So you you appreciate having these things and you can let them go appreciating that you had it and that's a virtue that you develop as you work within your three bodies see here see here hold on a. Second how long do triggers. Last.

Jennifer. I don't know what that means you can ask a better question and give you a better answer cat. G uh at the door 117 if all that stuff was in the void it can't be a void and avoid oh. God now they're playing on words in my group.

I'm the star of the show dammit uh let's see here uh. Susan. I've noticed a distinct shift in the group such as it is the private amas and also in what you're talking about in terms of energetics and more spiritual stuff it's all good okay. Cool.

Roland are demons real and are they evil yes. They're real and by our standards and our perspective they are very evil okay. Uh let's see. Jill awesome.

Jennifer says are there common words in in. NLP of trance like plant seeds happiness alone if you're in trans can someone plant seeds in your subconscious okay. I don't understand the. First part of that sentence.

But. I can tell you that if you are in trance someone yes. Yes. Someone can plant seeds in your unconscious in fact most.

Spiritual. Beings can do that catchy says sorry kinda okay. Whatever that means. SD says surprised to see this hump day.

AMA well. I aim to please okay. Um. So.

Diego says. I've been in pain for the. Last relationship how can. I erase pain move on and find a new love a point to where you feel it.

B. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is write the lessons on the screen does this sound familiar. Magic.

Frame start with the magic frame energy spin it color breathe it and. Then use the resistance removal formula to clean up any. Last vestiges of it and. I think you'll find pretty quickly that space opens up in your mind and in your heart for something better okay.

You're going to find that the the quick and easy answer that. I'm going to give you for all the crop that's bothering you physically mentally emotionally spiritually is going to come down to the transformational. Triad and notice. I said spiritually because.

I literally. I have this on video. I've literally helped people remove curses using the transformational try it it's in my it's in if you are a member of our. Diamond level group uh.

Last month's. Mastermind. I had a guy that had a curse put on him and his his life had been just going to [ __ ] and. I said point to where you feel it.

I hit him with the magic frame he came on just. Last uh the. Last. AMA and said his life is completely different right.

There's a way that again it actually all makes sense from the big picture. But um there isn't much you can't fix if you understand the structure of how these things are created um. Joe says is it better to use words symbols or pictures when image cycling ideally symbols and pictures are better um. But you have to do the loading part.

So the more the more you load and a positive emotion and connect it to the symbol the more impact it's going to have. So how do you get rid of or break triggers again transformational. Triad point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you start there and. Then you go into one of the three techniques and you just cycle through them depending on what you feel is appropriate okay.

CM yes. I'm finding placing too much importance on something brings into in balancing forces. King. Titan says you made my day.

David these teachings are invaluable. I decided one day. I was going to move forward in this magical way to if not help this life. But my.

Next one thank you you are welcome my friend use the tools use them well do well by doing good once you've used them to change your life you're now qualified to help other people use them to change their lives share it spread it pay it forward and because. I'm becoming better at the. YouTube thing remember to like and share this video like and share my daughter's laughing because she grew up with this [ __ ] [ __ ] and she uh you know she's like liking shares everything right. Uh let's see here that's not what it is.

Dennis sentinela are you. David are your best days over no. No. My best days are not over um.

I'm actually hold on a. Second and trumpet hey. Dave. I'm a.

Christian by faith. So my theological beliefs differ will this affect my ability to use and master. NLP. No.

No. In fact um you can integrate your. Christian uh approach into. NLP and make it even more powerful.

I've actually trained and am training currently in. Christian mysticism which is the inner door teachings of the. Christian faith. I'm.

I'm again. I have access to things that have just most people wouldn't or things find me that most people wouldn't there's absolutely nothing in the. NLP technology that goes against what you learn in. Christianity or what.

Christianity is teaching in terms of morals in terms of techniques nothing in fact it actually makes you a better. Christian because you now actually have the ability to help people which is what it's about and because. NLP if it's done properly if it's trained properly teaches you to understand that people are never broken that people are not um evil they're just trained badly right. And and it and it gives you the ability to really be non-judgmental which is what the basis of the.

Christian faith is about it's really not accepting and comforting and and moving through the world again in service of the. Lord. But also helping. Thy.

Neighbor you know and part of the problem one of the things that gets in the way of that is judgment we're constantly judging and. NLP is all about not is what they're doing good or bad. But is it useful or not useful and if it is useful how can. I learn it.

So. I can do it better and if it's not useful how can. I change it. So that they can have a better result right.

It's you'll find that when you adopt the techniques of. NLP you're going to be a better at facilitating that mission becoming a steward. I think is what they call it um of the faith okay. Uh.

Kim. Titan says love it and. I said. David fun question how do you think if you go out now you could pull a nine or a 10. it'd be it's a lot.

I'll tell you what it'd be a lot easier for me now than it would have been 10 years ago and. I'll tell you why it's called. Ferrari game right. Uh.

I'm a. I have a little bit of celebrity status in the world because. I have a lot of followers. I have people who um actually binge watch my videos.

So. I am actually quite well known in the personal development fields. So if. I were to go out and and do those things which.

I don't uh because. I'm happy with what. I have um theoretically it'd be a lot easier and because. I understand this these these.

Technologies from a very different place than. I did even 10 years ago and that was good 10 years ago um. I'd say be easier you know of course technically. I'm out of practice.

But you know don't tell my wife that. Anyway uh let's see here my daughter's gonna nark on me uh let's see here oh how many of you have seen videos of my daughter when she was a baby uh invading my uh invading my my webinars you wanna see what she looks like now come here kid okay. They suck come on this is not the the child who just rushed up and gave me a hug in front of 60 people right. Anyway uh let's see what we got here.

Then you've got my sister yeah okay. David you're like an actual. YouTuber now. Oh.

Say. It. Isn't. So uh let's see here uh entrepaces oh man thank you you're welcome uh let's see medium star readings by.

Mary. V says. David is married don't get him in trouble you know what's funny about that is my wife knew about my my attraction expert status when she met me. I think it was actually um one of my selling points laughs.

Anyway uh. But. I. I digress what are the best books on.

Christian mysticism the best books. I've seen on. Christian mysticism are by a man named. Dr.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson there's three of them um. I highly recommend if you want to study what's behind the curtain uh in terms of the.

Christian mate and. Christian faith you pick up those books let's see here. Benjamin grateful says come on a. Second what were deco also subscribe to.

David's. YouTube channel as well please more great content is bound to be uploaded by. David in the future thank you. Benjamin that was very cool.

Jay. Allen. Oates as well that's deep. Danka.

USU says healing any tips okay. Okay. KW cute as before okay. Cynthia how has your young ladies are.

So beautiful. Cynthia says you're beautiful oh thank you my daughter is 12 and she's invisible yes. She was on my kuji class. Last night and she learned how to do the the invisibility mudras and now she's impossible to see.

But you can hear her okay. Jonathan. Stone says how to get how and get a wife back or how to get your wife back okay. First and foremost work on your [ __ ] figure out what it was you did that caused her to want to leave in the.

First place fix it up and give it some time um getting a wife back getting a lover back has not been a focus of mine um largely because everyone. I've ever broke up with. I never wanted back. So.

But if a lot of people want me to research that those topics and field test some of those things. I'm happy to do it. But right. Now.

I would start with fixing your own [ __ ] many times when when you start fixing the things that cause the the breakup in the. First place uh other things start to rearrange themselves and that person comes back into your orbit another thing that goes along a whole long way is actually admitting that you [ __ ] up if that's the case and asking and sincerely apologizing okay. That's where. I would start and.

Then look. There's a lot of people out there who have systems and techniques on how to get your ex back you can look. Into those. But here's the thing.

I think you're going to discover and again you will avoid this as a suggestion. But. I think as you start to unpack the reasons behind the breakup that you're not going to want them back just an intuition. But do the work and see what comes up another thing you can do is there's an old there's an old test from the seduction world was called the uh the five girl test or the five lover test anytime you find yourself fixated on a specific person what they would tell you is go out and sleep with five other people and if you still feel the same way about that person.

Then it's real. But if you suddenly you know after the. Second or. Third person that you're with.

Beyond them it's no. Longer a thing you know it was just it was just kind of a it wasn't about it wasn't about connection it was really more about control my daughter is pointing out people on the screen uh let's see here. Cali girl my friend is suffering from. De corvain in her wrist she's in constant pain and yes.

Transformational. Triad ask her if it's okay. To get rid of it watch your non-verbal responses and see if um you see any hesitation. Magic.

Frame it. Then energy spin it. Then color breathe it better than 50 chance it's going to go away or significantly decrease if it decreases do the whole process again keep doing it until it's down to a zero and it's impossible for her to get it back uh the name is. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson [Applause] and uh. I don't get an affiliate commission or anything. But when you go buy the books please tell them you heard it from me okay.

I'm actually one of his students. So um why do people choose to take their life what benefit does the soul get from it. I don't know an is um. I have.

I have a very strong polar response to suicide um some people look. At it as cowardice other people look. At it as being tremendous having a lot of strength you know the ability and willingness to take your own life um. I don't know.

I'm. I'm just gonna. I'm just gonna leave it at that um. Roland says are we as humans naturally susceptible to narcissists is that why they can manipulate us.

So easily well. First and foremost we're we're susceptible to narcissists because we actually like them and we're we're all to a greater or lesser degree narcissistic all narcissism is is a self-centeredness that goes beyond what is socially acceptable that's really all it is right. Narcissism isn't a thing it's a speck it's a spectrum narcissists we tend to find people who exude confidence and certainty and a willingness to take charge positively and most narcissists are willing to do that because they like that they like to be the center of attention right. Ironically in her book.

Red flags. Wendy. Patrick says it's the irony is that a lot of people who know someone's a narcissist still like them even though they know they're narcissists right. Because narcissists are very good at enduring themselves to people they just are right.

Um. But we tend to view those kinds of people positively. Anyway because we we as a species like. Authority and.

Leadership okay. Um. Tom. Gallagher how would you manifest a physical miracle.

I guess it depends on the miracle um says did you have a better do you have better. I don't know. I actually. I actually never met.

Tyler uh. I did know. Neil. I knew.

Neil. Strauss. I knew um. David.

D'Angelo a couple of other guys uh swing cat. But. I never met. Tyler.

So. I don't actually know. I. I don't know it's been a long time since.

I've been in that in that world uh. Andy. Martens is at. David.

Snyder 90 pounds overweight. Last. Last 20. years can't get the. Last 35 off food addiction advice do you know for sure that you're you have a food addiction um start with a transformational.

Triad and. Then go and research what we call the semantic search engine if there were a reason why. I'm holding on to this. Last 35 pounds and they're replacing my body where that reason was stored and.

I could point to where. I feel it where would. I be pointing follow your. First impression elicit the color and from there you either go into magic magic frame transformation uh energy spinning or color breathing and you shouldn't be able to dissolve the barrier or the or preserve the rule that's holding you back from losing that.

Last 35 pounds uh let's see here uh my wife is a narcissist okay. That should be your. First clue. Jonathan.

Annie. Martin lifelong food act okay. So use the transformational. Triad and uh notice what happens.

So on a roll. I appreciate all you do have been following you for a while now. I've learned a ton from you thank you [Music] you can share and subscribe please did. I do that right.

Okay. Uh see. Sandra. Fuller's ass went to and when not to energy spin.

Sandro to be quite honest. I have not found a contraindication to spinning and the reason for that. I think is because anything the human nervous system generates the human nervous system can change um the only thing. I would.

I would caution people who are going to go around spinning other people's stuff away is that many times when you spin it the body goes into releasing it into purging mode and they'll start to just vomit in motion everywhere they'll break out in a sweat their eyes. Are real back in their head they'll laugh they'll cry they'll yawn they'll choke they'll cough they'll wretch they'll do all a lot of times especially if it's a deep thing they'll they'll do all kinds of weird stuff and that's okay. It's supposed to happen that way you just gotta hold that space for them while they process and it may take a minute it may take 12 minutes. But you just you gotta hold that space for them let them know they're safe it's okay.

To just let that [ __ ] come out and when they're out you haven't tried to bring it back and 99 times out of 100 it's gone they can't bring it back and. So you know you're done right. Let's see yeah. Diego.

Caballero says people take their own life not because they don't like life. But they don't want the pain anymore they can't stand it. I'm one of those guys who did it. But survived and.

I would. I would be in agreement with that. I would say for sure that is absolutely one of the reasons why people take their own lives um do. I believe in the theory of evolution yeah yeah to a greater or lesser degree.

But. I don't think the theory of evolution is at odds with anything that is in alignment with the mystical teachings from any of the different any of the major religions all right. We're all here to evolve where does evolution start does it start on the physical plane or does it start on a spiritual line right. So again it you know to say that we all crawled out of the ocean.

Maybe what made us crawl out of the ocean what brought us life in the. First place was it just random. I don't believe in a random. Universe guys.

I just don't what. I do believe in is a universe that's. So fundamentally interconnected it has the appearance of being random. So.

But again all belief systems are [ __ ] including mine the question becomes does the belief system you have actually produce the results in your life that you want if the answer to that question is yes. Keep doing keep operating from that belief structure. However if the belief system you've been taught isn't giving you the happiness. The.

Joy the. Fulfillment the self-actualization that you want entertain the possibility of adopting a different belief system and keep experimenting until you find one that is useful to getting you the outcomes in life that you want right. All belief systems are just arbitrary sets of rules made up by humans about the way the world is based on the feelings they had at the time and the information they had available to them that's all that's all a belief system is they're not these immutable carved in stone gargantuan edicts that we all treat them as they're very very malleable because they're all just decisions that we've made um. Dennis.

Centinela says. I've used the echo technique for the. Last two years especially with sales. I feel like such a.

Jedi gracias. David de nada amigo all right. That's what we do we train. Jedi okay.

Uh let's see here. So this is saying my observe my observation from a lot of radio calls is that suicidal people lose perspective and can see nothing outside their problems and perceive helplessness and helplessness what their soul gets. I don't know. I don't know either.

But taking a life is always a choice. So you know again. I don't fault anybody for their choices it was their choice it's their body that. I believe your body your choice.

I've always believed that right. In spite of the fact that. I'm very conservative in other ways okay. Um.

Bilal 300. David can you please share your best language pattern to overcome resistance yes. I'll share it tomorrow on our webinar. But for those of you who don't want to wait look.

Up the uh how to get how to remove resistance to persuasion this is about a 45 minute video here on the. YouTube channel and you'll learn it in depth. But we'll also cover it tomorrow probably in part three of the webinar uh let's see here plenty hold on a. Second can't seem to manifest is there something.

I'm missing in your techniques. I would say probably. But my my intuition is telling me that is you have some limiting beliefs about what you deserve. So.

I would start there go in the gray room um go into the magic the transformational. Triad start clearing your stuff up start using the affirmation formula. I gave at the beginning of this. Ama apply that and see if that if that changes anything for you uh let's see.

Danka says healing any advice on reconciling two contrasting ideas that. Soul comes to learn through trauma and pain and that learning can be done through love joy and playfulness which seems a better way well they're not mutually exclusive you see the problem that we have with the whole trauma pain thing is that we hold on to it you've heard me say this in many forms. Danka and again it's true enough to be true here you are not and. I'm using the editorial you here you are not the.

Way. You. Are because of the things that happened to you you're just not you're the. Way.

You. Are primarily because the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings okay. You say you're driving down the road you get. T-boned by a car that car accident happened to you one time from that moment on every time you pass by an intersection you get a vision of a car t-boning you is there a car is the car real no.

But you think it is you treat it like it is internally because you've lost that distinction that it's just a memory it's just a story that your neurology created and you have absolute control over it okay. But you forgot or they didn't teach you how to control it or how to remove it or get rid of it and. So you hold on to it and. So as long as you keep holding on to it every time you pass something that's even remotely similar to that original memory it's going to trigger it and that's what suffering is by the way suffering is the pain that follows you whenever you try to run away from the thing that caused you the perk initially pain is transient pain is that momentary discomfort that you feel on the way to something better as you're processing it out.

So when you think back on things and you still feel the hurt you're not done with it yet are you still holding on to something resentment blame guilt shame whatever it is and it's it's part of how you encoded that memory. But you have complete. Authority and control over that deck. So are you going to continue to hold on to that memory are you going to continue to hold on to that story and and stay within what the.

Buddhists call your acquired mind that trauma-based mind or are you going to sacrifice it are you going to give it up to the universe remove it from your system and move one step closer to your true. Spirit are you doing your true. Spirit or your true soul it's a choice it's a choice that we have some things are going to be easier than others that's just the nature of this reality. So.

I don't need to reconcile them. I think they're part and parcel of the same thing we learn from pain and suffering and ultimately as we learn we move towards joy and love. But that's where we come from that's what this death to. Soul.

So is compassionate it's righteous uh it's it's loving it's all-knowing or at least it sees things from the bigger picture that's who you truly are. But that. Soul part of you isn't connected directly to this this life it's observing it's think of it like a multi a massive multi-online role-playing game where you created a character and you're moving through the world in this virtual body and you're fighting monsters and you're sometimes you win and sometimes you don't right. But there's this you operating the character that's fighting the monsters right.

And there's levels to that right. Again this whole internet thing is actually in a lot of ways mirroring the structure the spiritual dimensions and spiritual universe right. Our job is to get back to that. Soul perspective where the things that we encounter in this life we feel them and we let them go and they don't and they teach us things and we move on.

But we don't we push back we fight we try to deny the things that that we're hope the stories inside of us that's what we do you know it's it's part of the human condition. So. I don't think there's a. I don't think there's a there needs to be a.

Reconciliation. I think they're part of the same continuum right. Now let's see here. Jay.

Allen. Oates for the weight thing you might want to find out if it's a medical problem okay. Jonathan. Stone what do you do when you have trouble remembering certain feelings.

I know this is important for. NLP techniques pretend you know what it's like the secret the secret to getting good. NLP even when you can't access what. NLP is trying to get you to access is to pretend that you can because you'll actually do an end run around the block and get the same information and you'll it'll the technical work.

Jennifer. Moore says what is energy spinning get the video instant emergency pain relief all will be revealed uh let's see how much further down okay. Jennifer says glad. I caught you didn't think.

I was going to catch you. Jill button says. I love that pain is the transitory path on the way to something better or something like that love that. I found it to be true clinically um when you astral travel do you use the same astral body as after death my training says yes.

Uh there's just more parts of you that leave at death um. Joe nodar for dating if someone is only talking about themselves and not asking much about you do you think those people are narcissistic or just don't have great communication and dating skills that's a great question. I would look. At what happens when you actually start talking about yourself if you start talking about yourself and they immediately the lights go out they immediately lose interest they start checking their phone.

I'm exaggerating a little bit or they come back with and that reminds me of a time when. I um and they try to steer back the conversation about them as quickly as possible that would send off some morning. Bells a lot of people talk about themselves because they want. So badly for you to like them that they they want to they they feel like they have to impress you it's counterintuitive that in order for them to get you to like them more you have they have to let you talk about you we teach we test that's basic training in.

Planet data that's why people who get our trainings they they have the golden ticket to anything they want love to love money sex dating you name it because they move through the world making everybody they've they meet just absolutely love them right. Um. So. For.

You. Joe the best the best test for you is going to be using three magic questions protocols right. So if you go to the the. YouTube channel and you type in how to make any.

Someone. Like. Love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes you will get a a good basic training in the three magic questions protocol and as you go through the three magic questions protocol narcissists will start to flag themselves very very quickly you'll be able to sort people into the categories of yes. No.

Hell no. Maybe just for tonight yada yada right. But three magic questions is what you need for that um. Diego do you know how to astral travel out of the body how do.

I answer that yes. And no. What. I mean by that is.

I know how it's done. I know the steps to do it. I have the. TR.

I have access to the training on how to do it. I don't practice it. I don't practice it. So um yes.

And no. I know how. But. I can't do it yet because.

I don't practice it although my teacher now is starting starting me on. Dream. Magic and now and. Then we'll be getting into um.

I actually was taught how to do. Soul projection which is a little it's kind of analogous to astral travel. So. I can do that like in some of the.

Marshall stuff. I was taught. I can like push somebody's. Spirit out of their body and unroot them that's about the extent of my uh astral traveling right.

Now that. I'll talk about uh. But. Anyway uh let's see here um uh and is asking what are your thoughts about nofap.

I have no. Idea what that is no. Idea whatsoever honor 20 says if someone used covert external. Triggers on me with no.

Contact will they work in the future will the power of them fade away. I think it really depends on on several things your your their level of suggestibility and vulnerability at the time it was it was uh installed and the intentions of the person setting the trigger some post-hypnotic suggestions can be indefinite they can. Last forever others will fade over time depending on and really what what determines the longevity of a trigger is how often they're used or overused as the case may be uh okay. I think that's caught us up oh well.

I spoke too soon um what to text did the girl the day after meeting her. Dave that largely depends on the quality of the meeting that she had right. I mean again if there were things that you guys discovered you had in common decide that you're going to go do something and invite her along simple or you know set a coffee date or something stupid spell check can. I explain cycling.

Jennifer. I could. But we would be here for a long time best thing to do is um look. At some of our hidden.

Laws of. Attraction trainings um you can also reference. Bill bankston's uh the energy cure or image cycling one of my students on his channel his name is. Evan uh created a video that explains image cycling uh.

So you can look. At you can look. For that why don't the gurus teach about the. Thought.

Field. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know which gurus you're talking about okay.

Joe nodash is awesome. I've been struggling with that for a while thank you. So much you're very welcome my friend. Lighthouse of.

God says. God bless you. David. God bless you back my friend nofap oh semen retention okay.

I've never heard that term in all the years. I've. I'm a big uh. I'm a big fan of senior attention.

I think it's a very useful practice um there has been science that both uh affirms and contradicts the practice um since semen has created the the body pulls energy from the organs to create semen it's a very powerful substance. So. I think anything you can do to promote the creation of it the retention and circulation of it the recycling of that energy into the body is going to go a long way towards reinforcing your. Jing uh and giving you access to higher levels of ability um.

Lighthouse of. God says uh nofap equals no. Masturbation. I think he meant can abstaining from masturbation help harness your.

Sexual. Energy yes. Anything that allows you to hold on to your seed is going to go a long way in building your energy. But it's not just it's not just about retaining it it's what are you doing with it are you are you using an alchemical process to refine it turn it into a higher level of energy and circulating it through the body are you just letting it lie fallow in the genitals or in the system and not doing anything with it uh you know what are you re-channeling that.

Sexual. Energy to your higher centers you know it's again it's not just about the practice it's what are you doing with it right. What other practices besides not masturbating or not spilling your seed um are you engaged in on top of that right. Because it's just an energy source right.

So you know what are you doing with it and most people are the victims of incomplete teaching. So you all almost everyone will reach a certain level in their process and they'll stop because they don't have the. Next level uh let's see here will dog says. David you are a blessing well thank you that's very kind.

I think. I'm. I. I feel blessed to have all of you in my life either by proxy or in person you know um a teacher isn't much good without people who want to learn.

So. I'm very grateful for each and every one of you and that's why when. I'm when. I do these things you know whether it's an in-person training a virtual training an.

AMA whatever you know. I. I try to give you the very best information that. I can that answers you that gives you an answer that you can use.

But also kind of leaves you a little hungry to take the. Next step because the more we work together and. I you know. I don't know what level that is that you're coming with is it a you know it's all the free stuff is it the the live trainings is it the products you know you get to choose what level you're comfortable with.

But. I want to encourage you all to level up in whatever way that that looks like for you because again the more people. I reach the more light comes into the world because you are the lights you're the candles that go out the lit candles that go out and light everybody else's candle you know and. Then there's more light in the world.

So. I'm grateful every moment of every day for you your amazing faith and confidence and willingness to learn you know and. I encourage you in whatever way is um for you to to level up you know whether it's joining the. Next level the goal level the.

Platinum level the diamond level whether it's joining. The. Mastermind whether it's coming to our. Live.

Events you know buying our webinar whatever is whatever is in harmony with where you want to be in relation to our content do it even if it's a little bit uncomfortable that's a good sign being a little bit uncomfortable being a little bit nervous or skeptical or anxious about leveling up that's that's a good thing it means you're about to do something important right. It means you're about to change you've leveled up and decided you're worthy of a change right. And. I don't and.

I don't care what what that is you know whether it's you know again going from the. Free level to joining the newsletter to the gold 9.99 level. I don't care you deserve the best and. I want to give it to you in a way that that is comfortable for you because.

I'm grateful right. That being said because. I am a. YouTuber and.

I am learning this please like and share this video to the world right. Uh let's see here uh let's see um why should we not practice ritual before doing image cycling what ritual would you practice source is all knowing. But your soul isn't at least not the way you understand um. Theodore 117 says good night.

David. I like the video. So don't put curses on me okay. I won't put curses on you.

Cali girl why should we not. I can't we answer that question all right. Answer the question um where can you study that go to. Dr.

Johnson's website um and find his training on um training that's probably the best. I can. I can show you actually his his um inner sequence of bhagwat. Chang video has some of that training in it the one.

I. I was trained in person. So. I don't.

I don't know that that technique is in a book. Anywhere. But. I know in his early bagua videos he talks a lot about the upper like invisible levels of internal power um.

So you might find it there um. Jennifer's asking instead of cord cutting how can you uproot or dissolve. I don't want it to grow back like a weed well. First thing you got to do once you've cut the cord is you've got to clean up the thing it was rooted to in the.

First place chords can't attach to you if there's nothing inside of you that's that's vibrating at that frequency the reason chords get attached to us is because of something in us that has the same frequency harmonic as the chord itself the less the less of those things you have inside of you the less. Windows into your system uh an energetic vampire has the other way to do that is to just completely remove your attention from the things trying to attach chords to you yoka debower says how would you explain re-channeling energy to your other centers or where can. I go for information on this topic um probably your. Taoist systems are going to give you the and your yogic systems are going to give you the best training on that.

I'll be doing trainings on it in the future um. But. I'm not probably not until at least 2024 um it's obvious that people in. Planet.

David want access to higher energetic trainings and things like that and. I do have those. I just am really really really careful um who. I teach it to um.

But. I think you'll find a lot of really cool stuff in the work of. Dr. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson for sure uh please let them know where you where you heard about them like. I said. I don't get any affiliate commissions or anything like that.

I'm just trying to reap some good karma okay. Um let's see here uh. I met someone who seemed to get into my mind. I found out he was a level 82.

Freemason was he just using. NLP and astral travel. I do not know. I.

I really don't know. I have no. Way to to examine and quantify that in any way shape or form uh. Seth.

Breitbart says when you are comfortable being uncomfortable you've got it. Jennifer says. I don't mind being uncomfortable that's how. I know.

I'm getting somewhere very good is he talking about doing the middle pillar uh a middle pillar is a very powerful ritual for energetics and channeling it's. Comforts from the. Western. Traditions.

But it could be used for that if you have the inner teachings um. Joe noddar says is it dangerous to listen to trainers explain dark language patterns well simply listening to them explain the patterns install it. I want to be aware of that stuff just to be safe from evil people. Joe that's a really great question and the the truth is it really depends on the intention of the trainer it really depends on the intention of the trainer if they intend to install it yeah yeah they can install stuff in you the fact that you're aware of it and and shielding against it helps to mitigate it.

But as long as you're paying any level of attention to those people. Then those words have access to your mind and if they have access to your mind they have access to everything um. Jennifer says. I joined very good uh joined what we have different anayas we have different levels of membership and access to content here on the.

YouTube channel we have the gold level uh the. Platinum level and the diamond level it's and. Then. Jennifer's saying that she just joined.

I think she joined our gold level uh let's see here. Jay. Alan. Oates did you practice.

Kung. Fu you. So. I have an extensive background in the martial arts.

Martin. Communications what is the difference between. Soul spirit and source depends on who you ask. But if you think of source as the.

Creator the soul is a fragment of the creator that has awareness and consciousness the spirit is an a body created by the soul for it to move through the the. Multiverse in the spiritual body or. Spirit. Then creates an astral body which.

Then creates a physical body and. So we think of like a glove within a glove within a glove or like an exoskeleton and is thoughts on angel numbers. David. I don't have any thoughts on angel numbers.

I. I'm not really. I don't really study it. I don't really practice that on the things.

I study in practice. I will talk about all day long on the things that. I don't study or practice. I.

I will just tell you. I don't know um. Joe nodar says thank you is. Kenrick.

Cleveland safe um as far as. I know um. Kenrick is one of the best in the world at this stuff. So if you want to learn this stuff.

I learned a lot from his early courses. I'll tell you that right. Now. I.

I think he. I don't think there's anybody better in the world at languaging uh than. Kenrick was um he's done some dark side stuff he's done some stuff that's for the business world. I think you have to really go in with your.

Shields up parsing what's being said and decide for yourself um if he's safe or not. I can't you know everything. I've had or that. I've worked with has been fine um.

I will tell you up front that a lot of the installations that he does like through hypnosis and stuff. I don't. I do them in my own voice. I do them in my own words just because.

I know how good he is right. Anayas and name anayan says how has. David changed your life. Jennifer wow okay.

Uh. Benjamin grateful says do you have specific things to say words to use from experiences with either yourself or with other people regarding deservingness of something in my case it would be money success and friends. I really don't understand that question. Benjamin.

I don't understand the question ask me. I reword your question and. I'll see what. I can do uh the one thing.

I have a hard time doing is any of the exercises to bring up my vibration. I can't sustain it for long periods of time what can. I do to sustain it for longer periods focus on fun pleasure. Joy compassion give you uh do a a daily gratitude check every time you start to feel down start with a gratitude inventory of everything in your life that you're grateful starting with actually being alive being able to draw another breath is a reason for gratitude the.

Gratitude inventory as simplistic as it sounds will start to raise your vibration because it will change how you view the world it will change the perspective that you take is. Kendrick about. Kenrick was. I think the.

Godfather of hypnotic language. I know a lot of people think igorovsky is like the greatest thing since sliced bread and. I like. Igor a lot.

But honestly in terms of real world applicable um. No. Holds. Barred um languaging the guy.

I cut my teeth on was counter. Cleveland's early. Max persuasion stuff. I don't even know if that course is available anymore.

But um that that wrote my ticket in life and. Then. I just kept adding stuff onto it all right. What is.

Dream. Magic. Dream. Magic is the ability to become.

Lucid in your dreams and. Then to slowly begin to control the dream reality and. Then ultimately use that to influence reality outside of your head and in other people's dreams it's it's part of the. Buddhist mystical tradition the.

Taoist mystical tradition. I think it's also in the. Christian mystical. Traditions as well.

But. I haven't gotten to that chapter in that in my studies on. Christian mysticism. So.

I'm still learning it. I'll let you know more uh as. I get better at it. So ishara from.

Sri. Lanka is asking any speed attraction. NLP books you can recommend well you can start with our speed attraction course or rapid attraction. Secrets uh great book.

For anybody who wants to utilize hypnotic languaging or hypnotic processes is called love trances by. Craig ravinsky it's a great it's a great read okay. A lot of people are asking me about. Kenrick.

I'm. I don't want to go too deep into. Kendrick's world he uses a lot of the same skill sets that. I use especially the early ones like the language patterns the.

NLP things of that nature reframing right. The tools are inherently neutral they can be dangerous or they can be benevolent they can be evil or they can you know they can liberate you or imprison you um it's the it's the it's the can they have physical effects on you absolutely. But it really comes down to the skill and the intention of the person using them okay. So again the tools are neutral the magic is in you what are you going to use it for does that make sense what do you want to use it for and remember to like and share this video smash that like button okay.

So any tips to start a new hypnotherapy practice. I'll get to that in a minute. Martin is asking when recording affirmations to play for self-hypnosis or to play throughout the day is it better record them by saying. I am or you are.

I would do both. I would do both because they'll give you two different perspectives and one will take stronger than the other one will. But you'll have. But you cover both bases right.

And. I would do them in groups of three seven or nine your neurology tends to like odd numbers um. Hypno. Guy any tips on starting a therapy practice in a new city just moved to.

New. Zealand yes. Start a. Meetup.

Group and demonstrate to the general public how you can fix other people's stuff and. Then give them the opportunity to work with you personally it's one of the fastest easiest most powerful ways to create content that people like get a read on the kind of clients that you want and position yourself as an expert in the shortest amount of time possible with the least amount of monetary investment jodar says thanks. So nodar says thanks. So much great question again.

Martin um skyhound asked semen retention healthy yes. If it's done right. So we're coming into the home stretch here. So.

I used to feel people and see light or color in people when. I was little how do. I get that back clean up your [ __ ] that's why you lost it in the. First place because somewhere some way your neurology decided that it wasn't good for you to be able to do these things.

So you got traumatized and layered it up clean up your [ __ ] and that those will come back. So do the love. J. Buck.

I noticed a correlation between flying in a dream and thinking positive in real life are there other correlations you've found not that. I know of uh dream interpretation. Dream. Magic is new on my plate.

I'm just starting my in-depth studies of it now. I may find more correlations as time goes on. But as of right. Now.

I can't really give you more information on that what's the best way to show your gratitude to the universe when you manifest something share it pay it forward verbally declare gratitude to the universe for bringing this into your life and. Then pay it forward find a way to share what you've learned teach other people how to do what you've learned how to do. But pay it forward the. Hypno.

Guy says thanks. David you need that animated finger smashing the like button do they have one of those okay. CM. David.

I have severe. COPD tips on how to drop the belief in the fact that lungs don't regenerate and strengthen my belief that. I can manifest a miracle yes. Clean out all your grief loss sorrow um and focus on the energy of gratitude gratitude is is the the healing emotion to the lungs.

So the more gratitude you start to generate the more rapidly that area will start to heal. Jennifer. Nunes when. I say affirmations now.

I always state it as if it's already happened. So. I always start out saying that. I'm supposed to be grateful that my outcome is.

I have to treat myself okay. Andrew said. Tate says in order to loosen dream you have to remember the. Last thing in your mind um that may or may not be true.

I don't know okay. That's always what. I'm happy is helping out it's very good all right. Hey listen guys this has been awesome my kids are here they want some daddy time.

So in the words of the immortal cow. Burnett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long remember to smash that like button share it out join your level up. Join one of our our premium access levels uh join us tomorrow for more how to reprogram your subconscious mind webinar and that amazing webinar package that people love. I'm gonna have something super special as part of the package tomorrow. So you don't want to miss it good night.

God bless. I love you all take care.
