Title: Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind: Step Into the New Year with Unshakable Confidence and Clarity
File Name: cou0W19GoCc.txt
Video Id: cou0W19GoCc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cou0W19GoCc

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e for hello hello hello everyone. Dr. David check in. I hope everybody had a very very happy holidays it's not over yet we're just getting started.

So thank you for joining me on your post. Christmas uh interlude how's everybody doing today how many new timer how many uh brand new people we have. I you checking in from type in the chat where you're from what your name is and uh if this is your. First time in.

Planet. David if it's not if you're a veteran of. Planet. David go ahead and type in veteran your name and where you're checking in from and how long you've been in.

Planet. David today's going to be a lot of fun because we're going to do something we haven't we haven't done this in a while this is one of our our more popular webinars this is about secrets for reprogramming your subconscious mind secrets of personal and self transformation um this is something that that has an interesting history with me you know most of the people come to me uh very especially early in my career they were coming at me to learn how to be. P better persuaders or honestly to be better lovers that was kind of my uh my claim to fame was teaching people how to be uh any partner's ideal lover that was kind of where. I started in the information products uh and training business.

But. I was also one of the. I was the president of one of the largest free self-help. NP and hypnosis practice groups in the world they were known as the.

Los the some ulistic. Sleepwalkers or. Sleepwalkers. International and for many years we made uh we made hypnosis history in in.

Los. Angeles and surrounding areas. I won't bore you with all the details. But it was an amazingly cool time and it was during that time that.

I started kind of getting really deep into understanding the. Art and. Science of deep level personal transformation now. I've always been a a big proponent of self-help.

I've been working on myself since. I was pretty much since. I. I was old enough to walk what.

I didn't realize at the time and that was my blindsided this was that there were thousands and thousands and thousands of people who had the same questions. I did. I was very fortunate for many years of searching time and investment to find answers to a lot of the things that were bugging me a lot of the things that were plaguing me and and holding me back and. So when.

I teach this webinar as much as. I love persuasion and influence. Technologies this is the one that lets it all happen happen you see if you if you all you have are persuasion skills you're eventually going to blow yourself up yeah you'll get a lot of things that you want. But you'll also wind up creating a lot of karmic backlash and and uh a lot of times just doing things that in the long run you're operating from a place of hurt or pain or suffering or anger or betrayal and those things are like a double-edged sword.

So this class is all this class and it's going to be a class is all about teaching you the foundations and the fundamentals for lack of a better word of how to reprogram your subconscious mind how to really start exploring your inner universe and using it to change limiting beliefs remove blocks to your success uh get rid of negative emotions that sometimes they go away. Sometimes they come back uh if. You' ever found your yourself feeling the same emotion in a different place or context we're going to talk to you about how to do some of that stuff too ultimately we're going to show you a path we're going to give you a direction where you can go from interesting information to. Lasting ongoing personal transformation in the shortest amount of time possible and laying the foundation for literally in my opinion unlimited success health wealth and happiness.

So that being said. Duncan. McLoud says you're the man. David thank you.

So much for that son's coming in checking in from. New. Zealand we got. Beth out there got a new puppy for.

Christmas yay. Beth don't let my kids find out uh there's. Ash is in from. Canada uh where are all my uh where are all my.

Zoomers today how many. Zoomers do. I got here type in the chat where you're at or where you're checking in from okay. All right.

That being said let's talk about let's just let's just get right. Into it hey there's. Liliana. Johnson's raising her hand and let's see here people are asking about stay control and heart energy uh we can talk about that if we have time uh let's see here oh the chat is disabled apparently apparently.

I forgot to flip a switch my bad folks okay. So folks uh let's try that again. I apologize. I had the chat turned off.

I was. W gee there's people in the chat why are they not talking to me. I suddenly feel very alone that's not good all right. There's.

Larry checking in from. Colorado. Springs there's. Laura checking in uh we got.

Richard coper checking in all right. All right. So let's talk about where we're going today. First and foremost uh how many of you oh there's uh there's.

Linda good to see you again. Linda and there's. Chris from. Arizona.

So just. So. I understand you guys better how many there's. Jorgen nice how many of you is this a.

First is this your. First time with me just. So. I.

I and kind of figure out where we're starting from okay. Larry's. First time okay. I don't want to bore.

Larry. So. I'm gonna get right. Into what.

I lovingly call the. Dr. David dog and pony show um let me just start off with my my classic disclaimer which sometimes comes back to haunt me now that the uh the sensors in. YouTube land and on social media are getting a little bit more sensitive um if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next three and a half to four hours well probably closer to two and a half to three hours our our our webinars tend to go long and they're divided up into three segments the. First segment is fundamentals and.

Foundations this is where we cover the absolute must know things for you to start going out into the world and applying transformation to on yourself and others the best part about everything we're going to teach you uh in tonight's webinar is you don't have to believe a darn thing. I'm going to share with you right. U the best part about is is hold on say. I'm trying to get myself.

POS positioned very properly in this uh in this camera you don't have to believe anything we're going to share with you these are all proven fundamental mechanical processes that we spend a lot of time and energy and years uh testing out in the field in various contexts in various therapeutic environments as well as very very many non-therapeutic environment this is the way your neurology creates change how it holds on to change how it refuses to let go of change if you follow these fundamentals you're going to have experiences and those experiences are going to open a door for you a door that leads to ever growing increasing you becoming the best version of yourself of removing the bound the boundaries and the limitations to your life both financially physically emotionally romantically socially why because everything in the human beings do is in the in pursuit of feelings feelings either we want more of or feelings we want to get away from now that's the very. First principle that. I want you to understand everything human beings do including you including me is in is in pursuit or evasion of a feeling or a certain set of feelings all our behaviors are based on the acquisition of something that results in a feeling state for us that we want or we don't want now that feeling. State.

If. This. Were. A a video on law of attraction we will be talking about those feeling.

States in terms of what we call vibrational signatures or vibrational. Fields that's not the purpose of this webinar that you don't have to know anything or believe in anything about the law of attraction metaphysics anything we're going to share with you for you to get benefit and to to create powerful change for yourself from the from tonight's webinar okay. So part one is going to be fundamentals and. Foundations.

I. I'm very much a uh a person who believes in dialogue as much as this is a webinar and you're used to. PowerPoint slides and all that good stuff. I try to spend as little time into.

PowerPoint as possible because. I believe that you need a human face to really get this information and internalize it. So. I will bounce back and forth between my.

OneNote between my webinar. Powerpoints and things of that nature especially where my credentials are concerned because. So those of you checking in have no. Clue who the hell.

I am or why. I'm even qualified to stand here in front of you and. I'm going to do that in just a minute part two of our webinar is what we call foundations or. Next steps.

Next steps is where. I teach you the fundamental nuclear building blocks that create powerful personal change and. Then. I show you the entire system from which those nuggets are drawn from okay.

And if you and. I'll give you an opportunity to get access to that entire system during part two part three of our webinar is called the foundation or the uh the the what's the word. I'm looking for um the customization phase this is where we take the exact applications that you want to focus on and we we build that into tonight's webinar now when. I talk about you.

I'm talking about you as a group obviously. I can't do each individual person on this webinar and and and do that what. I'm going to try and do is. I'm going to try and customize the content of everything that.

I have to share with you and if everything. I have to share is this even in a three-hour webinar. I have time for this okay. So.

I'm. G to move as fast as. I can and. I'm going to try to keep you guys with me remember there will be a replay for this for this training.

However certain bonuses that we're going to be talking about because we put. P there's always an offer connected to what we're doing just. So you know you'll never see. David sitting in front of you talking to you without something that he wants to offer you okay.

So just get used to that right. But the thing is you have to decide if you're ready for that or not right. So my job is to take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and.

I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step is that a fair tradeit yes. Or yes. Type in the chat if you think that's fair and.

I don't really know that uh. Simon. I don't know that. I can boost my volume.

I think my volume's pretty boosted all right. Right. Um you guys good all right. Excellent.

So let's go ahead let me run through my bio real quick. So you guys know who the heck it is you're talking about for those of you who don't know who it is who do know who it is you're talking about just sit tight you do we do this every time right. I'm excited to be here uh and to share with you some really powerful uh very usable workable stuff all right. So let me go ahead and jump into my.

PowerPoint really quick with the age-old question who is. Dr. David. Snider and why should.

I care. First and foremost. I am an actual doctor of acupuncture in. Chinese medicine uh.

I gra hold on a. Second here we go uh that is my actual diploma from. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine and in. August of 2024. I got my. Second doctorate in.

Chinese uh. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine which is all the stuff that they didn't teach you in the acupuncture training. So all medical ch uh shamanistic healings manifestation practices um and they have a ve and what.

I what. I discovered during my. Chinese energetic medicine training was they had a huge body of psycho uh psychological reprogramming and energetically. Repro energetic reprogramming practices they had a very very developed form of energetic psychology which meshed very very well with all the things that.

I'm teaching in. So um even though. I have that training and. I'll be integrating it in with this training.

I'm not going to. I'm not going to take the time to point out okay. This is from. Chinese energetic medicine this is from.

Western psychology this is from acupuncture this is from. Buddhism this is. I'm not going to say. I'm not going to do that we're going to distill this down into core sets of universal practices that allow you to just tap into your own system log in with your own personal username and password and make changes directly to your your your psychology your neurology things of that nature okay.

So that being said um. I've also authored over 15 different forms or products on various forms of human influence everything from. Advanced hypnosis and hypnotherapy to persuasion and influence psychological belief change conversation. Charisma and con conversion persuasion from the stage uh very very many different forms of vibrational healing vibrational influence.

Law of. Attraction and manifestation courses what you're seeing here is a page from the global gurus. org website when. I was named the number one. NLP practitioner of the year in 202 20.

I've been in the top two slot uh for the number one. NLP trainer and practitioner of the year for about eight years now give orate um our course killer influence secrets of conversational hypnosis was voted the number one. NLP training program in the world for the. Last four years in a row we're hoping to make that year five hopefully you guys have voted for me uh.

So there's a letter from. Global gurus there's a copy of our our page. I also have a been a lifelong martial artist. I have a 10th degree black belt in.

Ruku. Kempo. Karate. I have a fourth degree black belt in.

Shaolin kunau. Second degree black belt in kosho koru. First degree black belt in fanu i a certified instructor in combat. Systema.

CCO mono. Esrea and. Mon nise and i' like to make a joke that. I have more energy caling uh energy healing credentials than.

McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master and teacher since before raiki was to cool uh. I've been practicing cabala almost as long uh since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala.

So. I'm very much a primadonna right. I'm an advanced pronic healer and certified chronic psychotherapist. I'm certified in advanced.

DNA. Theta healing as well as manifestation. I'm certified in the bangston energy healing system and. I need to update this.

I have my doctorate in medical. Chiang from the bagang temple here in uh. California when you look. At all these things it's very easy to say.

So what. David what all these things have in common well stay control and pattern recognition one of the things that that uh. I had to learn learned very very early on as a martial artist was how to get control of my mind how to overcome fear how to work through fear. But.

I had to do something more than just work uh than just ignore it or deny it or distract myself from it. I had to learn how to remove it. I had to learn how to manage it how to manage high stress and high pressure situations and that that need to be better drove me to study a lot of different areas of my life. I.

I started very early in my life focusing on on uh mental training as a way to gain an advantage in my martial arts little did. I know that that journey into mental training for. Peak. Performance would take me into things like hypnosis into.

NLP uh ultimately into energetics and what. I discovered through all of these different uh disciplines the. NLP the martial arts the acupuncture the. Oriental medicine uh were the everything comes down to patterns patterns of movement patterns of thought patterns of.

Behavior patterns of emotion and that these patterns if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear can be identified and they can be interacted with you can you can sense a pattern and predict what's going to happen. Next as a byproduct of that pattern or if you have the right. Tools you can recognize a pattern and inject change into that pattern to get a better result.

Larry's asking what is. NLP. NLP stands for neuro linguistic programming neurolinguistic programming. So we look.

At what does that have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind ladies and gentlemen pretty much everything 90% of everything your unconscious mind your subconscious mind whatever word you use to describe it is doing is operating from a pattern that's based on a set of. States it's trying to either avoid maintain or or maintain or attain that's it everything else is just content it's not really what's important it's the pattern that we want to take and now those patterns leave. Clues if we understand how to read the body effectively we can isolate the think of it like plugging into a. USB port we can isolate where in the body the greatest point of change is located and create that change and have it ex extended and disseminate throughout the entire system okay.

So um. I'm going to read some things off let's find out if you're in the right. Place today. So if you if you can answer yes.

To any of the things that. I'm going to talk about type type that's for me in the chat how many of you would like to get over limiting beliefs. First. First and foremost how many have some limiting beliefs they'd like to to lose or to to change into something else type that type yes.

In the chat right. How many people have any form of self-sabotage that's getting in their way that keeps coming up won't go away type yes. In the chat if you have that how many of you you are afraid of something or more than one more than one something and would like to know how to change that how many of you would like to move through the world feeling more attractive to members of the opposite sex maybe find you charming fascinating irresistible how many of you would like to not only stop being afraid. But actually feel more confident now now notice.

I made a very distinct uh uh a very powerful distinction there between being afraid and being confident you see what. I've discovered a lot of times is people have a little bit of confusion functionally between the word confidence and uh not being afraid what most people are trying to do when they say they want to feel confident what they're really saying is they want to stop being afraid they want to start being more comfortable in their own skin in situations and circumstances how many for how many of you would that be true just. So. I understand you better yes.

No. Okay. How many of you would like to be able to program yourself for more financial abundance protect yourself from being manipulated um how about being able to be more inspirational to your employees or your children or your spouse would that be something that would be helpful okay. Is there anything else that.

I did not mention that you would like to get as a byproduct of tonight's webinar if there is type that in the chat go ahead don't don't be bashful this is the interactive part of tonight's webinar okay. Okay. So if you stay with me tonight and you follow along till the very end and believe me if there's any webinar that you guys want to stay until the very. Last moment.

Liliana says how to overcome barriers and blocks on the to-do list. Liliana stay stay till the end you're you're absolutely going to want to stay till the end of tonight's webinar because if you liked what we did for. Black. Friday you are going to absolutely love what we do for the.

Last webinar of 2024 okay. So if you stay on till tonight's webinar here's what. I promis we're going to talk about. I'm going to show you.

I'm going to share with you the most the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness. I'm going to warn you up front that part might get a little long because there's principles that. I want you to understand now understanding the principles versus being able to actually apply them there two different studies okay. There's a lot of things you don't need to know to create change.

But if you want to be able to engineer and develop your own programs and your own ways of moving through the world and understanding fully how your mind works there's a little bit more study involved we'll show you how to how to get that training if that's something you really want to do it okay. We're going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination and self-sabotage how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain limiting you name it if it makes you feel bad in any way we're going to give you some of the most powerful fast and effective ways to start removing that stuff if not instantly really really close okay. What's funny to me and again this is a little fun factoy is when. I take these webinars right.

Webinars where. I'm literally guiding hundreds of you through change at the same time and. I post these webinars on. Facebook.

They won't let me boost them because they think. I'm doing things that are unsubstantiated and unsupported and yet here. I am guiding hundreds of people at a time thousands of people if you look. At the.

YouTube channel through these people getting massive change right. So to me it's it's just one of those weird interesting paradoxes if that makes any kind of sense. I'm going to teach you how to get rid of negative fears emotions pain. Lim belief.

I'm going to teach you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and minimum time that's my promise to you okay. I'm going to teach you we're going to start by talking about the two most important factors for. Success it's not what you think or maybe it is we're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about in.

The. Secret the ones they didn't tell you about in. Psychology class we're going to talk about something called body centered energy psychology this is one of the most important factors and one of the biggest reasons why the change work we we do in. Planet.

David has such a profound effect. So rapidly if most people adopted this body centered energy psychology set of principles more people would change faster. I truly believe that it's. I.

I've seen it over and over and over again these things that we're teaching you would point to where you feel it reach out and touch it they don't seem like that big a deal. But what they're doing on the inside is just pure magic okay. It it it truly is you don't have to believe in woooo to appreciate that your nervous system is literal magic there's a. Magness to the to the way this system works that is just mind-blowing okay.

I'm going to teach you. Finally if we have time. I'm going to teach you how to program your future and clear your past using similar techniques just in different directions ultimately as a byproduct of tonight's training you're going to have the ability to take control of your life in ways you never thought you could or you've been trying to find. But never seem to get where you want to go.

I'm going to teach you how to get the life you want the way that you want it m mastering yourself inside and out and starting today we're going to make sure that you're never the same again okay. That being said let's go ahead and talk about where does this m material come from and what are the foundations that we need. So everything. I'm going to share with you tonight is from a system.

I created several years ago called the identity by design process now the identity by design process is a seven stage mind reprogramming system it's is designed to systematically. Target the building blocks of your identity you see who you are is not who you think you are we have an. ID one of the things you need to talk about we're going to talk about is something called object relations. Theory and embodied cognition when you move through the world the identity that you embody changes if you go to church you become somebody different than when you go to a nightclub you become somebody different when from the nightclub to the office from your from the office to the family every time you change your environment your identity changes.

However all of those identities are the end result of the series of processes the identity by. Design. Silo which is what you're looking at here is a seven-stage system designed to. Target each of the building blocks of those processes that result in the identity that you come to call you the.

First thing we're going to do is teach you how to go into a trance from that we're going to teach you how to remove the negativity that you didn't even know you were carrying around one of the things you'll hear me say on tonight's webinar is that there's two sets of beliefs that people have there's beliefs they know about and beliefs they don't well you have two sets of negativity you have negativity crap for lack of a better word or as we call it strategic hypnotic influence triggers right. You have. General negativity that you know about and you have negativity that you don't know about in the. First stage of the identity by design process we lit literally teach you how to soak the pot before you scrub it and throw it in the dishwasher to use a a cleaning metaphor okay.

We're going to teach you how to remove things that you didn't even know were there right. As a byproduct of that training you're going to go deeper into a a very very powerful altered state you're going to begin the process of personal. Alchemy and transformation from there we're going to move you into specialized negativity clearing there are certain things in your life that just don't seem to go away you go if you've ever dated a different person the same person with a different face you know what. I'm talking about if you've ever done tried to start a business three times in a row and it ended up crap all three times you know what.

I'm talking about the same things keep happening. But in different contexts and in different environments the reason that happens is because your nervous system in its pursuit to keep you safe to keep you happy to keep you from experiencing death from its perspective has assigned certain types of addendums to each of the memory files and the behavior files that it creates for you and anytime you do something that's going to put you in danger of doing of making that mistake again your autonomic nervous system will press a button and it won't let you move forward we're going to talk a little bit more uh in the webinar. Later in the webinar about specialized negativity this is one of the single most important. Lynch pins of personal transformation if you've ever had something that you've gone to somebody for and they fixed it and by the time you got home or or by the or a week.

Later it came back this is what you need to pay attention to if you've ever gone to somebody for change work and it's dropped to dropped from a really high level to a lower level and. Then it just stopped getting better you need to pay attention to the special negativity clearing section from here we're going to teach you about default driver. States default driver states are psychoemotional states that you move through the world embodying right. Now most people are in a pretty shitty.

State most of the time whether they realize it or not we have what we call in our nervous system a negativity bias this negativity bias causes us to make unfair judgments about the world around us the intention behind that process is. B benevolent the result of it is usually quite the opposite we're going to talk about the negativity bias in just a moment. But. I want to finish the overview of the identity by design process after that we're going to teach you how to change the voice inside your head in case you're wondering what.

I mean by that voice inside your head it's the voice inside your head that just said what voice it's the voice that's always talking crap telling you why you shouldn't do something why you shouldn't put yourself out there why you don't deserve to have something why you're too fat why you're too old why you're too lazy why you're too to two two or not not not enough why you're not enough while you're not smart enough while you're not short tall enough not thin enough not uh wealthy enough that voice is one of the biggest impediments to your personal transformation in stage five or four of the identity by. Design. ET we we show you how to turn that voice from your worst critic into your most powerful benevolent loving. Mentor guide and cheerleader is when we do this in the group sessions there's not a dry eye in the house it's one of the most powerful transformational experiences you can go through from there we're going to teach you how to systematically remove all the negativity from your memories from your past.

So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better now we don't just stop there we literally go into the unconscious mind we drain all of the energy that your subconscious mind has invested in those negative events we take that energy and we funnel it into all of your positive memories. So your positive memories get even stronger even more powerful even more inspirational motivational and irresistible okay. It's called temporal editing that when you look.

Back on the past you have a system that's designed to propel you forward at warp speed we take all of this hold on a. Second we take all of this process and we install it at a pre gentic level we we take it and we actually install this training and this reprogramming process in your. DNA if how many of you are familiar with uh the science of epigenetics that was originally pioneered or or really came to four with the studies of. Dr.

Bruce. Lipton how many of you are familiar with with any of his work okay. If you're familiar with s you might have heard that that's what we're doing here is we're taking these four five these five phases and we're installing them oops sorry about that we're installing them at the genetic level. So that from that moment forward anytime you move through the world anytime you encounter a situation circumstance or event that would have held you back triggered a a negative memory in the past whatever your neurology is and your your literal biology is literally primed to start dealing with that energy hold on a.

Second. I just got this weird prompt and. I have no. Idea what this is about okay.

Um can you guys still hear me okay. I've got this weird thing on my some weird thing on my screen just came up about voice activation and. I have no. Idea what that is okay.

Anyway we'll just have to work around it. Okay. So we've got this right. So what we're going to do.

Finally what we do here once we've done all that is we're going to take the traits qualities and characteristics of people whose skills and abilities and attributes you admire and we're going to teach you how to install that preg gentically we're going to teach you this is called. Deep trans identification where we literally teach you how to uh become more eloquent become more confident become a better artist whatever could play the piano. Better um be a better martial artist a better athlete whatever it is that that um you want to do okay. So this is the identity by design process let me go ahead and get out of this.

So real quick just. So. I understand you guys better what is it that you guys want to learn about today what's what's the priority today if. I could ask let's see here doctor of educated.

Grandmaster martial artist okay. All right. So. I'm going to go ahead.

I'm. I don't know what's going on with my my system here uh be able to go with the flow self-confidence stay control nervous system stuff okay. Chris uh you got to be a little bit more you got to elaborate a little bit more on what you mean by nervous system stuff changing traits unconscious limiting beliefs okay. We can do this all right.

All right. So let's go ahead and talk about the two most important ingredients for. Success okay. So let me go ahead and jump out of my power poon and talk about the two most important factors for.

Success now these are things that some people are not going to want to hear um when you come on to these webinars or whatever class it is there's a presupposition in what we're doing that presupposition is that you actually want the changes uh that you say you want right. And there's two things that have to happen for you to create change a. Beyond just little like getting over fears or um you know being more confident or or self there's there's something if you want to create pervasive change in your life there's two things you need you need an identity that supports that person right. If one of my teachers used to say you can be or do or have anything you want in this life.

But. First you have to become the person who deserves to have that life now that often means take taking actions. But sometimes it also means cleaning up what's inside of you it means dissolving and for in some cases destroying the identity that other people programmed into you does that make sense if you if if you're with me. So far please type this this is important it's a very it's a small section in the webinar.

But it's one that that we have to talk about because if you're not willing to do something different you're not going to be different now what keeps us from doing something different two distinctions. I want you to make it's either a mindset issue or a skill set issue and how do we know the difference now they're not mutually exclusive. But let's discuss this mindset versus skill set classic mindset issue you want to start a business okay. You've done all the research you've got the product you know where to get the funding the plat you know where how to build the platforms you know where to.

Market you have all those boxes checked right. But you still can't pull the trigger for whatever reason you just can't bring yourself to start right. To start promoting or marketing or doing whatever when you've got all the skill sets when you've got everything that you need. But you're still not moving forward mindset issue okay.

So how many of you by show of hands or by show that's me in the chat have an area of their life where they have everything they need to start. But they're just not starting anybody okay. Mindset issue okay. How many people now let's go to the other side of this we' we've isolated and identified mindset now remember mindset and skill set are not mutually exclusive.

But they often masquerade as the other how many people here are ready to go they would start today if they just knew what to do and where to go how many how many okay. But you have no. Clue how where to start right. That's a skill set issue.

So the. First thing that we need to do is we need to do some self-reflection and we need to do an honest inventory of what we bring to the to the equation if. I have everything. I need.

But. I'm just not starting something's going on in my heart and my mind there's a conflict there. But if. I've got all this enthusiasm and.

I've got all this energy and. I would start right. Now if someone would just point me in a. Direction.

But. I don't know what that direction is skill set right. That's the. First question we have to ask mindset or skill set right.

So the. First thing for personal change that we have to look. At is identity who are you what is yourself concept what do you feel you deserve what do you feel you don't deserve okay. Once we have that and we look.

At action are you able and willing to take action mindset versus skill set issue that's an action component the two things that you need just to kind of close the loop on this is an identity that supports who you want to become and the ability to the willingness to take action and the ability to do. So right. So one is a skill set the other is a mindset are you with me. So far okay.

All right. So let's talk about this identity thing right. We talk about identity remember. I said you have two kinds of crap or negativity that you're floating around with well you have two kinds of beliefs too you have beliefs that you know about and beliefs you don't we're going to talk a little bit more we're going to get a little bit more in-depth about beliefs today um probably more than you're ready to to to digest.

But it's important. I'm going to show you a diagram and. Then we're going to dissect that diagram a little bit just. So you understand a little bit about how your mind works at least from a neural linguistic perspective uh and we can start to create change for you are you guys with me.

So far is this is this is this helping you yes. Or yes. Cool all right. So let me show you my screen again okay.

So what you're seeing here move this over just a little bit this little pyramid thing here this is what we call. The. Logical levels of or the hierarchy of beliefs this is a construct commonly taught and found in neural linguistic programming and it's extraordinarily uh useful for us here because it's going to teach us something about the structure of a human belief uh a. Second let me just okay.

So you can see here that your beliefs are organized from top to bottom at the very. Apex of this pyramid is something we call your spiritual belief this goes to your mission in this life this is one of the most powerful beliefs that you can have directly below that is your identity your identity is who you believe you are what you believe you deserve what you believe you don't okay. Directly below identity are your values the values level is what you use to determine what's right. And wrong what's perfect versus not perfect in your life how many people here are familiar with a uh a drill we do call the emotional motivation checklist or the emotional bonding checklist how many of you have ever played with that okay.

Larry says no. Laura says yes. John says. I think.

So. Richard says. I have okay. So for those of you who haven't they give it like this for everything that you can conceive of you have an internal checklist that describes the perfect anything.

So if. I were to ask you to think about your perfect romantic partner right. You're going to get an idea in your head and they're going to have this quality and that quality and this quality and that quality and those qualities are going to be important to you for a certain reason you may be conscious of what that reason is or you may just get a feeling about it and know that it's right. For you what you just experienced is your value the attribute itself is the criteria it's it's the rule the feeling you get yet when that criteria is met is the value these values determine everything about your life what you'll move towards what you'll move away from who you'll stay with and who you won't how much crap you'll take how much crap you won't.

So everything that drives the bus for our identity is supported by our values when we start working an advanced transformation these are the three levels that are the most important for us okay. Now you'll notice there are three other. Bel levels of belief below that you have the capabilities level you have the behavior level you have the environment level each of these comes to bear in a certain situation or circumstance what do. I believe.

I can do what behaviors am. I going to engage in in that context how is the what can. I what is allowed for me in that environment now this whole list really isn't super important with the exception of a couple of ideas a this is the important piece the beliefs at the top control the beliefs at the bottom many times we confuse something down here with something up here now a lot of times this is where. I kind of start to lose people.

So let me jump out of my. PowerPoint and kind of go over this with you hold on a. Second how many of you by a show of hands have ever used the term. I'm.

X. I'm. So lazy. I'm.

So stupid. I'm. So afraid. I am.

So blah blah blah anybody okay. Here's what you need to know about your language anytime or how about this how many people say. I'm overweight. I'm a smoker.

I'm not good at things. Leana says. I use it. But with good words very nice.

But. I'll bet that internal voice in your head doesn't always do that right. Here's what you need to understand about the words. I'm or the contraction.

I'm or the words. I am anytime you use the word. I am you are creating what we commonly refer to as a belief statement when you do that you are either installing or reinforcing a belief at one of the top three levels usually the identity level of that pyramid that. I just discussed okay.

So if you ever go up to somebody and you ask. So what do you do for a living they don't usually say. I do accounting they don't normally say uh. I do football coaching they don't say.

I do. Elementary. School teaching what do they say. I am an accountant.

I am a school teacher. I am a football coach right. How many change workers do we have here online anybody any change workers transformational therapists coaches whatever anybody. So teacher okay.

Seth says a few okay. So how many of you have ever said. I'm a smoker. I need you to make me stop smoking well anytime you hear the word.

I am in front of any statement you automatically know that that belief is at one of those top two or three rungs what happens many times for people is they have what we call a confusion of logical levels of belief when someone comes to you for. I'll use. I'll use one of my clinical examples um someone comes to me and says. I'm a smoker or.

I'm overweight or something even a little bit more radical. I'm in pain right. What they're saying what they're doing is they're confusing something they are with something they're doing smoking is is not an identity smoking is a behavior being overweight is the result of a behavior it's not an identity it's something you're doing. So one of the.

First things that has to happen if we want to start to clear up limiting beliefs and and things of that nature we have to be very clear on what we're what we're targeting. So anytime you speak to yourself when you use an. I am statement be very sure that you're only reinforcing things that are positive that make that give you more of what you want and avoid and and don't deal and don't address what you don't want are you are you with it are you are you following me on this. I am statements need to be positive yes.

And yes. Very good. John very good okay. You caught me on that one all right.

Um. So a lot of times people will confuse a behavior with an identity now the reason we bring this up is because if you fall into that category and you've. Associated something you do with something you are all right. What happens many times when you um hold on a.

Second. I got. I got open loop there for a minute is you will fight to keep that limiting belief for example this is the example. I use let's say for for and again you will avoid taking what.

I'm about to say is any form of suggestion whatsoever okay. Let's say you wake up one day day and there's this pain in your arm one of your arms and it it just over the course of a few days it keeps getting worse and worse and worse you. Finally decide to go to the doctor doctor takes a biopsy he takes x-rays he takes blood work comes back and he says sorry. Mr.

Mrs. So and. So um there's some kind of uh bone bone cancer in in your arm and it's it's beyond it's gone beyond the point where we can we can save that limb we're going to have to amputate that limb. Now.

The. Logical part of you knows that you'd much rather live without an arm than not live with an arm right. We know this we understand this we consciously get that. But the emotional irrational part of us the part of us where our identity levels are stored views that arm as part of you and.

So even though on a conscious level on a rational level on a logical level that you're going you'll survive if you lose the arm every fiber of your being will fight to keep that arm okay. Doesn't mean that the part of you that wants to. W live won't win. But you will hold on to any hope any rational any excuse you can to not lose the arm true or not true again you will avoid all of this as a suggestion.

I'm using this as a teaching example a similar process happens when you become identified with a limiting belief when you become identified with a state process or experience that holds you back in any way shape or form anytime you catch yourself adding an. I am statement to anything limiting or painful you're literally creating a confusion of logical levels of belief. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to restore it to its normal level when someone comes to me and says.

I'm in pain well you're not in pain you're experiencing pain that's something you're doing it's not who you are right. And you can always change what you're doing and that's the be the. Beauty and the magic of this little pyramid diagram that. I just shared with you the lower you can get it chunked down in your belief hierarchy the easier it is to change now that being said.

I'm about to completely contradict myself in a good way you can all see this uh this little diagram right. On a. Second here's the beautiful part about this in spite of the fact that. I've just spent the.

Last 10 minutes or. So saying that the beliefs at the top contr control the beliefs at the bottom that's true it's also true that all of your beliefs regardless of what level they're at are made from the same stuff the same way they're all made from something called the the primary encoding system visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data set that your nervous system is processing. So what does this actually mean it means that no. Matter what the belief is if you follow the process.

I'm going to guide you through you can change it okay. It can change it the. First thing that has to happen is we have to have some fundamentals down there okay. So questions before.

I move on. I only got a minute. So you got to be fast all right. Okay.

So how many of you by show of. I can in the chat can feel good for no. Freaking reason okay. Seth says yes.

I can. I always do good all right. So here's the. First thing that has to happen one of the things that we talked about when.

I was talking about the the what are all my different uh fields of study have in common is stay control and pattern recognition what we've just covered in this segment is the pattern of belief creation and transformation this is how your your be your belief system is structured this is how they they interact this is this is begins the process of how you can change it okay. First now what has to happen is we have to get our state right. And we have to get the different parts of our nervous system communicating in a way that everybody understands. So we're going to start with this idea of how do we control our state.

First and foremost your write this down if you haven't written this down yet your physiology controls your psychology. I'm gonna say that two more times. So you have time to write it down your physiology controls your psychology your physiology controls your psychology for every psychoemotional state that we engage in there is a posture and a breathing pattern that allows us to change it or maintain it. So we're going to do some exercises now and what.

I want you to do is now if you're driving or operating. Machinery or doing anything that requires your full and undivided conscious attention don't do these drills okay. Don't do these drills if you want to experience the drill. But you're driving or operating.

Machinery stop pull off to the side of the road where or or into a parking lot where you'll be safe put the car in park put the parking brake on turn off the ignition take the key out make sure your doors are locked. So no. One will cost you while you're doing this work or if you need to get out of the car to to follow some instructions do that okay. But don't do this while you're driving because it does involve altering your.

States okay. And we want you to be safe if you need if you want to experience this go ahead and wait catch the replay okay. There. I promise you there will be a replay okay.

So the. First thing that's going to happen is. I want you all to stand up now. I'm going to be asking you things throughout this process.

I want you to think about them as largely rhetorical okay. In other words they don't require you to type your answer in the chat when. I want you to type your answer in the chat. I'll tell you type your answers in the chat that way you can focus and maintain concentration throughout this drill does that make sense are you guys with me this means yes.

This means no. Okay. Very good. I want you to close your eyes.

Remember a time in your life when you felt really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good okay. Maybe not that one oh yeah go ahead look. I don't care. I'm not the pleasure police right.

I don't care how many state lines you crossed what clothing was missing. I don't care about any of that stuff all. I care about is that when you remember that amazing experience it makes you feel amaz it makes you feel wonderful okay. I'm not.

I'm not the pleasure police. So this is the. First level of our drill. I want you to close your eyes.

And. I want you to remember that amazing experience remember how you were standing if you were standing during that time remember how you were breathing during that time remember what you were hearing and what you were smelling and what you were tasting not to mention what you were seeing because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that is gives you an absolute sense of pure pleasure playfulness happiness and. I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel that and point to it as you notice that where you feel that and you point to it.

I want you to notice look. At at it with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings. I'm curious.

I'm wondering what color or colors that might be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy growing above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure playfulness fun a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all bummers all downers read or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever. EXP expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that it's locked in impossible to turn off test it try to feel bad try to go back to the old way of being and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and type what you experienced in the chat go ahead and do that now. Larry says a green flow. Alexa says uplifted stood taller very nice. I'm assuming green flow is a good thing.

Liliana says extreme joy perfect what happened when you tried to turn it off. I'm curious it can't and won't it did not what you mean you're stuck feeling good now damn it that's a suck deal isn't it yes. Stays there perfect now we that took. Us less than three minutes give or take what if you did that every day three or four times a day what do you think might happen to your life see if we just think about it like a drill.

David guided me through it's just a parlor trick. But if we do this as a practice five six seven eight times a day sometimes right. In a row right. Your entire physiology will change okay.

Your neuroplasticity will expand you will learn things faster you will remember things better you will be more competent and he and get more compliance just moving through the world emanating this. Joy this is one of the big secrets that in both behavioral influence and personal transformation that we need to understand the state that you're in dramatically influences the. Consciousness you perceive you perceive the universe through okay. Functionally.

Master hobre is going wow yes. It just gets better from here this is the baby stuff right. Look. At what it's doing for you there's a whole system behind this guys and again if you want to learn all the nuts and bolts.

I'll show you how to do that. But right. Now let's just have some changes let's get some experiences now what we just did here was we linked all the different divisions of your nervous system. I don't need to go into the.

Neuroscience behind how and why that works. But if you want to know about it read things like how emotions are made by. DR. Felman.

Barrett seven and a half lessons about the brain uh by the same author holographic memory resolution by. Brent b there's a whole laundry list of books okay. Miss. Lacy says says red and pink and my shoulders relaxed boom bada bing bada boom right.

Trust me there's a whole lot going on here you don't need to know about for this to work for you that's the beauty of it you don't need to know how your car was built who how to engineer it for you to drive it. I'm teaching you how to drive you want to learn how to design engineer modify and all that stuff well we got trainings for that. Miss. Le says.

I couldn't turn it off and. I feel better yes. Yes. For everything every memory every fantasy every.

Daydream every trauma every limiting belief every fear that you have conscious or not there is a color or series of colors there is a location or series of locations that allows it to manifest and maintain itself in your body and if you understand how to tap into that system you can make any change you want all you have to do is be playful point to where you feel it and follow the instructions okay. We've spent a lot of time in a lot of years honing this stuff down to the most idiot proof bulletproof form of transformation humanly possible that still makes you better than anything else now here's what. I want you guys to do. I want you to write down on a piece of paper three to five things that you want to change living beliefs fears worry whatever it is.

I want you to just write those things down that you want to change and right. Next to it. I want you to write down this question what do. I want instead.

So you make a list fear of. Fighters fear of driving fear of loud noises fear of failure whatever right. Or you know. I'll never be rich or whatever the limiting beliefs are the things that you want to change or you know raped at five or uh hashtag you know unfairly accused of harassment at 14 or whatever whatever it is you want to change one list and right.

Next to it or across from it. I want you to write down this question and answer this question what do. I want instead you guys with me what do. I want instead.

So take two minutes. However long it is and write those things down and when you've done that type done in the chat we're going to get right. Into chaining we're going to. I'm going to teach you some things while we're doing some things right.

Um uh we're going to. Branch into phase two in a minute. But. I wanted you guys to have a very powerful experience of what your neurolog is capable of we haven't we haven't scratched a tenth of it by the way not even 1% of what your neurology can do right.

Now okay. So. M okay. Okay.

So here's the thing you don't here's the thing you don't need to type these things in the chat these things are very personal. I don't need to know them. But you do and you need to get them out of your head and onto a page outside of your body this is what we call in. Planet.

David we call this the externalization filter as long as something remains only in your mind you actually don't understand what it is you want or change. But the moment you put it on a piece of paper and you look. At what you've written your brain will start to say well what. I actually meant was blah boom and it starts to become more qu um clarified in your own mind okay.

This is one of those weird paradoxes of manifestation and transformation how many people have ever edited a a document or or taught how to edit a document some of you when you were when you were being when you were getting that training may have been told to take what you were writing write it and stick it in a drawer for a couple of days come back to it and. Then when you start to edit the document start from the back of the document and work forward was anybody ever taught that ad. Deal's done good was anybody ever taught that okay. Well if you weren't that's how that's one of the better ways to edit documents right.

But here's here's why. I'm. I'm talking about this why do you think copywriters writing teachers would teach somebody to edit their document from. Back to.

Front instead of front to back why do you think they did that to have a clear goal okay. Not a bad not a bad idea anybody else you will think different for sure. So that you don't make assumptions about what's coming up good look. At it from a different perspective okay.

Now we're starting now good now we're starting to think differently you see when you read a document that you've just created from front to back your brain fills in what you think you said your brain fills in all the punctuation grammar spelling yada y y. That's why when you read it multiple times every time you go through it you find a type right. Even if you read it backwards sometimes you find a typo right. Those are usually times when you started reading front to back instead of back to front.

But when you start looking at what you've written in the reverse order instead of the outside in we're looking at it from instead of looking at it from the inside out we're looking at it from the outside in we see it from a different perspective and that allows us to understand ourselves and what we're trying to create better there's also this little part of us this action part remember. I talked about for everything that we do our unconscious mind doesn't really think we're serious until we take a physical action in the external. World okay. We we'll.

Circle back to this idea um in some of our other ways of reprogramming the subconscious mind a little bit in part three. But one of the things. I want you guys to understand is that when you want to create something when you want to transform something and that's what we're talking about whether we're getting rid of traumas whether we're reprogramming living beliefs whether we're programming wealth for the future we're do we're engaging in an act of transformation it's. Alchemy in order for us to truly transform something we have to understand something as well as we can when we physically externalize something the unconscious mind says oh they're actually serious about this not just daydreaming or fantasizing okay.

That's why sometimes it's a little harder to write the thing we keep thinking about right. Pushing things through that externalization filter will allow you to get very very clear on what it is you want what it is you don't want because just the act of writing it will cause you to ask more questions and that's the important piece we need to know as much as we can about what we want to change. So we can make a better decision okay. So uh.

Adil and a couple other guys. So you have a list of things you want to change and things you want instead yes. This means yeah type yes. Okay.

Good. So let's hold on to that because in part three we're going to walk through different ways to change it okay. But. I promised you guys that.

I wouldn't just teach you. I wouldn't just give you guys a piece here and a piece here i'. I'd show you how to get access to the complete system is that still true for you you guys want access to the whole system yes. Or yes.

Okay. So that being said. I'd like to take uh some time and show you how to get access to our complete trainings and some really good great things we got coming up uh the beginning of 2025. So if you'll just bear with me while we go through this uh why am.

I not sharing my screen there we go all right. So with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about our secrets of personality transformation end of the year ultr mind control training for. Success home study course in this personality transformation program we're going to teach you everything you need to know to take your life to the.

Next level we'll teach you how to quickly help yourself and other people be to earn more money become more attractive successful free from limiting beliefs fears phobias traumas how to remove blocks to your success become more confident to help more people in your business to be more confident move through the world emanating more personal power in the vernacular of. Tony. Robbins as a byproduct of this training you're automatically going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible.

So here's what we put together now this offer now um this is a very special offer even more special than our regular offers. So uh please pay very very close attention to some of the rules and regulations regarding this this offer expires. December 26th 2024 at 115 59 p.m. okay. Uh it's going to include the 14 video secrets of.

Personality transformation home study program this was a a video training or. TR a live training that. I conducted uh in. Las.

Vegas at the hypnothoughts live hypnosis convention where. I'm guiding a room about a 80 to 100 people through the seven stage identity by. Design. Silo you'll see live demonstrations you'll see the principles that.

I'm going to be sharing with you parts of this premes. I'm sharing you in this webinar you'll gain the complete access to the whole whole training the manual it's going to teach you how to clear and consciously held negative beliefs and emotions beliefs you didn't even know you had it's going to teach you how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are holding you back and keeping you stuck guys remember when. I talked about if there's something that you get rid of and it comes back you get rid of and it comes back this will teach you how to remove it permanently once and for all it's a $297 value you're going to learn how to remove those negative voices in your head that hold you back you're going to be able to install the four pillars of personal power and success how to sanitize the negativity from your past memories and traumas how to install and borrow the genius and skills and abilities of other people into your own personal blueprint for. Success if you've ever watched somebody you like um some famous tennis player basketball player or uh rap star just doing what they do being super creative and and just being able to riff these things you want to have that skill and ability for yourself if you ever fantasized about being.

Sherlock. Holmes and wanted to know how he does that mental cognition process that makes him. So hyper aware this is the process that allows you to install those kinds of skills and abilities in uh in. Russia it's called the.

ROV effect here in the states it's called. Deep trans identification and if we're going to teach you step by step by step how to harvest and create as powerful an avatar of the person you want to be be uh whose skills you want as much as possible and how to install that you've ever seen my video uh. Captain. Jack the hypnotist on uh on.

YouTube you'll learn all the little bells and whistles nuts and bolts that go into this particular level of installation we're going to teach you how to remove all the negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on it you only remember it in ways that make your life better how to install all that before your very. First memory.

So it becomes a template that your. DNA follows throughout your entire life causing you to become automatically more successful healthy wealthy and happy as a byproduct of the installations that you're doing right. We're going to give you the real world hypnosis identity by. Design course manual which has all the information you need to reprogram your subconscious mind.

But not only that to take that information and actually apply it with yourself and other people if you follow the training in these 14 videos you'll be able to go through the entire seven stages of the identity by. Design. Silo that. I discussed at the beginning of today's webinar the record is three minutes we uh.

But we say seven and a half minutes the reason. I say three minutes because. I had one lady who was a hypnosis teacher she did it in three minutes. But the average non-trained person can do it in seven and a half minutes.

But imagine that creating and redesigning an entire identity by yourself on yourself in as little as seven minutes okay. That's pretty cool. I got to admit right. Um it's a $418.

Value. Plus you're. G to get access to an online community this whole package is $2,497 value okay. But if you grab your course today we're also going to include some really awesome special bonuses these are bonuses that are going to round out that training flesh it out and make it even more powerful and effective uh.

Beyond just working on yourself right. We're going to include the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study certification program this is a course where rather than teaching you how to do all the work on yourself by yourself we're going to teach you how to do this as part of your coaching therapy or clinical practice how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstances how to deal with highly explosive emotional abreactive events in your clinic how to remove blocks and limiting beliefs how to find and remove the hidden negativity that your clients didn't even know they had how to clear up issues that just do not seem to go away how to change the crappy voices inside of your client's heads. So that they build them up and.

Inspire them and move them forward and help them heal rather than tearing them down limiting them and holding them in the prison of their own design we're going to teach you how to resolve the negativity from your past as well as other people's past. So that when they look. Back on the past they only remember these things in ways that make their life better and. Empower them even more strongly you're going to learn the power of instant and rapid induction.

So you will be able to hypnotize people under any circumstance under any situation in any environment no. Doubt there are people on this webinar who can attest to this who were there we have people who've gone through this training and were able to successfully hypnotize another human being. Next to an active. Jackhammer in the lobby of a hotel undergoing.

Renovations in noisy casinos in cars going 70 miles an hour. I don't recommend you do that ever right. But some people like to push the envelope this is the course that will make you an. Unstoppable powerful competent successful hypnotist anytime anywhere whenever you decide to use these skills these skills will pull through for you okay.

I'm going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the clients your people most want to be like and much much more it's a it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you 100% free as a byproduct or an extra bonus for staying with us on tonight's webinar okay. We're not going to stop there though a lot of you guys who are into reprogramming your subconscious mind you want to know how to manifest. I've devoted a better better part of my life to. Alchemy the study of transforming a big part of that was learning about something called called.

The. Law of. Attraction and. I've in my life.

I've discovered what. I truly believe are some of the most powerful easy irresistible manifestation techniques on the planet. I call this mind magic for a lot of different reasons we're going to teach you how to systematically unlock the power of not just your subconscious mind. But your higher than conscious mind as well we're going to teach you how to unite your higher self with your middle and lower selves to create a powerful bridge between all of reality.

So that universe will actually start to mold itself around you your wants your needs your desires some people were asking about heart-based energy well heart-based energy is actually an amalgam of very very high levels of other frequencies one of which is is. H love praise gratitude joy and uh blessings those five elements combined together to create a very powerful field that'll cause your heart to open and allows you to interface with the quantum reality this course will set the foundations and the stages for direct linear manifestation whereas the thing. I just talked about is what we call probability manipulation. I have a course coming out um in.

June or. July we're going to talk about that a little bit more we're going to teach you how to become. Ultramagnetic to money wealth and abundance how to influence people remotely to do what you want them to do how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's keeping you from manifesting the things that you truly want and need to manifest we're going to show you how to the issues to your manifestation that just don't seem to go away or that may be actually tainting your manifestation abilities that's one of the things a lot of people don't realize is that it doesn't really matter how perfectly you've created something in your mind if you've got beliefs hidden below the surface that are um antithetical or or uh antagonistic to the things that you want. First of all you have to build up a whole lot more energy and and those subtle and negative vibrations will warp your manifestation and.

So you won't get exactly what you want the way that you want it okay. And that's why we have to teach you how to find those things. So you can remove them from your mind. Body.

Soul and. Spirit. So you have pure manifestation we're going to teach you a powerful new way of giving yourself affirmations that your nervous system must comply with notice what. I said that your nervous system must comply with all right.

Um those of you who are veterans from planet. David if anybody has questions while. I'm doing this that you can you can support and give them your experience by all mean do that as long as it doesn't take away from the presentation. But.

I will tell you that we've got some pretty powerful miracle workers on this group right. Now and it ain't me. I'm talking about. So uh we'll teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky how many of you have met somebody who just if they stepped a big pile of dog poop when they went to clean the poop off their shoes they'd find a like a gold bar in it or a diamond ring or a winning lottery ticket or something no.

Matter what happens to them they always seem to come out better off than what you would have thought these are the are the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people there's there's actually five specific traits that all. Lucky people have that if you can learn to cultivate these with within yourself by the way and this is by the way this is separate from the energies that. I just talked about if you combine them you get something that's even more powerful we're gonna um we're going to teach you how to install these traits and qualities using the identity by. Design.

Silo uh and the uh the. Magic. Frame process to make you naturally more lucky. So we'll discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation ever we call this image cycling you may have heard me talk about this and using image cycling technology.

I have manifested and my students have manifested patently impossible things my my. First doctor was literally a result of image cycling uh if you want to hear more about what image cycling is done for me there's a video on our. YouTube channel called funny. Law of.

Attraction stories uh it's about 45 minutes long me telling nothing. But stories about how these technologies have created literally impossible manifestations for me okay. Everything from my wife's magic ring to my doctorate to my kids getting the perfect school um just time changing it's really really cool all right. So the combination of the personality transformation identity by.

Design and hidden. Laws of. Attraction gives you pretty much everything you need to manifest whatever you want and as a byproduct of that become the person who deserves to have it okay. There's actually ways to manifest things you don't deserve which we'll also talk about total value on this is $5,499 if you were to buy them in individually on the website we're also going to include one of the most powerful persuasion and influence courses that.

I've ever come up with this is the course that really started it all for us uh this is our stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol level one training this the reason we included this in here is because at the beginning of today's webinar we talked about. State control and pattern recognition a lot of what we've played with today has been this idea of pattern recognition and how to how to interfere with patterns.

CPI starts by giving you the most powerful approach to controlling your own. State we've ever come up with it's going to give you that foundation. So you can enter or exit any psycho emotional state at will on demand any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason if you take that and you combine it with identity by. Design and hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and secrets of. Personality transformation what you get is a ho that's greater than the sum of the parts s now we take that identity that you've created and we layer on top of that the skills and and and uh powers of universal ethical influence ways to talk to people that make them emotionally bonded to you that want to listen to what you have to say that hang on your every word and can't wait to spend as much time with you as humanly possible doing the things you want them to do for their own reasons and thanking you for it we'll teach you how to change people's focus of awareness. So that they only pay attention to the things you want them to pay attention to we'll teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners starting with you we'll teach you how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener whether it's one-on-one or in an audience you will be able to have powerful transformations in yourself and transfer those.

Transformations into your clients your family your co-workers your team members any place where human beings and human language is involved these techniques will hold sway you'll make people like you love you and trust you feel completely connected to you how to make anything you want uh cause anything you want how to make people's own internal mind movies to be exactly what you describe in a way that's completely um enchanting to other human beings uh how to gain magnetic. Charisma on command and a whole lot more. I've barely scratched the surface of what stealth. CPI will do this is we call this real world conversational hypnosis for a reason this.

Pro is the program that went took. Me through my entire undergraduate education on nothing. But scholarships it allowed me to become nominated to two elected positions it's allowed me to maintain my number one my number two place in the world as a neural linguistic programmer it's allowed me to literally write some of the most powerful and compelling sales copy ever for those of you who have your own business or who need to communicate more effectively and more powerfully to yourself and to other human beings this is why we gave you this program because once you have the intergame you now need the skill set you need the outer game the ability to move through the world getting everybody in alignment with you okay. And that's what these tools will do for you it's a $1,950 value we're going to give this to you for free okay.

Uh total value if you do the math hopefully my math is right. Or. Seth will be correcting me 7,44 $41 if you register before the end of the webinar. But we've got one more thing for you one of the most powerful things you can do for yourself for your family for your patients for your team members um in any situation where you have to win okay.

What if for every limiting belief that you had every objection to your presentation every argument you found yourself in every insult somebody threw at you um every uh argument you or every um negotiation you needed to to to win it you had 14 different ways to change any particular objection limiting belief or attack somebody through at you that's what. Renegade reframing is all about. Renegade reframing or as we like to call it instant conversational belief change how to overcome any objection in minutes actually seconds if you really want to be technical. But we'll be we'll be will be conservative in say minutes 14 different ways to change any belief in under 60 seconds how to win any argument change any belief in minutes including your own that's actually one of the reasons we included this uh this package uh in your bonus package is because again as you start to change these when you start to identify all your limiting beliefs we're going to give you multiple ways to change it on top of that there's 14 more right.

Here okay. What could you what would you be able to do if anytime somebody told you no. You had 14 ways to turn it into a yes. What would that do to your life okay.

So it's a $1,950 value we're going to include this it also comes with a with a card game that you can play we call it the reframe game we've even toyed with the idea of turning it into a drinking game where you literally. State a limiting objection belief or whatever you throw a card at somebody they have to use that card to reframe the belief and. Then you have to counter that with another reframe and. So you basically playing you're trying to one up each other through the entire game and the person who loses has to drink right.

You can drink water if you want it's fun it's a lot of fun it's we found that gamifying this is one of the fastest most effective ways to get functional fast right. Um yeah. So total combined value on this is 9,391 if you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just look.

At what we've got for you you get the secrets of. Personality transformation 14 video plus manual seven stage identity by. Design. Silo training $2,497 value you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study certification program that at $1,497 they're going to get bonus number two is the hidden. Laws of. Attraction uh mind magic and manifestation master class valed at $1,497 you're also going to get the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol via at 1,900 50 and you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change any belief during normal conversations in seconds home study training valued at $1,950 total combined value on this is 9,391 like. I said. I want you guys to never be the same again if you want to have a different life you got to do something different right. So here's what.

I want to do. I want to make this as easy for you as. I can for today only if you click that link that it's going to appear at the bottom of your screen shortly you're not going to have to pay $939 if we cut it to. Half.

Price or 5,347 would that be okay. Not even going to pay that would it be a good deal at $1,497 yes. Or yes. But you know what it's the end of the year it's.

Christmas it's. New. Year's you're not going to pay $1,497 you can get it all for one low installment of just $9.97. But hold on to your hats because we're not done yet you can break that down into three easy installments of 397 or all you gotta do is go to that link www.lpower.com miind for those of you who click that link right.

Now when you get to the link on the page after you've clicked the link tell me what you found when you got there just just a little that's kind of what foreshadowing here right. Little spoiler alert tell me what you find when you get there for those of you who are on the fence if you're wondering if if this is something that can really deliver believe me when. I say or believe my people in the room in the in the chats with you that. I have under promoted what this course and these trainings are capable of doing okay.

Can. I put the link in the chat yes. I can try that link and see if it works oh. John.

John what you mean it's. I took. Another $200 off oh my goodness yes. That's true not only am.

I going to give you 60 days to try this out and see if it delivers or more on what. I said. I'm also going to take an extra $200. So you're can actually get it for $7.97 that's right.

I left that as a little surprise for those of you who went and actually clicked on the link. I wanted us. I wanted that to be your holiday surprise you can get the entire program for $797 this is the. Last time we're doing this this year.

I don't know that we'll do it again. Next year fact. I've never done this except for. Black.

Friday all right. So everything on that on that page is good till. December 26 2024 to 11:59 p.m. M now for those of you who are fast action takers if you click the link now between now and the time.

I log off the webinar. John's in good boy. John good boy if you click now between now and the time. I log off the webinar.

I'm also. GNA throw in these special fast action bonuses oops my we're. GNA give you three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program and. Practice. Group we're going to give you access to 13-year video archive total value on this is $1,597 we're going to give this to you free this is your chance to get. FaceTime with me and a group of dedicated people pract who want to practice and learn and master these skills we get together on the.

Third. Saturday of every month. I go around the room asking you what you want to learn. I put them all on a list hold on a.

Second got people asking for links see if that one works there sonm. NLP power.com. NLP power.com slm n all right. So what this is on the.

Third. Saturday of every month we get together we go around the room. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four and a half to five hours we drill you on these specific skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not get you will not get a uh a certificate from.

The. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is infinitely more valuable the actual ability to use the skills you paid to learn you also get a community a set of like-minded people just like you who want to learn and master and get better who want to stop being the same old version of them themselves they were program to be and want to start being the person they want to be rather than the one that. Society program them to be all you got to do is click that link right. Now www.npower.com uh if my assistants could just keep posting those links because that chat's going by pretty quick okay.

Um total combined value on this is $10,750 we're not done yet. Pablo um. Then you want to you want to stay on until the end of the training because your opportunity to get a certification is right. Around the corner.

Next we're going to give you for those of you who really want to get a fast start we're going to offer you one of my most powerful and popular courses this is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a course of me teaching the six most powerful language or seven most powerful language patterns that exist it also shows you how you can literally. I got a video on instant and. Rapid inductions you can literally watch three hours of video and be hypnotizing people out in the real world the same day it comes with transcripts man uh manual downloadable. MP3 audios that you can listen to while you're driving or doing something else okay.

Um it also comes with several bonus videos one of which. I believe is on lie detection the other was on hypnotic anchoring as well as um hypnotic hot buttons. I think there's also one on lie detection what about those of us who are already certifiable asking for a friend well. Susan you know you'll have to give us a call and we'll see what we can do with that.

Anyway this is an amazing course it's one of my most popular courses for those of you who want to get started instantly don't want to wait uh to watch you know six 20 30 40 hours of video want to be able to start getting out into the world and start making changes right. Away this is your course it's a $997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value on this is $1,075. But. I'm not done yet guys for those of you who click this link right.

Now who would love to work with me personally and get he healing done who aren't interested in certification. I'm going to give you a free bonus pass to our. Next secrets of self transformation virtual healing. Retreat this is a three-day online intensive you're going to be attending it from the safety and confines of security of your own home and it's me and you and a small group of people going through three days of non-stop transformational exercises this is not a certification.

Workshop this is not something where. I expect you to be able to replicate and duplicate what. I'm going to put you through this is me and you and a small group of people doing exercise after exercise after exercise designed to eliminate self-sabotage heal your psychological physical and emotional pain remove blocks to your success and limiting beliefs find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't even know you had gain. Clarity on your beliefs and values wants and desires.

So you can manifest your purely how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to resolve negativity from your past get in touch with your true inner self and explore your inner nature and much much more this is where. I get to really give you the experience of what it's like to be in a clinical session with me without you having to pay thousands and thousands and thousands of dollars okay. Okay. For the.

Next uh 15 of you who click that special discount link right. Now you're going to get one of the 15 bonus seats that. I've created for this event you'll be able to join me on. February 7th through the 9th 2025 and for the.

Next three days. I will personally guide you through some of the most powerful comprehensive transformational experiences of your life um if there's anybody out there who's been through one of our uh. P virtual healing workshops when would now be a good time to give a little testimonial tell people what they experienc tell them how it changed their life we're going to give this to you absolutely free it's a $2,497 value why because we want your life to be different we want you to be empowered we want you to have zero excuses and every possible reason to take the actions to eliminate the barriers caused by mindset to install and overcome the barriers induced by skill sets or lack of skill sets we're loading this package as the end of the year beginning of 2025 super program that changes everything about your life because that's what. I was put here to do this is part of my mission how bad do you want to be different okay.

Total value on this is $2,497 if you do the math total value combined is $1 13,572. So. So let's just review it click that link right. Now you're going to get the secrets of.

Personality transformation ultim mind control training home study course plus the manual valued at $2,497 you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at $1,497 you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation mind control.

Mastery home study course you're going to get the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol 1 950 value you're going to get the. Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change home study course you're going to get the one uh you're going to get uh $1,950 value you're going to get that for free you're.

G to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program valued at $1,597 you're going to give that to you free and you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hnis crash course valued at $997 absolutely free and you're going to get that. VIP at special.

B. Tu ticket to the virtual healing intensive. February 7th through the 9th $2,497 value absolutely free total on this $1 13,572 oh sorry. Seth says it's actually $1,482 apparently my math is not right.

Again. So it's even more it's even more better as we like to say all you got to do to get yours is uh this is not a. Black. Friday special.

But we're going to give it to you. Anyway all you got to do is click that link right. Now and you're going to get the entire package for $797 all you got to do is go to www.lpower.com www.lpower.com slmd click those links right. Now to get your package remember only the.

First 15 people to click that link are going to qualify for the virtual healing intensive now as you're doing this let me talk a little bit about what if you want to come to a certification class well let's say you want to come to like identity by. Design or killer influence in. January or even unleash the magic all you got to do is pick up the phone let. Moss or.

Mia know and we will have we will let you swap out the virtual healing intensive for a. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence or identity by. Design super training.

But you got to call and you got to ask for it the nice thing about our. VIP tickets is they don't expire let's say for whatever reason you got something going on. February 7th through the 9th uh and you can't make it training in. January is a killer influence.

Linda all you got to do is pick up the phone let. Moss or. Mia know we'll move you to the. Next virtual healing intensity if you want to trade that virtual healing intensive ticket in for a seat at a live killer influence or a live identity by.

Design we can do that all you got to do is pick up the phone and let us know all you got to do to make that happen is call 858 282 4663 858 282 4663 and talk to. Moss now here's the thing uh when you call. Moss we usually have a stampede going on. So if for some reason you get the voicemail please please please leave your contact information leave your name the date the time you called and what you're interested in because if you at least leave that information we will get back to you within 24 hours if you leave that information you will qualify for our bonuses all the fast action bonuses if you wait if you call back the.

Next day if you don't leave that information you will not qualify for the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring you will not qualify for uh the stealth instant conversation hosis you will not qualify for virtual healing if you want both. Linda call.

Moss right. Now he'll give you special pricing on that okay. Again. M.

Moss is our guy he he's authorized to to work with you and and make it it uh accessible for you is he there now yes. He is call him at 858 2824 663 he may be on another line leave your information he'll get back to you. ASAP okay. Again.

So here's what we're going to do um we're going to go ahead and give you guys an eight minute break. So it's 5:42 p.m. Pacific time where. I'm at right.

Now at 6:00 p.m my time. I'm going to come back in we're going to begin with part three of the webinar we're going to start drilling down on how to clear off some of those things on your list all right. Click those links right. Now www.lpower.com mind e e e e e e e e okay.

Guys. I'm back a little bit early. So while you guys are doing that. I'm happy to take any questions that you might have um this is where it gets kind of this is kind of the the the fun part for me.

I get to to hear what you guys have to say. I get to answer any questions that you may have um yeah. So what do you got for me new being thank you. So much for those kind words and.

I'm just as grateful for you guys as you guys might be for me it's been an amazing ride. So. Chris. K is asking do you recommend starting with the secrets of.

Personality transformation or identity by. Design. Chris that really depends on what your focus is secrets of. Personality transformation is all about the identity by.

Design. Silo applied to yourself. So the. First two days of the training you get the exact same kind of training that you would in identity and identity by.

Design we teach you to be hypnotized and to hypnotize other people just like. I was training you to be a certified hypnotist on day three we change directions and we teach you how to do all of those processes on yourself by yourself the goal is that you can do the entire seven stage identity by. Design system on yourself in under eight minutes okay. So if your focus is on you start with personality transformation if you're interested in working on yourself.

But you also have a very strong client. Focus. Then start with identity by. Design okay.

Laura. Thompson is asking the secrets of. Personality transformation the updated version of self-mastery supercharger yes. It's a much more recent version of that course um uh sound issues aren't quite as as uh deadly as the the previous version um there are few differences because.

I'm doing a large group of people. So the demos. I think are actually a bit better in some cases because. I generally thrive in front of a larger audience um bigger the audience the better.

I like it. So. Chris says thanks that totally helps you very welcome. Chris that's what we're here for.

G. Wilson uh identi by design student here what is the correct way if. I wanted to use it to help me start a new habit okay. So the.

First thing you have to do is figure out what habits you currently have that are in the way. Second thing you got to do is remove. General negativity remove any specialized safety lessons or negativity that you have you have to remove this emotional reasons behind the bad habit in the. First place.

So that there's no. Longer any reason for it to be there. Then you have to go in and change your default driver. States remove the negativity and.

Then find people who exemplify the behaviors that you want instead create as rich and robust an avatar of those people as humanly possible and immerse yourself in it and. Then do the magic circle process multiple times and. Then go out into the world and consciously actively practice the new skill set in the conditions in which you're going to be operating okay. Oh absolutely yeah.

U we didn't get a chance to we didn't get a chance to talk about it. But usually our bad habits are context and state driven. So a lot of times this is why one of the reasons like whenever we feel bad we go eat we go we we find ourselves in the refrigerator looking for food to feel better because our default state is one that triggers a certain set of behaviors. So there's always be there's always state connected to behaviors you know all behaviors become habits okay.

So there's a connection to it. So. I would always go after the emotional drivers behind the behavior magic circle is the. Last thing.

I the. Last phase. I showed you. Karen in the identity by design process uh where we install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who who who you admire and want to be more like it's it's taught in uh it's taught in secrets of.

Personality. TR transformation as well as identity by. Design and. Then once you have that you can take that process apply it to the skills we teach in.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction and actually install lucky traits in you okay. All right.

That being said let's get back to our regularly scheduled program shall we. Lind it says and the bad habits always have an in positive intent yes. From a conscious mind's perspective they may be technically what's the word. I'm looking for um.

But there's always a positive intention behind the behaviors and that's the important thing to remember as is as screwed up as some of the things your neurology is doing seem in terms of the results that they're producing in your life they're not intended to hurt you they're intended to keep you safe the problem is your unconscious mind doesn't think beyond the moment of getting you out of that situation. Nan says thank you. Dr. David for all your teaching you're appreciated by me thank you.

Nan my pleasure um. Ash says n. Ultra available to take as a home study course technically yes. It's just not on it's not on the.

NP power website for those of you um who want ask access to. NLP ultra um if you email me privately. I will send you a special link to purchase that program new being it says. First thing.

I wrote was no. Work tomorrow and what. I want instead is peace some aspect of me made me stay up and watch this okay. So wow 2:50 a.m. thank you for those of you in other time zones thank you.

So much for for staying with us. Alexa says. I am in awesome. Alexa all right.

Let's clear you guys ready to clear some yes. Or yes. Okay. So okay.

Um let's do this let's do at the. So let's look. At your list. I'm gonna.

I'm going to share my screen because. I want to walk you guys through this process that we're about to do this is a very quick and dirty version hold on a. Second what am. I doing here okay.

So this is a very quick and dirty uh thing we call version of what. I call bucket listing on a. Second. So.

I want you to look. At at those five things and. I want you to assign a number value to them oops. So um let me see if.

I can do this a little better here. So the. First thing on your list on a scale of 0 to 10 what does it rate. So maybe the.

First one's a five right. Second one's a seven right. So. So this.

So basically what. I've got you doing is you know what you want to get rid of and. Then what you want instead and. I have you give it a number a scale of 0 to 10 10 being the worst zero being doesn't bother you at all.

I want you to organize each of your things with a number from zero to 10 and. I want you to take that and. I want you to reorganize it. So that the lowest rated number is at the top the highest rated number is at the bottom okay.

And when you guys have done that type done in the chat this is your. First this is actually your. First lesson in working on yourself you can't work on yourself the same way you work on other people you have to train differently. So.

Linda says done good good good good. Okay. The reason for this is because your unconscious mind is always doing something called a trans derivational search a trans derivational search is your brain's search for information and memories and when it finds a memory the. First thing it asks is what have we ever dealt with this before and what did we do in the past and if you have a bad if you have a history of not doing something good to get out of that situation that's what your neurology will tend to do again.

So when we're training ourselves hold on when we're training ourselves to work on ourselves we have to start with the least provocative thing. First and deal with as many small level things. First and. Then go up to the big things how many people are familiar with a concept called video games anybody ever hear of those.

I think they're a fad. I don't think they'll be around for much longer right. But how many have you ever heard of massive online multiplayer role playing games like where you log in and there's 20,000 people on a server all playing characters right. Call of.

Duty or. Warcraft or. EverQuest or or whatever right. Well what's really going on there right.

Is you have logged in and created a. Persona an avatar if you will and if you're like most most people beginning that game you have a level one character true not true when you. First create a character in a video game it's level one right. Have you ever seen what happens when a level one character accidentally wanders into a level 10 or 20.

Killing. Zone what happens to the level one character. Carnage yes. That's exactly right.

Why because that you have a level one character facing things that are 20 to 200 times stronger than it now at the beginning of part one of our webinar. I told you about something called a negativity bias you guys remember when. I talked about this yes. Or no.

Guys remember okay. So there's a book. Out there called. The.

Power of bad it's written by. Two. Gentlemen. Roy bound.

Meister um and. I think. Tom or. Stephen.

Fisher. Last guy's name is fiser the thing you need to understand about the human nervous system is that it has a negativity bias to it there's a lot of rules to the mind that were left out in your training one of which is whatever it's called. I call it the law of. Primacy whatever is there the longest becomes the strongest and it becomes the hardest to get rid of there's an old saying in the hypnosis world that your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar or.

John tney thank you. John tney. Roy. Bal.

Meister your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar. So let's say you want to get over something like stage fright. Okay. Every time you get on stage you freeze up your butt puckers up your brains drop out and there's this little puddle that fig that that suddenly manifests below your feet well every time you think about getting on stage your unconscious mind runs a search and it says okay.

What happens have we ever been stage before all the files open up okay. When we went on stage what did we do we did this oh. I'll do that again okay. That's what your unconscious mind is always doing now sometimes that works for us sometimes it doesn't freezing up on stage gets you out of the it gets you out of the situation.

But the ramifications of how it got you out of that situation are usually less than satisfactory. So you need to understand that your unconscious mind will always sort for the most expedient way to get you out of it okay. Now negativity bias your unconscious mind will automatically skew its opinion of something negative let me say that again your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system will automatically skew any it will distort anything that happens to you negatively let me explain that one good thing happens to you a good thing happens to you your nervous system assigns a gravity a charge a value of one to that experience one bad thing happens to you whatever it is one bad thing happens to you your nervous system assigns a value of four to that experience it's a 4:1 ratio for every bad thing that happens you need four good things just to get neutral don't believe me read the science do you understand this. I'm giving you the reasons why we're about to do what we're about to do.

So whatever was there the longest and is the strongest okay. Moss can you answer videos uh or uh questions about the the offering um. So any bad thing that happens to you is going to be you're going to perceive it four times worse than it actually is let me say that two more times. So you understand it for every bad thing that happens to you negative comment on your.

YouTube channel right. Uh you know somebody sending you a cease and desist letter your brain is going to make it four times worse than it actually is now what's the flip of that that means everything that you're afraid of everything that makes you feel bad is only 25% as bad as you think it is let me say that again that means everything that's holding you back is only 25% as bad as you think it is how is that for a mind it's a fun house mirror effect this is just how we evolve one of the reasons that this is true is because negativity gets the meat moving it was more survival or it was more of a survival benefit for you to be super afraid of the saber-tooth tiger than it was to feel good about the cuddly little chipmunk right. Or finding a a fresh apple right. It just it was just again the.

I don't. I don't make the rules. I just report them right. But we're we've evolved to do this to ourselves now our society our culture has learned how to press these buttons and make it even worse.

But the truth is the neurological truth is everything that makes you feel bad at its worst is only 25% as bad as your nervous system is making it out to be now you take that idea you add it to the. Primacy effect what does the. Primacy effect mean it means whatever was there the longest becomes the strongest your unconscious mind will sort for what's familiar. So if you leave that that default system in place you will always be taking a level one problem or level one solution and throwing it against a level 20 problem it's no.

Different than when the level one player character wanders into the level 20 killing field and gets skewed in one shot by the evil monster. So when we train for ourselves you'll learn this you'll learn this in secrets of. Personality transformation when we're training to work on ourselves by ourselves we have to flip the script we have to take everything that we want to change we have to assign a. Val a charge value to it and.

Then we have to invert the script in other words if. I have a level 10 a level 20 a level 25 a level 40 and a level five six and seven. I need to go level one two three four all the way down to 40 you understand that and when. I start doing my change work.

I need to start at level ones kill as many level ones as. I can. Then go to level twos kill as many level twos as. I can go to level three kill as many level threes as.

I can now going back to our gaming analogy if you as a level one character log into that game and you start fighting level one monsters what happens what happens do you stay a level one do you stay a level one character you level up right. You go from level one to level two all of a sudden you get tougher your techniques get more you get more powerful you increase your experience points exactly that's what you need to do to work on yourself you need to flip the script level the playing field and gain experience points for your. Technique why is it that. I can go to somebody with a level one technique and completely take away their neuropathy or.

Shrink their tumor using the same technique. I'm going to teach you because. I've spent a lot of years developing the power of that technique. I'm not a level one player.

I'm using a level one technique. But. I'm not using level one character to do it does that make sense. So to work on yourself you need to start with the least traumatic to the most traumatic now the reason.

I bring. I make this very obvious is because of. Primacy you've had 10 20 30 40 40 50 years depending on on how long you've been on this planet of focusing on the most heinous traumatic painful thing and. So your nervous system is trained.

I guarantee you when you wrote stuff down on your list you look. At your list right. Now those are the biggest most nasty. Godzilla level things in your life true not true yep why because you have a negativity bias you sorted for.

Godzilla right. You can do that if you're working with someone like me if you're working with someone like. Moss or. Seth or.

Heather or. Holly or anybody who's been through our certification programs you can do that with people who are trained to guide you through it. But if you're doing this by yourself on yourself you need to flip the script you need to just brain dump all the level one stuff or as as much stuff as you can you just brain dump it get it on a piece of paper right. I don't care what it is if it bothers you in any way shape or form don't try to organize it yet you just brain dump it like fear of spiders fear of success uh rape trauma uh child abuse active shooter just dump it onto a page whatever it is.

I don't care. I don't care you just you just vomit it onto a page once you have it all on that page now you on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of it now there's a number. Next to it okay. Now you take th those that numbered list and you reorganize it from one two three four all the way down.

So that you have an ordered list you have an ordered list of the least traumatic to the most traumatic that's how you create the list now if you're going to how many of you plan on doing this. Beyond tonight's webinar. Adil says. So whatever issues or goals we have well we start with the issues okay.

So if you plan on doing this. Beyond tonight. Then what you're going to want to do is. You're.

Gonna. Want to take that list take all the level ones and say okay. What other level ones do. I have and write them at that level look.

At your level twos what other level twos what other things do. I have that bother me at this intensity level and and list as many of them as you can you might even want to create a spreadsheet for it right. And just go right. Down from ones to tens or 20s what.

However you want to number the intensity levels of that okay. Now here's the beauty of this. I don't normally say this. I don't.

I don't normally tell people this till they actually get in the training just the act of creating the list will cause you to start resolving the stuff. I won't tell you how or why because. Then you can't screw it up. But just the act of vomiting it onto paper assigning a number value to it will cause your brain to shift all of that stuff into a way that you can pra you can resolve it more clearly more quickly okay.

So how many people have at least one thing that's lower than 10 or nine okay. How about does anybody have anything that's a three or less nope that's okay. All right. So what we're gonna do now is we're going to talk about three techniques uh call we call the transformational.

Triad transformational. Triad is our emergency psychoemotional psychophysical psychoenergetic physical energetic. First aid kit you can do these three techniques in any order in any sequence any number of times pretty much in any situation or circumstance okay. We're going to start using and cycling through these techniques to help you clear those things off that list now we probably won't.

I don't think we'll get through everything on on your list tonight. But for those of you coming to the virtual healing intensive you now have the very. First thing you're going to work on in your virtual healing intensive is going to be bucket listing and you have a way to really flesh out that list. So that when you come to the virtual healing intensive in.

February you can hit the ground running or you can just go into personality transformation and start. BL burning this stuff off uh right. Away right. So you guys ready to play let me change my.

I'm going to stand up now all right. So. I want you to look. At the.

First thing on your list and. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that thing are stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment notice where you feel it and point to it okay. Always go with your.

First impression okay. Your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allowed and it's never linear okay. Those are the six dynamics of an unconscious response if you experienced any one or more of those things you're doing it right.

Okay. Unconscious might always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear close your eyes. Point to where you feel it ask yourself this question is it okay.

To change this is there any reason why. I might want to keep it if you get any form of anything other than a resounding yes. It's okay. To get rid of it you need to do the technique we're about to do this is called.

The. Magic. Frame. I want you to close your eyes.

Point to where you feel that now use your. Now using your imagination if there was a picture floating in the space around you that represented that experience that you want to change a picture that you could reach out and touch with your other hand. Reach. Out.

And. Touch that picture you don't need to type anything in the chat just follow the instructions. Reach. Out touch the picture now let's make sure we've got the right.

One take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab a hold of it and make it bigger expand it like you'd expand the window on your touchcreen or your iPhone at home notice what happens to that feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker now. I'm going to tell you right. Up front it doesn't matter which one happens just that you perceive which one happens now put it back to its original size now grab the picture keep the size of the picture exactly the same pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker make sure you keep the size of the picture exactly the same once you've got that put it back now using your imagination put a big thick black frame around the base of that picture the bigger and thicker and.

Blacker the better feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice uh some dials like on an old style television. So a lot of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches. But. Fe along the base of that frame you're going to notice some some some dials and knobs and switches find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image whites out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide for yourself which one you like better turn the knob in that direction once and when you once you've done that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that. Whited out or black out or whatever color you use screen is there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to write those lessons on the screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now as you're writing.

I'm going to keep talking some people know exactly what those lessons are and they write them on the screen like it's no. Big deal some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are. However the part of you that created those feelings the part of you that created that picture the part of you that's controlling all that stuff that part knows exactly what those lessons are.

So give that part control of that finger and let it write on that whed out or blacked out screen all the lessons that this experience is designed to teach you. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now when that process starts to happen some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles some people um draw stick figures some people go all angry and aggro and write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time.

However that part that your body wants to do it let that finger right. The screen will scroll like a tablet will scroll. So you have an unlimited infinite writing space let that finger write all those lessons. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons your reasons whatever it is write them on the screen now. L you think you're taking too long. I'm going to give you a little story when my wife does this she's. So precise she is.

So detail oriented it takes her 40 minutes to write her stuff it's like she's writing a chapter from war. In. Peace. So.

However long it takes. However you need to do it whatever your body does while you're doing it just keep writing. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go and when you know you're done and only when you know you're done now again. I'm going to continue to talk you may be continuing to write.

However fast or slow your mind and body needs to go you have permission to do that okay. When you know you're done reach up physically shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your other than conscious mind begins moving that tiny postage stamp siiz frame up over the top of your head and back. Beyond the. Horizon till it disappears.

Beyond the. Horizon completely now you all know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail nail back there for all eternity andoss come back you know it's nailed back there for all eternity andoss come back test try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied and only when you're satisfied stop testing notice how good different you feel and go ahead and type in what you experienced in the chat record don't worry about the fake background it's it's designed. I actually that's intentional when the moment you see it disappear. So did the.

John says yes. Would you notice. Linda says tremendous relief yes. I figured out why.

For the. First. Time. Boom.

Karen that's how you know you got a legitimate transformation whenever an intervention of any kind results in transformation there's always a spontaneous or deliberate. Epiphany a sudden reframe or realization of the experience that lets you know it's changed. So good job. Karen jorgan feel like.

I can breathe deeply in peacefully perfect joran that's excellent. Colleen says peace and understanding now this is just one technique of about 30 right. Shane says as you said. I'm having that's all right.

Shane just keep going okay. However whatever your body your body wants to pound on the screen let it pound on the screen. However your body wants to do it that's just how your neurology expresses itself as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it don't try to analyze it the craziest part about all of these techniques that. I'm sharing with you is you don't have to consciously know anything about what you're processing that's one of the big myths perpetuated on us by a lot of the psychology disciplines out there the idea the idea that if we understood consciously and rationally why we are doing what we're doing that we'll somehow spontaneously rationally decide to change it it doesn't work that way the best part about a lot of this is you don't need to know a.

God darn thing about what you're processing because the part of that created the problem that part knows it just needs a little help finishing the process and that's what you're doing right. Now what will happen more often than not is as you work through that issue you'll have a spontaneous realization oh that's what that was about you know you're done or you're on your way okay. Laura. Ann says.

I created my life with my imagination yes. You did yes. You did all right. So um as a reminder because remember there's a lot more where this came from for those of you who are enjoying what you're learning.

So far you're going to get a hundred times this in our secrets of. Personality transformation home study program our identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course you're going to get the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery uh. CLA. Master.

Class $497 value you're going to get the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol some of the language pattern. I'm actually using on you with you while we're doing these processes together they work synergistically.

So $1,950 value. G to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring trial membership valued at $1,597 uh you're going to get the stealth instant conversation of nosis.

Crash. Course um and you're going to get that uh virtual healing intensive. February 9th 7th through the 9th in 2025 uh three days of personal transformation and healing with me to $2,497. Value total price on this is over $14,000 you can get it all for one small.

Black. Friday in post. Christmas event uh for 797 all you gotta do is go to this link right. Here www. killer.

NLP power.com and it' be one of the. Next 15 people to save your seats and you get to work with me pretty much for free for three solid days of. Transformations and. Revelations.

So. Lamar is saying. Dr. David real word hynosis said anybody's design is the main course.

Lamar. It's the main course if your focus is on clients you will get a lot of personal transformation done when you go through identity by. Design because it's designed that way it's designed to change you while you're learning to help other people uh. But if you want to focus specifically totally on you.

Then personality transer is where you would start it's really a judgment call because the the the syllabi are very very similar there's just a few more things taught in identity by design that are specific to clinicians more. So than people who just want to fix their own okay. That's why we kind of we kind of put them all together because a lot of people who are interested in fixing their own eventually they start to kind of evolve and want to start helping other people with it and a lot of other people come in with under the idea that they want to they want to help other people. But they really want to fix own stuff.

So. I pretend to to believe them. U. But.

I'm happy to answer any other questions that you have. So you can get all of this uh for just 797 just give uh give us a call or click the link at npower.com and um you can be one of the 15 people to spend time with me. February 7th through 9th or if you want to trade that ticket in for one of our. Live.

Events either killer influence or identity by. Design live hypnotherapy certification you're more than welcome to do that you just got to pick up the phone let. Mosser. M know and uh we'll go ahead and make that change for you now the nice thing about these these.

VIP tickets these bonus seats and stuff like that is um you have them until you use them. So if it takes you a year to get to a virtual healing intensive well it takes you a year you'll still have it it won't expire on you okay. Um if the price goes up between now and. February you don't pay anything extra if you want to gift your healing intensive ticket to somebody else who you think might need it or use it better or more you can do that all you got to do is let us know if something happens at the.

Last minute where you can't come we'll move you to another training if something happens at the. Last minute and you can come. But we're full we'll find a seat for you. So this is an all this is an all access pass we don't hand these out very you know we usually try to do these in a way that's specific to an event um because it's the end of the year and we want everybody to get the transformation they need starting.

January 1 uh we're going to make we're going to be a little bit more flexible on this you click that link now you can basically decide what you want to use that ticket for all right. Let's get back to work all right. So how did this work for you guys this was called. The.

Magic. Frame and this is okay. Hey. Dave dying to know what happened because bucket listing changed my life.

I just took. A bunch of stuff bothering me did. Magic. Frame like 20 times.

Later. I had a new experience that was like one that was on my list and would have set me upset me. But. I felt nothing it's like it.

General yes. How do you get more of this. G it's very simple keep doing bucket listing this is the thing. I didn't.

I didn't mention. But it's something to understand your unconscious mind is not stupid yes. It's a little bit on the lazy side yes. It has certain.

Prime directives that it runs by. But it's not stupid okay. It's every bit as smart as the rest of you it's just deeply emotional and has doesn't process time and experience the way you do consciously and. So what will happen is if you start applying bucket listing every time you successfully resolve a level one issue you get experience points right.

Well after a certain amount of successes your unconscious mind will start to automatically apply that process to anything that comes up that's even remotely similar to what's on your bucket list and it'll start to like you said it will generalize okay. But you you usually got to get 20 30 like you said 20 30 40 reps in before that generalization process starts to happen the nice thing about bucket listing is that it teaches you how to go from. Level ones to level 10 very very efficiently and the perceived level of difficulty between any level is only one how big a leap is to go from a level six to a level five or level five to a level six it's only a factor of one how big a leap is it to go from a level six to a level seven it's only a factor of one right. So the perceived level of difficulty is very low the level of challenge is very low from the perspective of the unconscious mind now when you're unconscious mind looks at the level 20.

Godzilla and the level one technique you're and it looks at that and goes oh hell no. I'm going to do what. I've always done because. I know that works right.

Why you've got no. History of success with that level one technique. But if every time your unconscious mind looks at its filing cabinet and sees success success success success success and it looks at that goes well that's not too bad. I can do that boom it'll go for it a lot of times you don't even need a talent tip.

But that depends on how many reps you've done now one of my mentors like to install this as an automatic process hypnotically uh and. I believe that can work um the way. I in my opinion what. I'm showing you is.

I think much more reliable because it's done in the way your unconscious mind automatically creates automated responses okay. Not that you can't not that they're mutually exclusive. But this way. I know we we'll start the process of creating an automated better response prep pattern in your life does that make sense are you guys kind of with me.

So far can. I go over the bucket listing technique again sure the. First thing you do is brain dump everything that you want to change just vomit it out onto a piece of paper there doesn't there's no. Rhyme there's no.

Reason if it makes you feel bad just vomit it onto the page after you've vomited everything onto the page not literally hopefully right. That you want to change look. At each of those things and assign a charge value to it on a scale of. Z to 10 zero being completely nothing to the worst thing ever where does it rate and put that number.

Next to that thing when you've gone through the entire list and everything you put on that page has a value assigned to it reorganize the list with your your big ones at the bottom and your low ones at the top. So ones are up here tens are and 20s are down here and everything else is in between and. Then start working on your ones and your twos and your threes and your fours try to try to have five or six ones five or six twos five or six threes five or six fours get a good healthy uh. Pop um uh sampling of things at that intensity level that you can work through and just go through the levels of the bucket list from one to two to three to four to five all the way to 10 working on those things and what you'll discover is in very short order your system will just start doing it it'll get progressively easier and easier and easier in fact what you'll get is something.

I call transformational inertia you'll start changing stuff and the more things you change the more things you'll want to change and you won't want to stop right. You have two two times when transformational inertia manifests one when you're just getting ready to start it's that ah. I'll get to it. Later.

I'm tired. I don't feel like doing it right. Now kind of an energy that's um situations at rest want to stay at rest unless acted upon by an outside force in this case you're generating the outside force the inertia is being generated by the homeostasis of the system the other time transformational inertia takes over is when you've initiated the process of change you successfully changed one thing thing and you're excited about that new change and you want to do another one and. Then another one and the more times you do a change the more times you want to keep changing.

So in this case an object in motion tends to remain in motion unless acted upon by an outside force in our world we call that transformational inertia okay. Uh. Denise says can you use it for. Hang-Ups.

Denise can you give me an example of what you mean by a hangup my default answer is probably going to be yes. But. I want to make sure that your definition of hangup matches mine. Shane says it's like you're getting more confident in yourself yes.

In a way you are because your unconscious mind sees a history of success in that memory you have to understand something the word confidence is thrown around an awful lot in the self-help personal development space there's probably a billion products out there. I'm probably exaggerating a little bit. But probably not that have some. App application to developing confidence the problem with confidence is that it tends to come after you've done something think about all the times in your life for this this let play a game for a moment think of all the times in your life when something had to get done that you had absolutely no.

Confidence in your ability to do. But it had to be done. Anyway has anybody ever had a situation like that this means yes. This means no.

Type yes. In the chat if you have type no. In the chat if you haven't. John says yes.

So here's my thing here's my question. Jorgen says yes. You had no. Confidence in your ability to do it.

But you had to do it. So you knuckle down you put on your big boy or big girl pants you did what you had to do you embraced the suck and you did it. I'm curious about something when you got to the other side of it and that thing that you didn't have any confidence to do was done when did the confidence show up did the confidence show up before after you see confidence after exactly you see confidence for most people is an end. State the skill set that you need to get to confidence is relentlessness determination.

Drive desire what most people say when they say. I want to be more confident what most of them are actually saying is. I want to stop being afraid persistence relentlessness these are the true backbone of success okay. It's not confidence.

I think confidence is important. But. I also think it's oversold and misrepresented right. Relentless determination combined with a positive expectation of a result or the expectation of a positive result is my definition of confidence right.

There's been many things in my life that. I have had absolutely zer zero confidence in my ability to do them. But. I decided.

I was going to do it no. Matter what and. I figured it out okay. A lot of people think.

I'm pretty confident right. I think. I could be way more conf in fact if you ask some of the find the most confident people you know who aren't narcissistic and you ask them what trait they want more of a lot of times they'll say confidence. Okay.

So again. I'm not. I'm not poo pooing the people promoting confidence in fact. I have a couple.

I'm going to be releasing a free gift probably in the. Next couple weeks it's just a little four video training on confidence. But it's really it's really. Relentless determination and drive that creates change if you don't give up if you don't quit you can't fail failure doesn't happen until you quit.

So. Cleo is asking where's the link for the healing sessions are all the links um if the link is still there um. Then it's probably available if you're not sure go ahead and call. Moss right.

Okay. Um desire yeah and in identity by. Design and personal transformation in phase three where we talk about default driver. States there's four states that you're going to be installing into yourself the.

First one is relentlessness playfulness curiosity and victory these are the four states that we have found lead to the greatest degree of success in life they move you forward they give you the the ability to take positive actions in the direction of your life goals there's a complete installation um if you go to my. YouTube channel and you watch my pillars of power demonstration you'll see what she'll be learning and all the ins and outs of it and stuff like that um and you'll see me take a guy from. Zero to. Hero uh using the pillars of power technique and it's it's uh part three in the identity by.

Design. Sal if. I do weird. I'm assuming you mean does that make me confident or a smartass well it really depends.

Brad on who's watching and what the result is that you're going for all right. Um has this been useful for you guys have you you guys learned something powerful yes. Or yes. Seth says both you're confident and a smartass you're a confident smart ass yeah.

I would. I would take. Seth's word on that because he actually speaks fluent sarcasm. So.

Shane says would you repeat the definition again please yeah my definition of confidence my working definition is. Relentless determination combined with the expectancy of a positive result. So one. I'll say it two more times.

Relentless determination and desire combined with the expectation of a positive result. Relentless uh. Relentless persistence and desire combined with the expectation of a positive result. I didn't word that the same way any of those times.

But. I think get the message it's always. Relentless determination and the expectation of a positive result throw desire in there if you want. But in my world desire is kind of predis presupposed because if you weren't if you didn't desire it you wouldn't be relentless question about programs what would be your suggestion for.

Learning and implementing the techniques follow the program that program is designed especially personality transformation personality transformation and identity by. Design are both designed for people with absolutely zero experience it's designed for people who can't even spell hypnosis to become awesome at hypnosis in three to five days it's. I designed it that way um. I know a lot of therapists learn the identity by.

Design style. But. I didn't design it for them. I designed it for people just like you and me who have at that time had very little to no.

Training because. I at that time. I was primarily teaching meetups all over. San.

Diego and. I had did not cater to hypnotists. So. I had to create programs that could get people to a professional level of skill in the shortest amount of time possible hold on a.

Second um please repeat the four elements you said install oh relentlessness curiosity playfulness and victory or. Victorious as we like to call it those are the four winners. States if you have a technique for installing those those are what you use if you don't have a technique for installing them grab your course come to the trainings and uh. I'll do it for you or.

I'll help you do it yourself okay. Shamic is asking me based on everything that you've recorded can we just shortcut everything by solely saying to ourselves that we feel great do great and receive great just as we are meant to no. Not really if that worked we wouldn't need anything else okay. Saying after give giving yourself affirmations can work.

But there are. So many other factors that you have to overcome that the sheer amount of repetitions necessary for that to work makes it un it's it's not practical for most people it's not practical. But don't believe me try it and see what happens okay. Let me see here okay.

So. Denise says. I used to say to self no. Think about how tired.

I am and just do it yes. In the back in the in the pickup and seduction days there was this thing called the 3. Second rule. I think it was called or 5sec.

Rule and basically what it was designed to do was help people to overcome approach anxiety and. So the idea behind it was and the re and your your comment made me think about it. Denise the idea behind it was when you saw someone that you were really attracted to you had five three seconds you had three seconds to go up and say hi to them because three seconds didn't give you time to think about all the reasons why you shouldn't right. It actually worked pretty well the idea is the minute you find yourself starting to make an excuse just getting up and doing the thing is actually a really really really good tactic just getting up and starting is one of the most powerful ways to overcome that transformational inertia and get yourself back in the game okay.

Now the thing you need to understand about your nervous system is that it's it's one of the things that that people that that people misunderstand is that whenever they think about going to do something a lot of times they suddenly get tired or feel fatigued or exhausted what you're experiencing in that moment is not real fatigue it's not real exhaustion what you're experiencing is a defense mechanism that your neurology is putting up to keep you from expending energy to keep you from changing one of the things about your nervous system that you need to understand is that it's designed to maximize energy metabolism or to to uh when. I say maximize. I mean to make make it more and more efficient the most efficient way for you to conserve and use energy is sleeping. So anything it can do to move you towards sleep it'll do okay.

That's why when you get up in the morning unless you're one of those dreaded morning people right. You're sluggish until you start moving and your your nervous system recalibrates its energy uh metabolism to give you more juice it's why when you go to the gym and you work out until you're exhausted right. A couple weeks. Later you go back to the gym you go you blow through those old limitations because your nervous system has recalibrated its usage of energy to make you more efficient in that context.

But if you'd stop doing that and you'd go back to doing nothing the system will recalibrate itself back to lower and lower levels of. Energy. Efficiency okay. So you need to understand that when you go to do something new and the fear comes up or the anxiety comes up or the dreaded fatigue comes up what you're experiencing is the check engine light on the dashboard saying hey you're.

GNA do you're about to do something different are you sure you want to do this the answer is yes. Press the button and keep going understand it doesn't mean you're broken now. I say this to all my my therapy patients all the you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you recorded the things that happened to you and the way that you've been relating to those recordings. So when you're when you're moving through the world and you encounter a situation circumstance or event that your neurology finds uh a history with it generates a body feeling and that body feeling or that memory is like the check engine light on the dashboard when you're driving down the road and the check engine light on your car goes off you don't go rushing off to the garage to have the light fixed you go to the garage to have the reason behind the light going off in the.

First place to be fixed. So these moments of fatigue and these moments of hesitancy and these moments of anxiety that you're experienced doesn't mean you're broken it's the check engine light on the dashboard it's. Nature's way of saying that the systems and the mechanisms that the. Universe built into you to help you survive challenging and tough and trying situations did their job and all you need to do is go into the garage and have the the light reset.

But none of you guys gals in determinants. I'm in. California. I kind of have to say that right.

None of you are broken it feels that way. But you're not it's an indication that the parts of you that were designed to help you survive did their job and if you understand how to talk to that that system how to type in your username and password to get into the dashboard where all of that stuff was written and stored and coded for you you can make any change you want for any reason that you want and keep the change and build on it you are literally made of magic. But nobody told you had to access it nobody gave you master keys for transforming yourself okay. I'd like to do that if you'll give if you'll let me the way you do that is by clicking those links and let's do this let's make change okay.

Because there's only there's only upside to this okay. That being said let me go ahead we're going to do one. I think we have time for maybe one more transformation and uh if you've been on the fence about clicking the link and being one of the. Next 15 to to grab this.

I highly recommend. I'm going to post these links one more time. So that you guys can get in and we can start making those changes for you okay. All right.

So let's look. At the. Second thing on your list okay. Close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it and ask yourself the magic question is it okay. To change this is there any reason why. I might want to keep it if the answer to that question is yes. There is a reason for me to keep it.

I want you to do the magic frame. Technique we just did previously if the answer to your question is no. It's okay. To get rid of it we're going to do something different.

I want you to close your eyes. Point to where you feel that feeling and the reason behind that feeling and notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what color or colors might that be for you. First impression whatever it is just know it and on a scale of. Z to 10 rate the intensity of that feeling a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of that feeling and when you know what that color is and what the intensity of that color is.

I want you to reach in with both of your hands grab that entire color take it out hold it in your hand in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that stuff hides and when you got it all. I want you to look. At it. I want you to notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression now notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning whatever. Direction it's spinning physically grab it with both of your hands and make it the opposite of what it was turn it. So that it's spinning the exact opposite direction that it was spinning previously and now spin it like a wheel in the opposite direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it and only when you know you've got it slam it into that spot notice the change notice it's gone notice as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your neurology any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with your this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and de deeper into our system our body goes through all kinds of interesting shifts and.

Transformations some people break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up. However your body does it it's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done you realize it's true test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied only when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the remaining feelings if any and type your experience in the chat. Nan says she feels deeply calm that a good thing.

Nan good good good good some people are still processing and that's okay. You may notice you break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twit this is a very very deep very very powerful technique okay. Um this is the one that really kind of put us on the map right. And you could.

I've used it on everything from neuropathy to cancer to. Multiple. Sclerosis to. Parkinson's uh.

COPD all any form of trauma you can think of any kind of physical pain you can think of um. I've used it with active shooter you know people victims of active. Shooters. I've used it with gang trauma new being says felt like plasma yeah felt like plasma between hands while spinning yes.

Sometimes it's like two magnets difference is as you spin it you're actually changing the frequency and the intensity of the uh and the and the instructions embedded within the the energy there's a lot going on there that you don't need to know for for this to work for you if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. So this is two of the three techniques in the transformational. Triad um you can grab the rest from personality transformation or identity by. Design um and you'll definitely get it in the healing intensive okay.

Organ says. Vortex energy in a lot of ways. I'm going to keep the quantum physics part and the the the the metaphysics part out of it for now let's just call it the magic of the nervous system n says. I had anxiety without knowing why and now it's gone yeah that's the best part you don't need to know you don't need to know what's causing it if you can feel it you can change it it's it's it's it's that simple guys now there's a whole ocean and a whole a whole world of other stuff behind these techniques it's the tip of a very big.

Iceberg obviously in three hours. I haven't been able to scratch the surface of everything there is right. But there is a chance for you guys okay. That being said uh this is our this is our official.

Last call um for the healing intensive and the fast action bonuses and the special pricing. So when would now be a good time to click that link because here's what you're getting uh you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation ultr mind control training the home study course and manual valued at $2,497 you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course bu at $1,497 we're going to give that that to you for free you're going to get the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Mastery home study course. Val it at $1,497 we're going to give that to you for free you're going to get the stealth.

CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 we're going to give that to you for free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change $1,950 value we're going to give that to you for free you're going to get the three-month trial membership to the n power. Mastermind mentoring archive and access to 13 years of archive video training that's never been seen on.

YouTube never been seen on uh in the public light of day uh you can binge watch that to your heart's content for the full three months uh it's a $1,597 value we're going to give that to you for free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversation hynosis crash course bu at $997 the virtual healing intensive valued at. February 9th through the 7th through the 9th 202 5 value at $2,497 you're going to get that absolutely free total value this is $1 4,488. I think is what uh what. Seth said uh you're going to get it all for one super low discounted package uh this is our.

Black. Friday special post. Christmas uh buy it at 7 we're going to give it to you all of it for $797 or you can break that up into three easy installments of 397 each all you have to do is go to www.lpower.com mind click that link right. Now mlppp power.com please remember guys that um the regular bonus package which is everything from uh.

Renegade reframing up hold on a. Second all of this is available until 11:59 p.m. tonight all this goes away when. I log off the webinar remember you have 60 days to test it all or you can get your money back now is the time to click the link if you want that virtual healing intensive if you want all the extra bonuses and the. FaceTime with me and all that good stuff $797 never be this this low again okay.

So go ahead click those links and uh if you have any questions at all you can call. Moss at 858 282 4663 and that's 858 282 4663 and uh that's about to quote. Forest. Gump that's about all.

I have to say about that. So in the words of the immortal cow. Bernette. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends have if. I don't talk to you between now and. New.

Year's have an amazing safe holiday season. I love you all click those links let's get this party started and. I'll see you on the other side. Dr.

David signing off good night and. God bless take care.
