Title: Face Reading For Fun and Profit Psychological Tactics For Understanding People FAST
File Name: CpjkuHETBbQ.txt
Video Id: CpjkuHETBbQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CpjkuHETBbQ

Ladies and gentlemen start your engines i would play the nlp power international anthem unfortunately youtube would ding me for copyright. Infringement. So you'll just have to imagine hooked on a feeling playing very loudly in your head thinking victorious thoughts and getting ready to party because it is time for face reading for fun and profit how to discover how to read anyone's face and understand their personality temperament and all that other good stuff welcome welcome welcome anyone else looked online for a vest and realized they can't pull it off you guys are funny all right. Well.

First of all thank you. So much for joining me on tonight's webinar today's topic is how to read anyone instantly face reading for fun and profit if you stick with me tonight i'm going to share with you some of the most powerful secrets for how to understand how people think feel and behave how they make decisions and where they hide things you know you know what are they like when nobody's looking what they like when people are watching i'm going to show you and share with you how to uncover and unlock people's hidden traumas how to find out what kind maybe not exactly what the trauma was. But when it happened where what it had to do with and if you're a therapy person if you're someone who who works a lot in the therapeutic world you'll be able to use these tools to help your clients and your family to become more emotionally happy and healthy if you'd like to learn how to read people's repressed emotions. So you know what buttons to push what buttons to stay away from uh you're going to be you're going to spend a little bit more time on this webinar if you'd like to know how to influence and persuade people in the most efficient way possible pay very close attention to a lot of the information in this webinar because it's going to give you some very powerful levers that you can begin to work with and for those of you who are looking for mr or mrs wright.

If you'd like to learn how to measure sexual and romantic compatibility there's going to be some very powerful uh radioactive nuggets of information on this program that you're going to want to stick with. So. First and foremost before i get into what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show let's go over uh some basic ground rules for the webinar. So.

First and foremost i love you all and i'm glad you're all here and i love questions i absolutely love questions the problem with questions many times is that the questions often take us off the uh the given track that i've set for us. So they're um if you're used to a 90 if this is your. First time with us and you're used to a 90-minute um webinar where you know the guy gets on or the girl gets lady gets on and they say tease tease buy my stuff buy my stuff he's asking me questions teased by my stuff you're probably going to be disappointed our particular webinars tend to be very very content heavy uh they're focused on delivering very powerful very practical actionable things that you can take out into the world and use right. Away the best part about the technologies that we teach here at planet david is that you don't have to believe any of it all we ask is that you have an open mind take the information out into the world do the drills and get the skills before you decide to take any of the offers that we're going to be sharing with you and we have an offer with every webinar that we do we we line out a special class that allows you to come away with the powerful actionable skills that you came to learn and.

Then showing you how to take the. Next step. So. First and foremost um if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn we have time for this even with a three or four hour webinar which is what we usually run which is again if you're used to a 90 minute webinar where you're in you get pitched you buy it or you don't and you move on that's not how this is going to work today what we're going to do is for the.

First 60 to about 75 minutes we're going to deliver as much powerful real world proven actionable content that you can take out into the world and use right. Away. Then what we're going to do is we put together a special training upgrade for you in other words if you want if you like what you learned in this webinar you want to take it further you want to become a master of this and apply it in every aspect of your life we're going to share with you some ways that you can do that that takes you about 20 to 30 minutes after that we're going to circle back to the foundations that we laid at the beginning of today's webinar and we're going to continue to teach we're going to build on what we taught you in the. First half of the webinar we're going to drill down on specific areas of face reading how it applies to personality temperament health wealth happiness trauma what have you.

But that that drill down will be based on the questions that i'm going to ask you uh to answer as we move through the the formal presentation. So for the. First half hour or. So um maybe not not quite a half hour i have a set presentation and.

Then i'm going to jump off and i'm going to ask you what is it you want to learn about what do you what do you want me to target this training for you for we're going to teach that for the until about we hit the fifth to 60 or 75 minute mark we're going to do our offer we're going to circle back and we're going to continue to teach and we'll teach them we usually go about three to five hours before not three i've had webinars as long as six hours. But usually right. Around the three hour three and a half hour mark is is right. About most people's saturation point if you've blocked out the traditional 90 minutes for this webinar and you got to jump off that's fine you'll miss out a lot of the the fast action bonuses than in the offer that we're going to be sharing.

But you'll still be able to watch the replay get all the great information that we're going to share with you. So um like i said if this is the scope of all the information we could be teaching you we have time for this much i promise to take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i'll show you where to go to take your stuff to your skills to the. Next level if that's where you want to go does that sound like a fair trade if that sounds like a fair trade type it in the in the chat. So i can uh see that you're with me on this okay.

Perfect now once again for those of you joining us on youtube we are streaming this live to our youtube channel um there is about a 60 to 90. Second delay depends on youtube uh or internet traffic between when i answer something or i say something on the webinar versus when it actually shows up in the youtube uh stream. So a couple of things i love questions in fact i am fanatical about questions i often uh get some negative comments about my tendency to to answer everybody's questions. So we're going to handle questions in a very special way for those of you who are new to planet david type in the chat.

First time your name and where you're checking in from go ahead and type that in the chat because i have some special information for you for those of you who can be bopping around planet david for a while who've been using our materials and uh and i've actually gotten a result using them type veteran in the chat and where you used it and there's a reason for that you see when you ask me a question you expect me to say buy my stuff my stuff is awesome it'll work for you you expect me to say that. So i'm not going to say that okay. I'm going to ask the people who have used this material that is relevant to your question to answer you in the chat because you expect me to say my stuff is the best okay. However i want you to talk to people who've actually used the material in the context that you're asking about because sometimes the questions fly by.

So fast that i don't see them right. So if you do have a question please post it okay. And there's a reason for that if i see it and it's relevant to the part of the webinar that we're in i'll answer it right. Then and there if it's not relevant i may skip it.

But someone of one of my other you know older more veteran students may see it and answer it for you if you're still not satisfied and you want me to answer your question directly here's what you do. Next as soon as this i i end the feed for this youtube live stream youtube is going to take this video it's going to edit it now i had the stream running for about 30 or 40 minutes. So you got to skip through the. First 30 or 40 minutes.

But here's what i want you to do when this stream goes live on youtube in the comments section of this webinar re-type your question because i go back after every single webinar i read every question and i answer them okay. So if if you want an answer directly from me i promise you that if you take the time to type your answers in the comment section when this video goes live on youtube i will do my best to answer your question if i have an answer i'll give it to you if i don't i will point you in the direction where i think the best answer to your question lies does that sound like a fair trade if it sounds like a fair trade please type fair that's fair in the classroom or in the in the chat rooms for me okay. This is an interactive webinar i need to know you're with me i need to know you're cool with the things i'm sharing with you okay. Excellent perfect will you contact us ahead of time i don't know what that means.

But it's okay. All right. Excellent. So everybody seems to be with me.

So um. First and foremost i'm gonna start with my normal disclaimer. Then i'm gonna start the official dr david dog and pony show as i like to call it if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you if my choice in music when i do play it offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next three hours okay.

If this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time to this i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will show you how to take your skills to the. Next level if that's a fair trade for you stay on stay with us to the end of the webinar because there's going to be some fast action uh one time only bonuses that are super cool some of the other bonuses that we'll be talking about uh we'll have a little bit of a longer expiration date. But some they go away the minute i log off the webinar. So you're going to want to stay till the end.

So that being said um a couple couple of real quick ones this means yes. This means no. There will be a test right. Normally i would ask i would ask i would have you raise your hand if you agree or disagree or whatever.

So i can't do that. But normally what i would say this means i know the answer this means i don't this means oh i hope he doesn't call on me. Next and yes. For those of you wondering this is a green screen behind me.

But it is an actual picture of my bookshelf downstairs. So once we get the garage refitted and all the lighting and the air conditioning is set up i'll be streaming once again from my home studio that being said let's go ahead and uh without further ado jump into what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show and let's explore face reading for fun and profit okay. So welcome aboard this is uh. So you might be asking after all that stuff who the hell is dr david and why should i care well.

First and foremost i am in fact a doctor of acupuncture and oriental medicine i graduated i've been a practicing acupuncturist with a clinic in solana beach for the. Last 15 years i started practicing actually closer to 16 years 2005 where my specialty clinically is fit as treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion a lot of the material that i'm going to be sharing with you is actually derived from some of the more diagnostic aspects of chinese medicine i lovingly call face reading chinese vibrational psychotherapy because it's one of the few ways that the chinese have of directly interacting through a talking format for helping people to relate to type personalities overcome limiting beliefs things of that nature. So i graduated from pacific college of orient medicine with a doctorate in chinese acupuncture uh our doctor of acupuncture in chinese medicine in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org i've been in the top two nlp training positions with that with that particular organization uh for the. Last five years actually uh i think from 2017 2016 2017 up to now i i've been either have the number one or number two slot i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to reprogram the subconscious mind how to meet and attract people how to win sales and negotiation tactics how to change beliefs during normal conversation um advanced vibrational law of attraction techniques we've created some very powerful cutting-edge programs that are at the forefront of most personal change work today i'm very proud of those things.

So uh an interesting side effect of that was in this is a letter from globalgurus.org and this is uh it says uh dr david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for neuro-linguistic programming you can see that here if you click this little link you'll see here that there's actually a little screen shot where we are actually the number one nlp training program in there which is funny to me because i never promoted killer influence as an nlp program it's pretty interesting that they classified it that way because it uh killer influence is actually a very integrative uh system it is all about human influence everything from face reading and cold reading all the way down to advanced language patterns lie detection and things of that nature. So if you're interested in stuff like that much of what some of what i'm going to be teaching you in today's webinar is actually found in this course other things come from other sources. But i just wanted to share that with you just for your edification also uh for those of you who don't know i am a lifelong martial artist uh i have a 10th degree black belt in okinawan karate uh with rookie tempo specifically i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao a. Second degree black belt in kosho kempuru a first-degree black belt in fong kuru jujutsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema which i think as far as martial arts that a hypnotist or a neuro-linguistic programmer should study i think systema offers the the greatest amount of psych of mind-body interventions um of all the martial arts i've studied i've studied a lot.

So i really really have a tremendous respect for systema i have also an instructor in cinco manuscrima and a basic instructor in modern niece i like to make a joke that i have more energy credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i am in fact a reiki master i've been a reiki master teacher since before reiki was cool i'm an advanced chronic healer an advanced chronic psychotherapist advanced dna theta healer i'm certified in the bankston energy healing system which is one of the most powerful cross-contextual energy transformation systems i've ever seen i am an avid practitioner of many different forms of qigong and i teach those in my vibrational influence classes and you may be asking david okay. Now that you've uh tried to compensate for all the things that we might be trying to compensate for because that's usually what happens is that uh is that whenever somebody reads at that that syllabi they say well david's either the. First level artist or he's trying to compensate for something. But the truth is that all of these particular disciplines uh while they seem to be very very different they all have something in common and that commonality is what we call pattern recognition you see everything human beings do has a structure and a pattern that repeats they repeat at different levels of human experience and once you have the eyes.

To see and the ears to hear and becoming aware of these patterns you can look. At a person's face and see the patterns of their emotion you can read the patterns of their thoughts and hear the patterns of their thoughts and the word choices that they use and the structure of their language you can intuit from the way they move their body certain patterns and what those patterns of uh movement equate to emotionally and cognitively and that's what you're going to be exposed to in this training is this concept of pattern recognition of the psycho-emotional health and physiological health of a human being. But it's based on understanding patterns. So what does all these things have to do with reading faces pretty much everything.

So is this class for you let me ask you this okay. This class is for you if you can answer yes. To any of these questions if you would like to learn how to become more attractive to the opposite sex maybe even know how to say the right. Thing for them to find you charming fascinating or irresistible you're probably in the right.

Place if you like to locate and banish fear and insecurity from your life radiate confidence and more assertiveness because you understand people better this is probably a good place for you to be if you'd like to have the ability to read people and understand them in such a way that it allows you to make more money from your job or book. More clients for your business or get that raise or promotion you know you deserve you're in the right. Place if you would like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people if you'd like to be able to to actually detect difficult people or potentially difficult people before they even open their mouth you might want to stay until the end of the webinar because you're going to learn some really really powerful pretty consistent and useful things if you'd like to know how to look. At somebody and know exactly how to have them thinking feeling and acting the way you want.

So that they naturally want to follow your lead stay on to the end of the webinar if any of these things sound good to you type that's for me in the chat if and again as i go through these if you see if you hear anything else that resonates with you type that's for me i want that in the chat if you'd like to program yourself to remove blocks to your success create massive financial abundance and maybe even have more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some stay on because there's some certain facial traits that if you learn how to cultivate them or modify them you can actually change how your brain and your body relates to the concept of wealth and prosperity if you'd like to be able to nail two or three job interviews on the spot two out of three idols or something have them salivating to hire you because you can actually take a snapshot of what's going on inside a person's mind knowing what kind of qualities and characteristics and attributes they are most likely to gravitate to and recognize and want this is going to be a really really good webinar for you to be on if you'd like to be able to surround yourself with lots of new and trustworthy and loyal friends pay attention to some of the things that we're going to share with you on this webinar right. If you'd like to be able to have people hanging on your every word maybe even find you the most fascinating person in the room even you have a zero hit even if you have zero understanding of where things like language patterns or hypnosis or echo technique or three magic questions if you'd like to have lines of people crowds of people flocking to you at social events or even networking events you're probably going to want to stay on uh to the end of this webinar because there's some treasure trove of information that will dramatically change your social life your professional life and your personal life if you typed yes. For any of this type i want that let's get started in the chat and we will jump in head.

First cool excellent very good all right. Let me go ahead and go back to sharing my screen all right. So. First and foremost this whole idea of face reading comes from chinese medicine and i could show you a picture really quick.

But we're going to get off track. So if you stay on to the end of the webinar this is what i promise you'll take home okay. Oh you're already home. But you'll take with you and you can use if you stay until the end i will share with you the most powerful way to read and understand yourself and anyone you meet this is truly truly powerful it has changed my life it has changed my life um almost as much as learning neuro-linguistic programming and handwriting analysis which i found a lot of correlations between facial reading and handwriting analysis which is pretty cool i'm going to teach you how to understand personality and temperament how to look.

At a person's trauma history and or and see it written plainly on their face how people make decisions what they're like in private what they're like in public i want to teach you a a quick and easy way to measure and understand sexual romantic compatibility based on a person the shapes and architecture of a person's face we're going to show you how to read their personality and temperament through certain facial markings and things of that nature and. Finally i'm going to teach you in no. Uncertain terms how to become a master of people reading and how to use those skills to influence people to believe what you say do what you want and really kind of lubricate for lack of a better word all of your interactions with people you'll come away from this webinar with an understanding of how to look. At a person and see what's really going on with them and you can make better decisions about how to use your tools of influence uh based on that knowledge if that sounds cool let's get going okay.

So here's what i'd like to know i'd like to know this is where we can begin to kind of target and drill down on the areas of application see every class is a little bit different one class they want to do business applications one class they want to do sexual and romantic applications some people want to do trauma work i'm curious for my edification type this in the chat for me what is it that you want to learn about today what is the your biggest question regarding how to read and understand people that you would like the answer in other words if you came away from this webinar with no. Other information. But that one or two things what would they be please type those in the chat. So i can understand you better because i want you to come away with what you came for health okay.

How to read people for business okay. Excellent avoid talk to people online how to incorporate this in my live zoom sessions okay. Excellent well i might know something about that nina right. Trauma work david says on on youtube uh wealth okay.

I'm seeing a lot a lot of people are coming back to trauma uh martha's just curious cool read the intent of the person okay. Carl sumner says working as hypnotherapist fast reading of new clients oh you're going to get a treasure trove carl you're going to get them you're going to be like drinking from a fire hose uh seeing the truth of yes. And i didn't find blind spots and red flags okay. Um any of our other um health strength and longevity uh stephanie johnson over on youtube says trauma in business very good self-consciousness that um merrickville nsw uh self-consciousness is going to be implicit throughout this entire program uh seeing the true bs excellent okay.

I see where this is going and i really really like your your points anything kim says anything i share is good she's in the category i like i'll have what she's having if you're ever detecting interest how to master ourselves in a more subtle way excellent all right. So let's jump in okay. So the. First thing i'd like let me jump off my screen share really quick fast reading okay.

So the. First thing i'd like to talk about is the the big picture you see when i teach people human influence one of the problems is there's two ways to keep people stuck okay. Two ways to keep people stuck you either don't give them enough information or you give them way too much. So when when i started developing my systems and i didn't develop them to teach to the public i grew up in a very um hostile traumatic environment i was a very sensitive child my parents didn't teach me how to interact with people in fact my my dad was a little bit on the self-centered side is a nice way to say without using the label and.

So i i really wasn't given the opportunity to develop really good social skills my hygiene was almost i was bigger around and i was tall you know if i was bullied i was lied to i was desperate to have people like me and. So many times um i would find myself being manipulated and often scapegoated as a result of wanting to trust people far beyond where i should have and i remember very very vividly standing in my room at around 11 or 12 years old saying this has got to change god grant me wisdom be careful what you asked for because the universe has a bizarre way of of uh delivering that needless to say it launched the journey for me a journey where i needed i had problems that i wanted to solve i had answers and i and i searched for years and years and years. So i never. So everything i'm about to share with you i want you to understand.

First and foremost as as mercenary as it sounds i didn't i didn't develop it for you i developed it for me because i had areas of my life where i was running into brick wall after brick wall after brick wall everywhere i go was pain sadness rejection or loneliness and i had to find a way to get through that i had to find a way to beat the odds honestly and. So that's where this is coming from now i found out as i went through these processes i started sharing some of these technologies that a lot of people had the same thing a lot of people had the same issues the same challenges growing up and by taking some of the things i had discovered they were able to get the same results and. So that's my goal is for you to come away from this with uh actionable things that you can do. So the.

First thing that i want to share with you and this is what i had to do for me is i had to be able to say okay. When i look. At somebody what's easy in other words what's the easiest most obvious things that i can detect about a person now this goes for nlp this goes for conversational hypnosis this goes for report skills and it's especially true with face reading because you can you can drill down to my new shaft and my new shaft minutiae. But that's not useful for people what's useful for people are things that you can just take out into the world and put to use right.

Away. So we start with things that are safe reliable and easy to see from far away safe reliable easy to see from far away and most importantly useful would it be useful to be able to look. At somebody and know how they make decisions if you think that's a useful thing to know go ahead and type that in the chat okay. If you think it would be useful to know what kind of a person or what kind of a human being a person is in their private life when nobody's looking when the camera's off when it's just a few intimate friends who are they really behind their masks type yes.

In the chat if you'd like to be able to know how to talk to somebody in such a way that the face that they show the world gets reinforced and indulges in the behaviors that you would like them to act on yes. I want to know that in the chat because those are the. First things you're going to learn okay. They're easy to see you just gotta know what to look.

For okay. And the best part is you can do it safely in other words i can be across the room i can look. At somebody's face and i can know instantly are they a thinker are they a feeler are they a hands-on person are they social what do they like in private versus what they're like in public that's what we're going to learn. First does that sound cool okay.

Very good now before we jump into that i do need to make um one final distinction i know it sounds like i'm teasing. But there is uh in my world i make some very very uh powerful distinctions between the chinese facial diagnosis system which is what you're learning today versus things like micro expressions uh my my good friend chase hughes who i'll be co-teaching an event with in september uh has a lot of people reading skills. So we call them they're both forms of profiling. But there's a i divide things into what i call active profiling and passive profiling you can think of active profiling as the act of of watching how the face changes in the moment micro expressions forward leans backward leads uh ventral tilts things of that nature these are things that manifest in the moment as a person's emotional states and fluctuations change right.

To to do active profiling you have to have a much greater sense of in-time awareness or what nlp likes to call up time awareness what you're going to be learning is the complement to active profile we call it passive profiling these are the markings that manifest over time through repeated experiences of a similar nature repeated sadness repeated joy repeated bitterness think of it as a the if you want to contrast uh face reading versus like um micro expressions the face reading system you're about to learn is the result of a lifetime of micro expressions does that make sense. So you will be able to know in a very very significant way a very very consistent way what this person is like over time right. Active profiling tells you what a person is doing in the moment. So they complement each other very very well.

But i want to be very very clear i also teach the active profiling part we have courses on that. But this is about passive profiling looking at somebody and knowing what they're going to do over time consistently not what they're doing in the moment does that make sense if it makes sense type it in the chat okay. All right. So let's talk about um decisions shall we.

So when we look. At the face here's the. First thing i want us to drill down on there are three zones to the face let me make this little can everybody see this okay. This is our.

First and i want you to understand that when you look. At the three zones of the face the upper zone which is measured roughly from just about the eyebrow line and my teacher says to measure from uh from the eyebrow to the to the hairline um or actually that's where i measure. But she likes to measure from the from the hairline to the top of the head i think that tends to give us a little bit i i'm going to let you play with that. But.

Anyway what we're looking at when you see someone who's whose forehead is much bigger than the rest of the zones right. We have a kind of a shape like this you have someone who's very very data driven okay. One of my good friends and and and partners with jet webinar is uh is a guy by the name of brandon burr and if when you ask brandon a question he always answers you with a spreadsheet. So people with very large foreheads very high foreheads very large upper zones are very mental they're very cognitive and.

So they will gravitate to questions or presentations that are very data driven they're going to want to see the data when you ask them if they want something if they want to buy something they're going to ask for the data that the evidence that supports what you're saying okay. Now the middle zone of your body or the middle zone of your face rather is related to practical pursuits. So when you get somebody who has very prominent cheekbones somebody who has [Music] huge forehead here i speak in spreadsheets yes. Yes.

Very it's very common in fact uh here's here's a little challenge for you um how many of you live near a um a campus where a lot of tech companies are go ahead and type that in the chat just for fun here's what here's a little experiment one of my one of my trainers uh one of my my my students did this just to prove me right. Or wrong find a place where people who are number crunchers lots of accountants uh lots of i.t people like i i live in san diego. So i have like qualcomm and i have all these things if you live in san fran or or silicon valley this is very easy for you to do go to a place where lots of brainiac type people hang out okay. People who are engaged in very cognitive things and hang out in the food court during one shower and count the foreheads count the foreheads and and look.

At the facial proportions and notice the pattern what's most common now the. Next part of this now we're not talking about bumps on the head allen we're talking about the size of the head okay. In relation the size of the upper zone of the head versus proportions to the lower zones okay. Now.

Next thing i want you to do is i want you to go to a fitness center mma gym whatever and i want you to go in and i want you to look. At jaws look. How big and strong the jaws are look. At how prominent the bony ridge right.

At this line tends to be in the vast majority of the people there these people have a definitive physiognomy based on their hormones and there's a psychology that goes with that okay. Don't believe me go out into the world and look. And that doesn't mean that people with huge jaws are stupid doesn't mean that at all has nothing to do with intelligence has everything to do with cognitive preference or decision preference and i'm going to show you why this is important in just a moment. But let's go back to the picture and understand this particular aspect of of reading people's decision-making strategies would it be important just as a as an aside really quick do you think it would be useful to know how people make decisions.

So that you can give them the information they need in the order and sequence that they need to make it in order to get to to make the decision that you want them to make would that be useful out in life well that's exactly what you're learning when you see someone with this super high data driven forehead don't lead with practical applications or if you do you better be damn prepared to show them the data okay. They want to know the data that supports the conclusion that you're making. So again this is going to be super super important right. Because when you look.

At these three zones what you're going to be getting is a code it's a sequence of. First. Second. Third or.

First. Second. Third or. First.

Second. Third you need all of the data you need to give them all the data. But if you look. At the relative size proportions of one zone to the.

Next you know what to present. First what to present. Second what to present. Third and if necessary what to emphasize in this particular um in this particular interaction would this cause an indirect or subconscious prejudice no.

Because it's going to be conscious right. But if you don't know about this thing these the the the formations that i'm sharing with you are already hardwired into you you already get subconscious prejudices about people because they're subconscious you don't pay attention to them. So what happens now is you're becoming a profiler and again if that the idea of profiling people isn't something that you feel is something that should happen or should be done you probably shouldn't be on this webinar right. Remember that it is impossible for a human being not to have unconscious or subconscious prejudices okay.

It's more useful to make those subconscious inferences or filters educated right. And that's why i'm asking you not to believe me when i tell you these things i want you to go out into the world and test it it's either going to work for you or it's not the patterns are either going to manifest for you or they're not right. You don't have to believe it. But it is important that you actually do the drills if you want the skills does that make sense yes.

Or yes. Excellent. So let's go back to this because this is again this when i. First saw this chart and there were hours hundreds of thousands of hours of information i had to distill this down to something that was immediately useful.

So um let me see okay. Make sure. So upper level zone and the chinese call this the heaven zone we don't need to worry about that this is not a class on chinese medicine although if you want to learn that i have classes for that uh the middle zone which is about the eyebrow line to just below the base of the nose this is known as the pragmatic zone people with a larger zone here are very very what's this gonna do for me how can i use it uh kind of an attitude okay. I usually see and this is this is a pattern i'm starting to see that many times either the upper zone or the lower zone will be very very close in size to the pragmatic zone.

So what that what that leads me to believe is that everybody has a pragmatic side. But they're going to get to the pragmatism based on a gut feeling an instinctive or emotional drive or they're going to go there based on data now every now and. Then you see someone with a massive practical zone and you know right. Then and there that these people want to know okay.

I don't care about the data what's this going to do for me why should i listen to you right. What's what's how's this going to help me get more dates how is this going to help me make more money how's this going to help me get along with my spouse better how's this going to help me uh get my children to to to be more connected to me or to do what i have and take out the trash. So when you see these big metal zones remember you gotta lead with the practical pragmatic benefits these people by the way also tend to be a little bit more on the social side a little bit more on the social side why because they're more in the moment okay. People with a much larger lower zone when this zone here which is from the base of the nose to the tip of the chin these people are more gut-driven okay.

These people follow their gut literally follow their gut they tend to be more emotional uh which means it doesn't mean that someone who's data-driven can't be emotional they tend to be a little bit more on the dissociative side they tend to be a little bit more aloof jimmy says is there anthropo anthropometric measurements to distinguish the size of the features the chinese did not use standard inches or centimeters like we're using they use what they call a body inch and. So one of the big um the big benchmarks that the chinese use when measuring facial features a is in proportion to each other. So again uh again we're starting with the basics right. I'm sorry let me make this a little bit smaller um okay.

So again. So you have these three zones and what are the relative proportions or sizes here now this is when you look. At these three okay. When you look.

At these three you're gonna get a code or a sequence okay. Um if we if we assign zone one two and three to what they are you may get someone who's data driven. Then very practical and. Then very uh and.

Then they get a gut feeling that it's right. For them and they go for it some people you present to them and they get a gut feeling they look. At the data and. Then they want to know how it's going to help them right.

Some people are going to say well what's this going to do for me show me the data that supports it i like that let's go ahead and do it does that make sense if that makes sense go ahead and type that in the chat and fyi there is some correlation between some of these traits and myers-briggs in fact my teacher lillian bridges who is the world's leading authority on chinese facial diagnosis and chinese medicine can actually look. At your face and tell you with a high degree of certainty or myers-briggs profile i'm not quite that good yet. But uh i can start to interpret i can start to extrapolate on certain myers-briggs personality pro uh traits from looking at the combinations of these particular things. So is this useful is with the ability to know how people make decisions change the way you do things in any way type in the chat how that would change what you're doing yep okay.

Is this useful perfect all right. So this was the. First radioactive nugget that i've i discovered when i started going through the face reading okay. The.

Next one to me was not quite as significant on the surface. But when i started really thinking about it and i started studying a lot with chase and and some of the other body language experts out there i started to realize why this is important the. Next piece is would it be would it be useful would it be useful to be able to look. At someone and peel back their social masks in other words to look.

At somebody and know what kind of a person they are in public and. Then to look. At them slightly differently and know what kind of a person they are in private when nobody's looking when the world isn't watching would that be useful okay. This.

Next piece is an amplifier to everything that we're that's going to come. Later okay. It's going to this on the surface at. First doesn't seem like it's quite as useful as the decision making process.

But when you factor this. Next piece in with what comes after it it becomes for those of you who are therapists managing teams hiring people this is going to be massive okay. Changed everything about how i deal with people and this is about public versus private personas when you look. At a person's face and by the way this is not this is one of the few places uh where there's no.

Gender specificity uh from the chinese medical perspective in certain aspects of chinese medicine um it's different for men and women this is one of the few places where um these these attributes are universal. So this is going to be your right. This is going to be your left okay. Now most people are right.

Eye dominant what does that mean we're looking at a face it means that we tend to pay most attention to what we see through our right. Eye and because we tend to project what we do on the inside with what we do on the outside when we look. At a person we look. We tend to look.

At their right. Side. First. So in other words i will literally look.

At through my right. Eye at a person at the right. Side of a person's face that's going to give me their public face it's going to give me their public face the face that they want to show the world okay. Are you with me.

So far okay. Perfect if i want to know who they are in private when the lights are out when the when the curtains are drawn when nobody's watching or they think they're alone i need to get my left eye in the game. So i need to take my left eye and look. At the left side of their face okay.

And i actually have it written over here. But it's more dynamic to watch me do it okay. So are we are we cool. So far public face right.

Private face left this is true if you're male or female okay. I don't know i was told again um here's what i would do um because jd is asking some very good questions if they're left actually wouldn't be they're left eye dominant it's if you're right. Eye dominant there the hemispheric dominance in terms of right-handed or left-handedness does not seem to play a role in in the reading of a person's face this is based on the reader the person doing the reading not the person being read. So if you're using this process to read people why is the private side of the face more attractive than the public side i wouldn't say that it's all that sounds like a generalization i wouldn't say that's always true in fact uh what i've seen many times is this exactly the inverse is that the private side especially if there's someone who's had a lot of emotional uh traumas and emotion private emotional suffering their left side tends to be more aligned and marked than their right.

Side and we'll get to that in just a minute. But are we clear on right. Versus being public left being private are we are we clear with that perfect okay. Now how do we use this okay.

Well this is going to become far more useful in the. Next segment. But let's look. At this when we look.

At the markings of a person's face we're looking for asymmetry in case you weren't aware most people's faces are not symmetrical. However the common standard of beauty in the industry is that the more facial symmetry you have the more beautiful we tend to view that face. But when as a face reader we are looking for predominance of features and facial asymmetry. So one of the.

First things that we want to look. At on right. Versus left are the eyes. We want to know which eye is larger which is more closed are the cheekbones or the markings on the cheek deeper or more prominent or longer on the right.

Side versus the left side or the left side versus the right. Side are is the mouth or the eyes. Upturned or down turned are they more of turned or downturned on the right. Side or the left side the the longer and deeper the markings on the face the more intense the emotion the emotional reservoir is the more predominant and more often those emotions have been experienced and generally speaking uh the deeper and more powerful the emotional charge tends to be jimmy says i have a beard and sunglasses most of the time could this still work absolutely you just have to look.

At different things you just have to look. At different things beards tend to amplify the traits they cover okay. Because it actually adds more energy to the area. So unconscious.

So one of the things that for those of you who are therapists this is something that i teach in my hypnotherapy and my nlp classes uh and this is called the dynamics of the unconscious response okay. Remember that the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you almost always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allowed and it's never linear now for those of you um more on this can be found in my uh my identity by design real world hypnosis course as well as my uh hypnosis uh real world trauma resolution courses where we go deep dive into these six characteristics and why they're important for every therapist to know okay. And if you understand this you can dramatically resolve the resistance to any session that you do okay.

So these are the things that we want to look. At when we're evaluating public versus private now when would this be useful when would this be um just. So i understand you better go ahead and type in the chat when you think under having this information or knowing this information would be useful type it in the chat for me dd on youtube is asking does a chin that's not symmetrical mean anything absolutely everything means something everything means something the question is is you know how much bandwidth do you have to process these things which jay says every day and everything yes. Okay.

Now here's what i have discovered based on the teachings of my teacher based on uh some of the things i've learned from my good friend chase um you see when you're an influencer you are in the business of giving permission to people permission to be something or someone they wouldn't normally be in a given context or circumstance how does this apply to face reading very simple most people in the business world are operating from here from their right. Eye from their right. Side face or their public persona in other words the one thing you do not want to do in most cases in most business settings is peel back their social mask and unlock their private side you're going to elicit defensiveness you're going unless you're doing it strategically and i'll talk about that in a minute when you influence people and you're in a business or professional setting you want to do things that cause them to associate into the positive aspects of that persona the public persona and dissociate from the negative things in that public persona okay. So we would talk about things that cause them to take on an identity that is positive that they want to be more like we would talk about the things we hate in people who have the opposite.

But we want to target it specifically to their public face now if you uh if you come to our secrets of human influence training we'll talk about the emotional bonding checklist where you systematically start on the public side and drill down into their private side the emotional drivers that they want to satisfy and fulfill. But that's the only context where this would be useful for you okay. And it's an important one. But as a rule when you start to look.

At someone's face and you unpack it once you have a profile for their public face you now know how to target your influence how to target your flattery how to target your comments or criticisms how to frame the things you say to magnify and amplify this persona. But let's say you want to create intimacy with people you want to create vulnerability you want people to open themselves up and become more intimately suggestible now you want to talk to their private face and you want to take the same approach you want to talk about the things that cause them to trust to open up um that will and you'll see facial markings actually change as they cycle through these uh as they cycle through these different emotions okay. So left side is who they are when they're off duty and. So this is going to give you an indication of what they're going to be like two or three months into the relationship when they've become intimate with you they've become comfortable with you they stop putting up the defense mechanisms this is the person that's going to emerge right.

So if you understand how to read the difference between somebody on their best behavior and somebody whose guard is down would that be useful okay. So this could save you a lot of time and frustration couldn't it is that you again i'm going to keep asking because a lot of people are saying well why don't they just get to the point this is the point these are by the way you notice that these are not actually small things are they it's very very easy to divide a person's face into right. Side and left side isn't it right. You can see that from across the room can't you you know calm metal says screen out the looney tunes yeah it's there it's their left-handed side it's just.

So it's the person's the targets left side the target's right. Side okay. It's always true left and true right. Okay.

Yeah in case i wasn't clear if the if the subject raises their right. Hand that's their public face the subject raises their left hand that is their private face it does not change if you come if as you're out there testing and training in this in these particular mechanics you start to see a pattern that that indicates a difference from what i'm teaching let me know okay. Again i'm not asking you to believe everything i'm teaching you i'm asking you to take the information apply it to yourself and. Then apply it to other people to humans in their normal habitat and decide if it's worthy if worthwhile if it is use it as the rate as the late great bruce lee used to say absorb what is useful discard that or absorb what is useful discard that which is useless or not useful add what is uniquely your own.

So my goal here is not to take make you a face reader like me although i can profile a face in 90 seconds and my students can too they can literally go from hairline to chin line in 90 seconds and come away with the ability to know that person better than people who've known them 20 years right. And we've tested this over and over again on people we don't know that other people in the room do. So that's that's the goal between what we're training. But again you start with the big pieces.

First big pieces are easy to see right. Side left side upper zone middle zone lower zone you can see them from across the room they're easy to spot you don't have to be interacting with the person to take that snapshot it creates the frame that you're going to fill in the details for as you interact more intimately with them does that make sense all right. So now when we look. At facial markings we look.

At the right. Side versus left side what are some things that we want to focus on a look. At their eyes. Is one eye bigger is one eye held more open or closed is it disproportionate is when i higher or lower i've had people with that right.

Um look. At the corners of the mouth look. At the cheekbones are the cheek markings the cheek markings are matte are extremely extremely important and you're going to find out why in just a minute right. Do they have more lines on one side of their face versus the other side this is going to tell you where they're harboring and repressing more emotional stuff emotions traumas things of that nature some people on their public face have not experienced a high degree of bad stuff or they're very dissociated okay.

But you look. At the left side of their face and there's like park marks and wrinkles and things everywhere right. And that tells you that their their private life is pretty turbulent would chubby cheeks be a barrier absolutely not jimmy because chubby cheek to mean something too here's the thing you need to understand everything means something there's nothing that hasn't now i may not know the meaning i'll be up front like i said i'm still you know as much as i know about face reading and as much as i teach it and explore it and study with my my primary teacher lillian and other great instructors on face reading there's i'm constantly learning new things right. There's over 100 different teachings on various mold positions i haven't started those yet i mean i know what some of them are.

But it just hasn't been my focus because this training that i'm sharing with you is all about personality temperament emotion and ultimately the health okay. So ricardo's asking um what does it mean if one eye is higher than the other for example private as a rule higher eyes. Tend to be more beneficial um one of the things that people look. For in terms again when we when we talk about chinese facility you gotta remember there's there's the medical side there's the psychology side which is what we're kind of focusing in on and.

Then there's the woo side like the the fortune telling future uh predicting your future fortune telling side of things. So one of the things that that happens is we look. At the level of the eye and the level of the ear and specifically it's the level of the eyebrow if the ear is actually above the eyebrow by any significant means what it generally indicates is somebody who's going to become very very well known very early in life. So when you have an eye that's higher it tends to be a little bit more beneficial or benevolent more lucky than a lower eye that doesn't mean that's always true and it can be very contextual.

So those are those are distinctions that are not going to be immediately useful. But one of the things that will be immediately useful when you look. At right. Side versus left side is which eye is bigger and when i say bigger it can be bigger in one of several ways it can be a small eye or a medium-sized eye that's held very wide open or it can be a big eye right.

And. Then it could be a big eye that's held closed how they hold that eye will tell you a lot about their openness to sharing and and giving information to taking in information and for those of you who are hypnotists it can actually be an indicator of a degree of suggestibility and degree of secretiveness right. So as a rule some with a very wide open eye they give information very readily they take in information very readily they tend to be a little bit more suggestible they have a lot of shen or spirit as the chinese would say people who hold their eye closed who have the lizard are you know they're very secretive they don't let information they analyze everything that comes in and they think about what they say over and over and over again. So they say only the right.

Thing going out. So when you see a difference in the in the size of the eye relative to one another you can tell in a very very quick way how open somebody is emotionally cognitively physically or how closed off and secretive they are right. Is that useful [Music] now i i have a workshop where i spend an entire day on nothing. But eyes.

So for those of you who are worried about reading people with a mask on. First class is nothing everything above the mask. So it's all up here. So you don't the masks don't matter right.

Okay. So when we start to look. At um what comes. Next now we want to look.

At emotional health what emotions do they do most often which ones are they they refusing to process which emotions are stuck and once again as you can probably intuit the depth and length of the markings on one side can be dramatically different from the depth and length of markings on the other side safari and starfall says you nailed it for me personally wow right. 2 500 years of chinese observational science guys right. The chinese weren't stupid the asian again not just the chinese. But everything i do chases back to china this is true in korea this is true in malaysia this if you see crazy rich asians right.

It's in malaysia right. In japan renee says wow nailed me down perfectly yeah yeah there's logic versus emotion it's all shown everything you do with your cognition is measured in the face okay. So again this is not like like western phrenology or face reading this is very very different my my oh my mic is bumping because i apologize because my my trace slid a little forward and it uh thank you for telling me that because that's that can be really annoying. So we having fun.

So far we learned some cool stuff would you like to go deeper cool all right. So here's where we go. Next okay. Again if you're not happy there's a door right.

So what we're going to do. Next is we're going to take this framework that we've created and we're going to drill down into emotions where do emotions mark us on the face how do we interpret that and and create a profile of a person's emotional health right. And we'll extrapolate on that. So there's about 20 some traits that we're going to cover um what was going to happen is i'm going to start with the top of the face we're going to go clockwise around about five or six traits in it's going to be time for us to talk about training opportunities that i mentioned earlier at the beginning of the webinar.

So with your permission i'd like to go as far into into the motions of the face as we can and. Then i will break off i will show you the program we've put together for you and. Then when i'm done with that we'll circle back we'll pick up and we'll finish the emotions of the face and. Then we'll drill down onto things like trauma and i think a lot of people were asking about trauma and things of that nature does that sound like a plan if you're okay.

With that if you're ready to do that and follow instructions go ahead and type i'm ready in the chat cool let's face it i like that cool excellent all right. So let's go to stage three now this and this was to me a pardon part of my uh my my vest is a little oh it's because of this never mind i hate being asymmetrical that's one of the things that's kind of uh one of my pet peeves um the. Next the. Next chart that we're going to explore is the one that to me was pure platinum and i don't mean that in a strip club kind of way i mean when i saw this it was like the holy grail and for those of you who are client who see clients coaches therapists things of that nature you deal with trauma even physical health this is a this is the mother lode okay.

But keep in mind that once again it takes on even more significance when you look. At it in terms of the decision making processes as well as the public versus private okay. But you can you can you can master it on its own and it's really really powerful and this is the emotional map of the face. So let's jump in i absolutely love this map.

So what you see here is what i would consider a the lifetime of a the lifetime of uh micro expressions. So we're going to start again this is the 12 o'clock position we're going to kind of just kind of orbit around this direction okay. So the. First line i want you to look.

At when you look. At a face after you've uh after you've looked at their public's or their their upper zone in their middle zones after you've established public versus private. So now you have the framework of a profile now you want to look. At you want to take an emotion what i call an emotional inventory okay.

And this is this can be done very very quickly i start again at the 12 o'clock position and. Then i circle around. So the. First line i want you to look.

At is called skepticism hold on a. Second let me let me change my color here skepticism can be seen as a line that starts roughly the midline above the eyebrow and it travels towards the corner of the eye or towards the temple now one of the things that i want you to really embrace when you start communicating these traits i want you to do it in a certain way i want you to avoid using the label instead describe the behavior. So if i saw if i looked at somebody and i said oh you're a skeptic well they may or may not embrace that right. Because people a lot because especially people who have a an allergy to being labeled or pigeon-holed they are even if they are very skeptical they're going to become reacted on you and you want to you want to be able to present this information to people in a way that they'll accept what you say.

So while i'm on this subject let me just jump out really quick when you read people's faces several things happen a they become extremely sensitive in fact if for those of you who are in the hypnosis or nlp world you may have heard the term ab reaction they can become extremely abreactive very very quickly okay. This is one of those times where having an intimate knowledge of a person's emotional architecture and internal world can be misused okay. So when you are reading faces a you will have their undivided attention you will have them hanging on your every word. But they're also going to be looking for anything that doesn't match and because they they're kind of in that pruvit mode um they can have a reactant response to the label.

But one of the things you'll notice is as you start describing the behavior it'll click for them and you'll see their faces start to change don't believe me. First time i heard this i call i was the. First to call okay. Lillian said yeah when you unpack a feature and you help them resolve it that marking goes away and i was like right.

And. Then i went to a face reading class and one of the. Last things we do with the class is um she brings people in off the street and we do a reading and they take a before and after picture they take a picture before we do the reading they take a picture after and after the person has their reading and they go home we put the pictures up on the screen and their faces are different noses get longer cheeks fill out if hair lines change it's weird. But as these facial as these markings and the the the psycho-emotional influences connected to them change their faces change whether the bottom effect takes control or not the facial architecture changes spontaneously.

So some phenomena is happening right. So when we do this you can describe the trait almost always going to create reactants even if you're right. But you will see the eyes. Start to kind of get watery a little bit.

So be very compassionate and and generate a lot of rapport when you do this. So when i when i see someone with a strong [Music] a strong skepticism line one of the things i'll often i'll often make it just if you don't believe people tell you do you and they'll usually laugh right. And i'll say there's a line that you have a beautiful marking right. Above here that says you have a really deep very well developed sense of uh skepticism you don't take things at face value you don't tend to you want to see some people make a claim you actually kind of want to see proof that what they're saying is actually true right.

And that tends to um people say well yeah that's true right. Okay. Okay. People are asking even when they apply cream to cover anti and anti-wrinkles there's still some markings present right.

Now if they have botox we'll talk about that kind of stuff. Later for everything i give you there's going to be exceptions to the role. But right. Now we can't focus on exceptions we have to focus on the patterns not the exceptions to the patterns okay.

And almost always as you extrapolate on the patterns um you'll find why they how they fit. Later on. So this movement here is going to be um i see this in a lot of lawyers by the way okay. Let's see here the.

Next line we're going to look. At and this these are some of the ones i really want you to pay attention to are the are the lines in and around the eyes. We look. At the outer corner of the eye this area here and this area here are some of the most important now you gotta understand something that i'm showing you think of the face like layers to an onion skin okay.

Like for example just really quick when we when when someone who's uh focused on emotional health looks your face this is what we see. But when we're looking at like the um how to use the face to judge your health this is what we see right. All of these have connections to your internal organs as well okay. But we're not focusing on that these are energetic correlates okay.

But we're focusing on emotions. So this is where we go. So we look. At the outer corner of the eye this is called the outer canthus lines that start at the outer canthus and travel up.

But terminate before the eyebrow are known as joylines now the chinese have a different way of talking about joy their joy is more along the lines of contentment if you if you look. At a chinese medical book. They'll say that joy negatively affects the heart the chinese what the chinese are talking about when they talk about joy affecting the heart is they're talking about pathological joy or excessive joy which is almost always some form of mania or over excitement if you've ever read or or stories about people who win the lottery get. So excited they die of a heart attack that's what we're talking about.

So we'll get to this one when we come back from our break. But when we see somebody with really nice well-developed lines that start from the outer canthus and travel up this person's had a lot of joy in their life we call them crow's feet okay. But sometimes you'll see markings that start at the outer canthus and they travel down the face kind of like this and what this is what i call the three degrees of loss here's what i mean the short lines indicate sadness this is somebody who's gone through some short term sadness um jimmy's saying can this be made bigger i'm not sure what we're talking about can this be made bigger um these are usually short term if they're very deep they've been around for a long time if you see lines that extend further down now you're looking at a deeper reservoir we call this sorrow these are usually herds that haven't been fully processed losses that haven't been fully processed and they've gone to can i zoom in more uh hold on a. Second is that better cool all right.

So i call again three degrees of loss sadness is usually short term um if they if they mark with these what it generally means they've had a lot of sadnesses they had a lot of loss if the line goes down longer and is deeper we're now looking at sorrow these are griefs are these are our losses that haven't been fully processed okay. And. Then. Finally if the line extends all the way down the face to just around the jawline you're looking at grief these are people who have taken all of the sorrows and sadnesses and losses and have locked them down and have refused to move past them they've kind of locked them somewhere in the body you will often see these lines on people with lung issues and the reason for that is very easy to see if we go back to our original and it looks like this this white area is related to the metal element or the lungs and.

So many times when you see markings that travel through this area these people will almost always be exhibiting some form of lung issue asthma and allergy copd emphysema and what's interesting for those of you who are hypnotherapists and and deal with these kinds of things when you start to unpack the emotions behind the emphysema the asthma um the the copd you almost always uncover one of these in fact they'll often start coughing and choking and sobbing um and sadness has a very um distinct breathing pattern when they're clearing it. So be very very aware that it is cyclical this way okay. Like i said before for 15 years i treated physiological illness rooted in repressed emotion i saw these kinds of things on a day-to-day basis now there's another kind of loss that people deal with that is a little bit misunderstood at. First it starts at the inner campus and works its way down once again through the lung area this is called lost loves now let me explain this a little bit the chinese have a concept called ming which means destiny or golden path and the taoists believe that every human being on the planet is born into this world with a mission to fulfill to raise the consciousness and to evolve themselves personally and spiritually and the way that you figure out what your path what your ming in this life is are by the things that cause your body to become.

So joyful that more spirit enters your body the chinese believe that your shen or your spirit is actually bigger than your physical body and more of it it wants to become as embodied as possible. So it comes into the body it lodges in the heart and. Then it radiates out like a prism like a white light through a prism to the individual organs now whether you believe that or not doesn't matter the patterns are still here and they still work. But one of the things they figured out very very quickly was that when you do things that are in harmony with your ming or your destiny your body lights up you feel more joyful you feel like you're in the right.

Place doing the right. Thing for the right. Reasons all is right. With the world and if you've ever seen somebody who's gone from like depressed to instantly joyful they never notice that light that beams out of their eyes.

And from under their skin if you've seen that go ahead and type that in the chat okay. What you're seeing in that moment is what we call shining in more spirit is entering the body and they become fulfilled right. You've seen people suddenly lose something that was very very important. Then their eyes.

Become very flat and dull and affect this their skin tends to get sallow you've seen what we call shedding out in other words the body has become a less happy place to be and. So the shen doesn't want to be there the spirit doesn't want to be there yes. Neil says i see that when students get it absolutely that moment of of realization right. What do they call it enlightenment it's a physiological thing more spirit has come into the body an epiphany has happened your face changes okay.

So you can go back and forth round and round on this. But what happens a lot of times is we have something that feeds our spirit that lights us up like a christmas tree and. Then for whatever reason we have an accident we move the thing we love is no. Longer socially acceptable and we have to stop doing it when we experience when we lose things that are part of our ming part of our destiny our reason to hatch to use the french our reason for being you will mark you will mark with a line that starts at the inner campus and travels down through that lung area okay.

And. So what happens is when you are on your journey to find how many of you have ever said i wish i i know i'm here to do something i just wish i knew what it was have you ever had that if you've ever had that question or you've ever been asked that question this is yeah chinese are talking about the golden path ming or destiny one of the ways that you figure out what your mission is is by the things that light you up on the inside the things that make your spirit come into your body okay. And what brings spirit into your body may completely remove spirit from somebody else's right. It's it's very very specific very very individual.

But when people lose things that are part of their ming they will mark. So your job as a healer as a therapist as a coach as a guide or as a personal student of self-evolution your job is to remove those blocks and reclaim those lost loves and when you do these lines will go away don't believe me just do it how do you spell that chinese word m-i-n-you want chan or ming s-a-t-n yes. Shannon ming again you don't need to know those words. But it helps to understand the concept and why it's important to the face right.

And. So a lot of times when you get people who've been in a corporate job or been working at a job that they hate you will see all kinds of lines they'll often have lung problems they'll often be chain smokers they'll often do all kinds of things that affect the lungs in some way maybe they get high or whatever. So one of the things that when when your clients come in and you see these lines you know this person's experienced some significant losses right. Your job is to unpack them and help okay.

For those who are interested in that we actually have a class coming up i think in november or december i think we're doing a golden path if you're interested to let stephanie know and she'll tell you. So when we look. At the. First the.

First quarter quadrant of the face right. Skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief lost love now if we look. At someone's face and by the way all of these traits with the exception for the ones on the center line of the face are symmetrical you can have them on the left side you can have them on the right. Side.

But if we looked at somebody's face right. If we looked at somebody's face and we noticed that the lines on their private side were deeper than the lines on their public side what would that tell us type in the chat what would that tell us they're subject they've suffered more in their private life or they're suffering more in their private life it's deeper rooted they keep their feelings in right. They can keep a secret yeah these are all good possibilities right. Do you see now how just with just a few basic understandings we can start to create a profile of this person they could be introverted yes.

They could jimmy i would look. At something different to determine that. But did he be a social driver okay. They hide their emotions they certainly don't they don't say certainly don't express them do they right.

These people lock in their emotions in their private life they don't show what they don't they don't show their true feelings right. Now that could be for safety reasons they grew up in an environment like me where it was very very hostile and showing their emotions was considered a sign of weakness and. So they've locked them in it could be that they're just there's. So much going on in their life that they haven't had a chance to process it they don't have an environment where it's safe to process it.

But the one thing we do know is that in their private life they're holding on to a lot more than in their public life the face they show the world is different right. Okay. Was that useful yes. Or yes.

Okay. Now here's a quick self-care thing every morning when you get up get up go to the bathroom wash your face drink some water. First thing i want you to do is look. In the mirror and measure the lines on your face chart from day to day how it changes because you have a different face every day you have a different face every day is this fun is this useful am i delivering on my promise to give you something you can use you ready to go further how do you make them go away when we come back uh at the end of the webinar i'll show i'll show you some ways to make i'll give you actually uh some very powerful steps to help make them go away let's go okay.

So here's what i'd like to do i'd like to take some time and show you a training program i put together for you if you like it great you'll have an opportunity to take your training to the. Next level and actually get the actionable transformational side of this thing not just the reading side. But the ability to actually make changes in your life and. So without further ado let me jump into that when we come back once again when we come back we're going to pick up the emotional map we'll go through it and we'll continue to build on that foundation.

So you come away with even more cool stuff is that cool all right. So without further ado with your permission i'd like to present to you how to understand yourself better gain an unbeatable edge in life and take your people reading skills and your life to the. Next level i'd like to introduce you to our face reading for fun and profit secrets of perp of people reading and personality transformation home study course this is a course based on my live events based on my studies and research in behavior and chinese medicine and how to read faces and apply it to everyday life uh it's designed to be learned at home. But it's got some amazingly cool benefits in it face feeding for fun and profit personality transformation home study course is all about helping you utilize the power of face reading and related disciplines to take your life to the.

Next level if you're. Finally ready to understand yourself better to have the ability to read people interest in instantly and predict and influence their behavior if you'd like to help more people feel more confident socially professionally uh personally become more powerful in your ability to interact and help people starting with yourself and win the game of life become more charming charismatic and is is irresistible by the way that's a byproduct of learning this the moment anybody around you finds out you know how to read faces you become the most fascinating person in the room if you combine that with the echo technique they will not leave you alone don't believe me just do it right. Be very careful face reading your uber driver it's important to read the uber driver's face before you get in. But be careful telling them what you see because you may have the longest ride of your life because they may not let you out right.

And that's a good thing by the way um okay. So here's what we put together now everything that we're going to talk about uh is available for you to take advantage of until 11 59 pm tonight. So may 20th 2021 at 11 59 p.m everything in this webinar goes away. But again it's fully worth it at full price if you decide you really want to get it.

Then you learn martial arts to get out i actually use face reading in the martial arts that i teach okay. So for today only we're going to share with you the secrets of face reading home stuff any course it's a 1497 value and it contains some of our most powerful proven real world face reading skills and secrets of personal transformation we've been able to amass for you. So let me just kind of zero in on this uh maybe make this picture window a little bit bigger for you hold on a. Second there we go.

So this is going to teach you how to learn and quickly assess personality and temperament how to identify and work with people's thinking and decision-making styles we'll be combining this with some of our conversational hypnosis work as well you'll be able to learn how to unlock and resolve people's emotional traumas how to determine their management style to discover their sexual and romantic compatibility you're going to gain the ability to manage money and resources and understand how people do that some people have a knack for money other people struggle we're going to show you the markings on the face that relate directly to a person's ability to accumulate wealth and how they manage it we're going to teach you how to change the features of a face. So that you can become more of the person you want to be instead of the person that reality and social uh pressures and familial pressures conspired to make you you're gonna learn in a nutshell how to connect with people more powerfully and done yourself and understand yourself better than ever before not only that you'll be able to take this information and actually use it to predict how people will think feel and behave in a given situation circumstance. So if you're a headhunter if you're a manager if you have a spouse or a partner and you want to know what they're most likely to do in certain situations in certain contexts this is of course you're absolutely going to want to take advantage of if you'd like to become the most fascinating person in the room and maybe even never be fooled again. But we want to talk about lie detection uh in this course this is one of the most powerful easy to use programs ever we will literally teach you to go from hairline to chin line and evaluate a person and get a massively accurate personality profile in as little as 90 seconds it's a 1497 value and we're going to give this to you as part of today's webinar special offer.

But we're not going to stop with just this like i said when we when we design a program for people we design a program that allows you to build to have a core foundation and. Then add on to those skills and round out your abilities to do that okay. Wellness says it's already the 21st of may here darn i miss the opportunity well you know what well now i think if you just reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and tell her you're on the webinar right. Now i think she could probably help you out okay.

Let me give you that phone number really quick it's 858-282-4663 for those of you who are are ahead of us oops sorry let me do that again 858-282-4663 i keep missing my keys for those of you on zoom it's 858-282-4663 if you have any questions about face reading we have lots of certified and trained face readers on the chat tonight feel free to ask your questions okay. Uh there's actually a way to chat david david says i've actually definitely been hung in past life there's actually a way to actually see that there's actually wrinkles on the face that let you on the neck that let you know that that's true. So here's what else we've got for you we're going to add these extra bonuses for you for those of you who want to take your learning further we're also going to give you our flagship hypnotherapy home study course program it's called identity by design okay. It's a 1497 value this is going to show you how to take the markings that you identify in face reading and unlock them how to how to resolve them okay.

And hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason we'll teach you how to find remove and resolve blocks to your success and limiting beliefs how to find and remove hidden negativity stuff you didn't even know that you had we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever gone to a therapist or a coach they've worked on something and all of a sudden you reach like it's maybe you go in and it's a level nine you get it down to a level two it just doesn't go any further we're going to show you how to deal with that maybe you've gone to a therapist or a coach or a healer and they've completely got in the way mid to nine it goes down to a zero five days. Later it comes back we're going to show you how to fix that once and for all we're going to teach you how to change that crappy voice inside your head. So that it builds you up instead of tears you down if you're wondering what voice i'm talking about it's the voice inside your head that just said what voice okay. We're going to teach you how to systematically resolve all the negative energy from your past.

So when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better on top of all that we're going to teach you to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you admire who you want to be more like into your subconscious mind. So it becomes a template that you can build on and you can express those traits qualities talents and attributes more fully in your everyday life we're going to teach you instant and rapid inductions conversation hypnosis how to evaluate the suitability of a client to make sure that what you offer is a fit for what they got total value for that is uh if you combine the face reading for fun and profit course with the the identity by design course is a 2 94 value. But what exactly do we need to acquire these courses there's a link that i'm going to give you in just a moment kelsey um all you gotta do is click it and you can be one of the.

First to grab it just stay with us i've got more stuff for you right. Here's what else we're gonna give you okay. A lot of you guys are into energy a lot of you folks want to know more about vibrational healing and becoming more enlightened more empowered things of that nature we're going to include on top of this um what we call our vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course this is going to teach you how to unlock the power of your mind to control your energy build it and use it in ways you never thought possible we'll literally teach you how to manifest powerful energetic phenomena right. On the spot we'll teach you how to get rapport with the elements to make yourself heavier lighter warm up your body close down your body if you're familiar with any of wim hof stuff uh he does a process known as tamo which is a rapport with the fire element okay.

You'll learn about how that works how you can develop it for yourself and how to do that with other elements as well we'll teach you how to clean and balance your chakras. So you think and process energy and information cleanly and healthfully. So that the things that have been holding you back the things that have been perpetuating your addictions or your negative habits they start to go away we'll teach you a system for boosting your intuitive and psychic abilities based on some very very powerful um esoteric traditions as well as some modern cutting edge neuroscience that kind of go hand in glove with that we'll teach you how to manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible in this course i will teach you two of the most powerful engines of transformation i have ever discovered and how they integrate them into the hermetic philosophies and principles that are the the foundations of everything that we teach we'll teach you how to protect yourself against manipulation and psychic attack and psychic attacks are everywhere they take many different forms and. So once you understand this full spectrum of psychic manipulation that's that can be applied to you you're gonna be far more uh able to defend yourself okay.

And. Finally if you're truly ready to to tap into that potential you know is dormant inside of you we're gonna give you a step-by-step training program for that this is the bonus that we're giving you for uh jumping on this today and. So. So you got the the face reading for fun and profit home study course which is an introduction to chinese vibrational science you've got the identity by design hypnotherapy home study program which will allow you to transform and rebuild your sense of identity and personal abilities from the inside out and.

Then. Finally you've got the vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course it's a 1497 value. But we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value if you buy these individually on the website would be four thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars you know what i think we're going to do um stephanie if you can go ahead and post uh uh go ahead and post a link because people are kind of getting a little a little rabbit here let's go ahead and give them the ability to do that um if you go to uh i believe it's facereading.com for our nlp.com forward slash face. So just give us a moment and uh and by the way there are we only got a few see a few of these available.

So please bear with us okay. Um we're also gonna throw in our people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course now everything we've talked about in today's webinar everything that's in the face reading for fun and profit class is all about from the neck up people reading for fun and profit is going to take you from the neck down it's going to teach you about posture ventral orientation forward leads backward leads gestural hemispheric manipulations uh eye movements it's going to teach you about active profiling it's going to allow you to flesh out everything that we've done with the facial work. So that you have a full understanding of how to read people now this is a life study. But again what we've done here is we've made this a very simple very easy strategic um course it's going to allow you to read people's body language and expressions to understand the body language of attraction there are seven discrete phases that human beings go through when they go from stranger to intimacy if you understand those seven stages you can instantly look.

At any two people anywhere in any circumstance and know instantly who's more interested and attracted to who who's more invested in a relationship how close these people are to hooking up if you're doing if you're doing if you're interested in becoming more effective in dating mating and relating this will allow you to speed read where you're at in that interaction. So that you can know exactly what to do. Next and one of the. First courses that i ever created was called uh secret orgasm tips and in that course there was a chapter i called how the the hidden secret to making any seduction system or attraction system work for you and it was all about a concept known as calibration how to look.

At somebody and understand if what you're doing is get moving you towards what you want or away from what you want one of the most important pieces is the body language of attraction to know if you're actually creating more desire and intimacy in your partner or are you actually turning them off thinking you're doing it the right. Way. So this and this by the way has direct applications to networking to negotiation as well as dating relating and mating okay. Uh and this is a universal you will see these seven stages manifesting in pretty much every culture i've i've i've taught or a country i've taught in when i teach body language i always try to start with the things that are universal to human beings not to culture and.

So that's where we start okay. Uh we're going to teach you how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors we'll teach you everything from bass lines to clusters to the most 15 most common types of deceptive behaviors what they look. Like and how they manifest we're going to teach you using your own body language your own posture your own breathing your own power poses how to project charm and confidence and charisma on command. So that you can be more influential everywhere that you go you'll learn ladies you'll learn how to understand men better men you'll understand you'll learn how to understand women better you'll learn how to dress for success what are the looks that give you more social status what are the looks that demean your social status right.

And and and how to use that will teach you to eliminate the behaviors that weaken your personal influence and add the behaviors that give you more charisma stage presence uh authenticity and authority real and you can use that all to close more deals get more dates get people to trust you believe in you to follow your lead and obey your instructions okay. It's a powerful powerful amplifier to everything that we've already discussed it's a 997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value. So far is five thousand four hundred and eighty eight dollars if you could buy all of these courses on the website uh some of them you can't some of them you can't we're also going to put a special extra value a lot of one of my most popular videos on youtube is all about how to catch liars call lie to me if you dare this is a crash course that i created a couple years back and it's going to teach you in a in a couple of short hours the key characteristics that people who are being intentionally deceptive uh emanate psychological tips and tricks for catching liars on contact you'll learn how to understand and detect the key indicators of detection of deception the 15 unique tells that clue you in when people may be lying to you how to look. At everything the body is doing and understand it and how to think like a lie detection expert you see one of the problems that human beings have is they have something called a truth bias professional lie detection experts know how to turn that off they know how to go into detection detect deception or detection detection mode squared and i'll teach you how to do it too you'll understand how to you'll understand men better you'll understand women better you'll eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence again once again and you can absolutely use this to close more deals and get more dates and.

Finally probably the most important piece you will never be you'll have the ability to never be manipulated ever again okay. Total value this is a 97 value we're going to give this again to you absolutely free it's our way to round out your ability to read and understand humans at a whole different level total value is 5 585. But you know what let's review real quick. First and foremost we're going to give you the sequence of face reading home study course it's a 1497 value.

Then we're going to throw in the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course we're going to give this to you absolutely free 1497 value it's yours for free we're also going to include vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence it's a 1497 value you're going to get it absolutely 100 percent free we're going to throw in the people reading for fun and profit 2 day intensive valued at 997 we're going to give this to you absolutely free okay. And. Finally we're going to include the lie to me if you dare how to catch liars crash course this is a crash course in lie detection okay. There's lots of other things that you could learn that would round out your lie detection abilities.

But if you need to start learning how to catch lies today. So you can use it tomorrow this is the course you want we're going to throw that in absolutely free you'll see instantly how it matches with the face reading with the uh people reading for fun and profit it'll all come together in a glorious gestalt of the ability to know and understand people and it starts from easy to understand to the most complex you'll have a step-by-step process for doing that you'll be able to have the ability to walk through the drills and you actually cannot call us up and ask us questions okay. So that's what we got for you total value five thousand five hundred and eighty five dollars. But guess what we're also going to tell you this don't believe us take this information try it for 90 days you have my 90 day unconditional money back guarantee if you are not 100 satisfied with the information if it's not giving you the advantages that you're looking for if you're not using able to use it to make more money to understand and close more deals to attract more success health wealth and happiness in your life if you can't use this to get out of your own way and manifest the life of your dreams if you're not feeling more confident secure and powerful i'm going to give your money back okay.

If you're not if you're not winning this in in your social life and you're not becoming more charismatic and irresistible if you know if you're if you feel if you're not feeling less and less powerless more less and less helpless if all those things don't start to evaporate from your life i will refund your money. But give it a shot use it for 90 days if you're not gaining more insight more confidence more understanding of the people around you pick up the phone and let us know and we'll give you a refund give us the opportunity to coach you over your sticking points. But once again if it's not working for you if it's not a fit for you we don't want your money okay. We want you to be 100 satisfied and stephanie and holly and brandon myself we're all here because we want you to succeed.

So give it the full 90 days if you're happy keep it build on it move forward if you're not pick up the phone send us an email we'll process your refund as soon as beautifully possible is that fair or fair type it in the chat you're very welcome my friend. So here's all you got to do for those of you who want to grab yours all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face that's www.nlpower.com forward slash face and you can absolutely be one of the. First 25 people to get this new program for yourself okay. How does this apply now that we see people on a screen it applies directly to it because as long as you can see their face you can read their face okay.

So now if this wasn't enough if i haven't sweetened the pot free by the way if you're in australia and you're a day ahead of us you have 24 hours to uh or actually not 24 hours you have until 11 59 p.m your time today. So i think you guys are on the 21st to take advantage of this if you grab your course before may 20th uh 2021 or for the aussies down there may 21st 2021 we're also going to include these bonuses for you you're also going to get these. First and foremost we're going to give you a three month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring program let me explain to you um what this is let me jump off this really quick. So we can understand total combined value is uh six thousand one hundred seven dollars one of the most powerful things and important things that you need to be successful with this is you need to surround yourself with people who are interested in the same things you are and wanna practice the things you wanna practice would that be useful that's exactly what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is it is the longest running paid skill building mentoring program on the planet the way it works is on the.

Third saturday of every month people log in from all over the world from australia from uk from uh cyprus from canada northern california texas everywhere israel and i literally go around the room and i say seth what do you want to learn stephanie what do you learn sd what do you want to learn uh happy thoughts what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn sebastian what do you want to learn and i take what they want to learn and i write it all up on the board and. Then i look. At it and i look. Where they all kind of connect i find the connecting threads and i develop a lesson plan right.

On the spot and for the. Next three four five hours depending on what we're doing i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you will not you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is your questions directly answered and the willing the ability to practice the exact skills that you need to learn. So you can take those skills out into the world and create the changes you want to change the. Next month you come in i'm going to ask you the same question what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today i'm going to create the lesson plan right.

On the spot we're going to drill you on those skills for the. Next three or four hours until you can do them in your sleep if you really want to take your skills from the abstract cognitive all the way up to the practical real world skills that you need you need to be surrounded by people who want to work on the same things you want to work on. So we've been teaching that class every month since 2010 you're gonna get a three month trial you get to try it out for three months if you love it stay if you don't love it you got three months of working with people who are cool who like to do cool stuff now here's the best part about that we've videotaped every single one of those sessions since 2010 and we've archived them in three places nlp power website part of it's on our our platinum and our gold platinum and diamond level youtube channel and the other part the other part of the archive is on um our private facebook. Group as a trial as an archive member you're going to be having access to every single one of those videos for a full three months videos that have never seen the light of day on youtube they've never been released as products you're going to be able to binge watch all that content 10 years of it hundreds thousands of hours of stuff everything from energy healing to dating attraction face reading how to write marketing copy how to do regression how to learn things faster the full spectrum of hypnosis energy energetics law of attraction manifestation and mind body stuff everything we've done over the people wonder why i'm.

So good at. So many different things it's because on the. Third saturday of every month i literally had to stand up in a room of strangers look. At all the different things they want find a way to put them together to achieve the goals and the outcomes and transfer those skills to people that is not a history that most people have it's one i'd like to share with you.

So i'm gonna give you three months come in roll up your sleeves do the drills get the skills if you like it stay binge watch those videos to your heart content if you don't like it you had three months of the most amazing uh meeting meet and greets imaginable. So we're going to throw that in just to take your skills to the. Next level because remember watching a video is good okay. It's good you know being interactive on a zoom room is good the.

Next best thing the best of the best is being live and if we can make that happen for you we want to do that okay. And. So that's what this particular bonus for you is really about it's only for the people who are really serious about taking their skills to the. Next level by the way our.

Next mastermind mentoring group is this saturday. So if you're interested when would now be a good time to click the links below right. But we're not going to stop there okay. We're not going to stop there we're also going to throw in special pre-release version of our face feeding for fun and profit level two this is a course that we only taught for the.

First time. Last year and it builds on the foundations that we laid in uh people are face reading for fun and profit level one it will cover the traits and the aspects of the face that we didn't get to in level one it will take your knowledge even deeper and will completely round out and flesh out every single thing that you've learned you'll also learn about how people relate to money how people relate to family we have a section on philtrums that people absolutely love that was not covered in any of the other face reading classes and how that relates to parents and children and things like that we'll talk about the palaces of the face. But it's all about understanding personality and temperament and how to take your understanding of those people and your ability to help them to a whole other level we have not released this this has never been released it's not available on the website you can only get it through this particular webinar offer it's a 1497 value we're going to include this for you absolutely free. So if you could buy this on the website which now you can't because these things um aren't available they're only available through this webinar offer 7676 dollars.

But. Finally remember i mentioned that we want you to come and be amongst us we want you to share the live experience and this is how you take your skills from access and initiation to ownership for the. First 25 people to register today we have a very very special offer we are going to give you a special vip super ticket to our face reading for fun and profit master class this is a deep dive into face reading level one face reading level two therapeutic interventions for fixing what you find as well as some of the more precognitive or um predictive aspects prognosticated i think is the word you know how to look. At the family palace the real estate palace the wealth policies these are things that we wouldn't be directly related to personality attitude and temperament.

But are absolutely related to different aspects of your life we're going to teach you how to speed read people's people from the top of their head to the base of their chin in 90 seconds or less not only will you learn everything you need to know about how they deal with risk how they handle money how they handle physicality what kind of sensuality they prefer uh are they compatible sexually and romantically are they how do they deal with authority are they thinkers are they are they feelers all that you'll learn. But you'll learn how to actually make the changes that you want the way that you want it. So again if you really want the deep dive if you want the biggest bang for your buck to make the most of the video programs that we've just talked about we're going to give you the opportunity to come and attend our face reading for fun and profit master class live in las vegas july 26 to the 29th if for some reason you can't make that class. Then we will offer you a vip super ticket good for any single live event in our 2020 or our 2021 or 2022 calendar.

So we want you to come to face tweeting because that's what this webinar is about. But you can trade that ticket in for us admission to any single live event in our 2021-2022 calendar it's a 1950 value. But we're going to add a little extra bonus for those of you who come to the face reading master class you know we videotape all of our events we are going to include absolutely free of charge the video the raw video of that four day event you'll be able to access it and watch it from the privacy of your own home after the class it's a 1497 value. So if you look.

At the the the four day certification combined with the the video of the training itself if you ever come away from video wishing god i want the video of my training you got the opportunity all you need to do is come to our live four day face reading event it's a total value of three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars for those of you because of co i know a lot of you are in australia for example and you can't physically come to the four-day master class we will arrange for you to attend this event via zoom or whatever other interfaces is more user-friendly and you can also have a copy of the video absolutely free we are not forgetting our our brother our brothers and sisters who are locked in the uk locked in the eu locked in canada locked in australia and can't make it if you cannot physically be present we will fight we will we will actually uh do a hybrid training one of our our most powerful online mentors is actually monitoring the chats her name is holly bigelow she is probably the absolute best online instructor i have ever run across she has helped hundreds of our students virtually become masters of this material and you'll have that same opportunity just click the link www.nlpower.comforwardslash face we're going to give this to you absolutely free absolutely free because we want you at the live event now our video trainings are good our video trainings are good our virtual trainings are awesome. But there is still nothing that compares to being at a live event now don't take my word for it ask the people in the class in the chats right. Now who've been to our live events who have our video programs where things rank okay. Okay.

So you'll become a certified face reader able to instantly read people's personality understand how they think feel and behave measure their sexual romantic compatibility their current state of physical and emotional health uncover and resolve forgotten traumas their relationships with their parents and their siblings know how they make decisions and a whole lot more okay. Total value 3447 we're going to give it to you absolutely free all you got to do to get yours uh total value by the way if you add it up now is 11 123 all you got to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash i'm sorry not killer influence uh nlp power.com forward slash face. So let's review really quick what we've got for you today only you've got secrets of face reading home study course diet at one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars you've got the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course we're gonna to get at 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence home study course we're going to give that it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the people reading for fun and profit two day intensive 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to share with you the lie to me if you dare how to catch lap how to catch liars home study crash course valued at 97 we're going to give it to you free and. Then for those of you over the.

Next 25 to register for this program today before i log off this webinar okay. These fast action bonuses go away when i cl when i click the off the end meeting button these go away the rest of these will be available until 11 59 tonight. But if you want that live super ticket if you want to spend four days with me learning some of the most powerful people reading and personal transformation and human influence skills on the planet if you want to overcome blocks to your success understand yourself better resolve limiting beliefs and make people like love and trust you you're going to want to grab one of those 25 slots click that link and reserve your slot before everybody else takes it and you're left out in the cold okay. You're going to get the nlp power mastermind practice group valued at 594.

But that doesn't include our you know it's not counting the value of the 10 years of archived video footage we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get the face reading level 2 pre-release version 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Finally we're going to give you that free vip super ticket and a video copy of the training that you attend we want you to attend the four day face reading master class. But if you can't make it you want to come to something else in our 2021 calendar 2022 calendar um just let's definitely know she will be happily swapped that out it's a 3 47 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free couple more things about our vip super ticket program when you get our vip super ticket it matt you can use it for any single live event you want let's say you decide you want to come to a training and. Then something happens at the.

Last minute suddenly you you let stephanie know you wanted to come to the training. But now you can't go all you got to do is pick up the phone let stephanie know we will move you to another training let's say you weren't going to come to a training and. Then all of a sudden your schedule opens at the. Last minute the training is sold out.

But you want to come all you got to do is pick up the phone send stephanie an email we will find a seat for you at that training provided you qualify for it some of our classes have prerequisites others do not we'll let you know if you qualify right. Off the bat right. This ticket is yours until you use it. So if it takes you two years to get to one of our live events all you got to do when you want to come to an event pick up the phone let stephanie know we'll put you at the head of the line okay.

If the price point of the training and it's good for any training that's five days or less if the price point of the training is two thousand three thousand four thousand dollars and you have one of these live tickets and you qualify by having the prereqs all you gotta do is let stephanie know you come right. To the head of the line. So this ticket is once you have it it's yours till you use it right. Something comes up at the.

Last minute we'll change it something if you want to come at the. Last minute we'll find a place for you price points no. Longer matter and it does not expire. So if for no.

Other reason than to take advantage of that vip ticket this is an amazing deal. But look. At all the other things you're getting right. Okay.

This is good for the. First 25 people only who register for this event or register for this particular webinar package total value if you did the math is eleven thousand one hundred and twenty three dollars. But we're not going to charge you that we're not even gonna charge you 6167. nope we're not going to charge you 2 697 for every single thing we're talking about here including that live event you can get it today for just one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra help we'll even break that up for you into uh three installments of just 3.97 all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face and you can take advantage of that right. Now right.

Away please please please do it now because this thing always sells out and inevitably people are upset because um rather than hanging out and trying they uh they tried to leave a message if you if you call stephanie and her number is 858-282-4663 if you call stephanie and you get the answering machine which happens a lot on these webinars leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for this special if you do not we can't help you okay. So once again 858-282-4663 or you can email her at stephanie nlpower.com okay. You can use one one installment of just 997 or you can break that up into three installments of just 397. okay. So that's what we got.

So here's uh here's how this is gonna work take a moment decide which one um you know uh which version of this stitch you want reach out click the links below we're gonna take a five minute break actually let's take a seven minute break when we come back we're gonna pick up with our face reading training where we left off and we're going to build on it. So once again the training continues. So take a moment use the restroom if you gotta and uh i'll be i'll see you at 607. please thank congratulate jimmy for joining us in vegas and getting this uh awesome face reading package uh we got about four minutes left on our break. So if you have any questions uh while you're signing up for or why are you getting your packages handled or whatever go ahead and type them in the chat um i will answer any other questions that you have i'm happy to jimmy says he's gonna okay.

So you'll be joining us virtually. Then actually um are you gonna be do you think you'll be able to travel by uh renee just got hers excellent welcome cool jay do you think you'll be able to uh jimmy you think you'll be able to uh to travel to the us by by july or do you think that's kind of unrealistic if you haven't gotten yours there's only 25 of these slots left on your list okay. Well that's all right. Holly is probably one of the best zoom instructors i've ever seen um she knows this stuff uh inside and out.

So you'll be internet you'll be working with me and holly during your hybrid classes um and you still have to do all the reps sd says i just signed up welcome sd i'm are you going to be joining us in person are you going to be joining us virtually it's going to be in las vegas kim says i know kim's going to be there kim was in before the webinar started. So yeah she's going to be there we're going to be live and on fire do people need to be in there hold on a. Second that that question went by really quick it's like a year's worth of phd education absolutely because it's all practical it's stuff you can use right. Away you got to be honest i'll be honest with you if i if i couldn't put this stuff to work immediately i wouldn't be teaching it uh i i don't have a lot of patience.

So i don't waste my time on low percentage techniques um sda just signed up holly is very patient where is it it's in las vegas uh what what's negative or side effects of nlp how can nlp be inclusive in applying techniques to theory to individuals with mental health autism and learning is there other effective techniques that can be used with nlp oh tons tons nlp is not the be-all end-all in fact one of the things that people need to understand about nlp is it's not a science it was never designed to be a science if anything it was designed as a way to in to make inquiries i'm happy to talk about this even though it's not directly related it is related to face reading um. But nlp was designed as a methodology to figure out what works and create a teachable methodology that can be passed from one person to another if you wanted to to drill down and out what nlp actually is in a nutshell it's that and. So because a lot of the people that were modeled uh from for the initial studies of nlp were therapists most of their things were therapeutically applied. But there's lots of things that work very synergistically with nlp or that nlp can enhance uh and again i'm happy to uh this is a great question i i would really like to answer it at length.

So go ahead and repost this uh in the chat section of the live video i'm happy i could even do a whole video a conference on this because it's there's. So much surrounding what nlp is and isn't and it's by people who don't know or can't do it by and large um that's my uh my unbiased opinion. So let's see here do people need to be have to be in their one personal development journey to apply the content of what is shown no. No.

But most of us are whether we're conscious of it or not um people can apply this on a purely pragmatic interpersonal level they can do it on an intrapersonal level by by applying it to their own internal world there are. So many places that this can be used okay. Well the mat oh by the way kim the masks are officially off in vegas uh kevin has a quick question on money magnet masters anything in that course that i would have not have learned from in-laws training yes. Yes.

There actually is there are good questions asked in the mastermind group yes. Definitely can be put to use right. Away uh there is nothing here you can't learn right. Yeah i'm a no.

Holds barred kind of guy all right. Let's get back to training shall we all right. So once again um really quick um we're going to jump out of this. But if you haven't already reserved your package please go ahead and click that link www.nlpower.com forward slash face and get it all for one low install mode of 997 or you can break it up into three easier payments of 397 and that will get you to our vegas event it will get you all of the materials we've discussed and it gets you me it gets you the ability to actually learn these skills on multiple levels in multiple forms simultaneously and um it's going to be it's vegas is going to be a party i'm going to be there for 11 days you get to be there for the.

First four if you're getting the webinar package if you want to be there for the full 11 days see stephanie she'll tell you how to upgrade all right. Let's go back to the face shall we all right. So getting back to can you guys see let me make this a little bit bigger all right. Can you guys see the the emotional map fairly well okay.

So once again the facial map can stand on its own or you can use it in conjunction with the three zones public versus private all right. That's how we would actually this is how to me this is how i would begin to create a profile if i were looking at somebody the. First thing i would do is i would look. At the relative uh the relative sizes of the zones.

So i would know their decision making process using my emotional markings i would go around the face and take an inventory of their public and private emotional health okay. And we can also do this we can also use this to pinpoint traumatic events okay. And there are different kinds of trauma lines that we can talk about we can talk about emotion lines we can talk about trauma lines blockage lines depletion lines uh again lots of things. But again you won't remember half of it.

So um let's just look. At emotions. So we talked about skepticism joy sadness sorrow grief and lost loves these are the big four okay. See it's such a big area of the face now you can also impose just real quick if you impose a body here's a head here the arms believe it or not you can actually deter you diagnose the health of the body the spine is actually up the nose right.

Again what level do you want to work at right. The human being is a holographic information processing system and it's like layers of an onion there's different ways to read it. So. Next line i want to talk about is uh actually i'm going to skip my order a little bit i'm going to do something a little unexpected there's a line a set of lines right.

Here for those of you who are dealing with trauma or doing some form of therapy you'll often see these lines as diagonal lines emanating down from the inner canvas down the side of the nose now my teacher lillian bridges calls these disempowerment lines i personally don't like that name and the reason is is because i don't think it accurately describes what this line means as we come full circle we're going to end with this part of the face and i usually end with this part of the face because they're very similar. But for for those of you want to re these are some things you're going to see a lot when you see lines in this area here what you're seeing i call them appeasement lines and the reason i call them appeasement lines is because when you see lines in there's almost always some degree of ongoing abuse in the person's life now it could be childhood abuse it could be domestic abuse it could be bullying um it could be a bullying a work environment situation. But what this marking indicates is that at some point in this person's life their boundaries were violated and one of the things that that we have to talk about we start talking about trauma when we start talking about trauma all traumas regardless of how they manifest are a violation of a person's physical mental or emotional boundaries anything that consistently violates those boundaries creates some level of trauma within us now in this particular market when you have these markings right. Down the side of the and i've seen markets look.

Like somebody took. A little exacto knife from modeling knife and etched lines in the side of the face what you're seeing is somebody who experienced a boundary violation and what happened is they they tried to stand their ground they tried to hold you know hold their own and say you can't do this i'm not going to let you do this what you're doing is wrong and when they did they were met with such overwhelming force such overwhelming physical or emotional pushback to their trying to hold their ground that they flipped and went into an appeasement mode instead of trying to push back and say no. This is not okay. I'm not gonna let you do this i said okay.

Okay. Whatever you want whatever whatever makes it stop whatever makes it go away whatever you want all right. So for those of you who are as young as me and remember a show uh called all in the family if you guys remember edith bunker right. The character played by gene stapleton that character was very much of an appeaser right.

Now i'm not saying that everybody you meet who has these markings will be at edith bunker. But what it does show is that at some point in their life if not currently they experienced a boundary violation or an ongoing series of boundary violations where they they didn't have the resources to push back to defend themselves to to punish the interloper and. So they flipped the script and started trying to appease putting up with it tolerating it doing anything they can to de-potentiate the situation okay. So for you therapists you coaches psychotherapists whatever when you see these markings especially if they're not making any any facial expressions and they're just there guaranteed dollars to donuts when you start to unpack their stuff you're gonna find a history of appeasement or abuse there okay.

So the reason i brought that up is because it's right. Next to the lost love lines right. So sometimes those go hand in hand if you have a very controlling spouse or parent many times many times what happens is the spouse or the parent sees something that they view that that person loves to do as a threat to them very controlling misogynistic husbands one of the things that sociopaths and narcissists like to do when they get into a relationship with you is they cut you off from your support systems they cut you off from anything that doesn't revolve around them and because you love that person or you've been your sense of self has been eroded to the point where they are your world you give up those things and you mark with lost love lines and you want to make that person happy and. So you get these appeasement lines does that make sense type in the chat if you're with me on that okay.

Has anybody experienced people with these markings and these behavior does the line apply to children and animal i make no. Apologies for bringing us no. Well actually yes. Um one of the things that can happen is that you can there's this thing called generational trauma and generational trauma by the way it's a relatively new thing to modern psychology it's not new to hypnotists and it's definitely not new to chinese medicine chinese medicine says that when you have markings that are generational in origin if you clear it you clear that trauma to seven to 10 12 generations back and seven to twelve generations forward studies in neuroscience have shown us that in fruit flies if you traumatize one generation that genetic damage from the trauma is present seven and nine generations down the line right.

There's a book. Out there called it didn't start with you which is all about generational trauma this is a thing. So when you have children who have these lines at an early age there's a good chance it didn't start with them it came from another from the genetic lineage. But you can still fix it in in that line by unpacking it using the identity by design techniques and the uh the reframing techniques that we teach you okay.

So yeah jay he says. Last night i'm surprised i don't have them. But i've done a lot of work on myself yes. How do you clear them you.

First of all you call attention to them and. Then you talk about them and you help the person reframe them um there's a lot of ways that you can clear them bianna that's why we included the identity by design program and the vibrational healing program in the package that we offered has all the techniques in it there's other techniques that you'll be learning in las vegas that are conversational that you can use to unpack these things one of the things that will happen when you start doing face reading for. Third i call i call face feeding chinese vibrational psychotherapy the reason is is because when you draw attention to a feature and you begin to unpack it from the face reader's perspective there's an emotional alchemical process that you trigger in that person and if you stay with them as they work through it these markings will start to fade all the markings can fade i've seen happen during a webinar during a zoom intervention that just looks like science fiction okay. Uh.

But you don't don't don't take my word for it get the tr get the videos come to the event experience these things firsthand for yourself don't take my word for it okay. Prove it to yourself okay. Um okay. Bianna says i have those yeah we can help you with that we have that um perfect all right.

So i wanted to again because it was it had such proximity to the lost love and because of the way narcissistic and sociopathic uh partners tend to behave you may often see those two marketings together okay. You may also see a very flat affect in the eyes. Uh for people who have been traumatized to the point where they're no. Longer in their bodies you see how it all comes together you with me okay.

Let's move on okay. So let me close this chat window and let's go back to another really cool set of lines that i want to talk about and these are actually one of the good lines there's a set of lines that start from the the corner of the nasal line the alanis eye and they extend down the face like this these are really good lines to have we call these um hold on a. Second we call these purpose lines and chinese say if you don't have purpose lines by the time you hit your late 40s early 50s uh you're doing something wrong. So these are lines that very often um ladies get very self-conscious about they're actually really good lines to have it shows that you're on you're doing your ming you're you're doing the things that you're supposed to do in this life that are part of your golden path now little pop quiz knowing what we know about public and private let's say i look.

At somebody's face and on the right. Side of their face i have these really really well defined uh purpose lines what do we know about this person what do we know about this person oh he's asking us questions rule and negativity and go forward and backward in in generations yes. Absolutely strong public mask okay. If this line is really well developed what did we say about lines that are deep and long exactly this person if this person has a nice deep purpose line here this person is on their path in their public life.

But let's say the line is like really small here what does that tell us perfect beyond it yes. It means that this person's life might be what maybe they're a little bit unbalanced right. Maybe they're probably maybe they're doing the job that they were designed to do maybe their the life they lead out in the open is really in alignment with who they came here to be. But their private life because of the partner they chose or the family life for the culture they're in um it's not as fulfilling for them right.

And. So from a main perspective we need to balance this we need to help this person to clear the things that are keeping them from achieving a you know a much more fleshed out purpose line jd says my left side is slightly deeper than my right. What does that tell you it means the inverse right. It means that you're in your public your private life is actually more on track with you than your public life again we want balance uh and the more the more close we get to symmetrical the better off we are right.

But these are things that we can extrapolate now right. We can start to and that's what this is that's what real real face reading is is taking traits combining them together and asking what would happen in this context how would this person behave or how would this person uh express themselves in a given context or situation right. But you got to get the you got to get the the alphabet down sorry you got to get the alphabet. First before you can start writing the books right.

So another line that i think is really cool that i like is a very positive trait is if you see a line in the center of that lip now i have a whole i i could do a whole book. On just mouths and lips. But this indicates someone with a good sense of humor they like they like jokes they can tell a good joke they appreciate jokes um be very careful this is not on this this is not on the sheet. But i will give you this one for free if you have someone who has a very very short philtrum this is someone who can't take a joke short philtrums equal people who don't take jokes very well if they have a nice long philtrum they have a lot of good things going for them.

But if the philtrum is very short be very careful when you make them the brunt of a joke or a tease they're not going to take it well. But people with a nice a nice deep line right. Here tend to have a really good sense of humor okay. Now the.

Next couple lines i want to share with you i call this the terrible trio right. Um if you look. At these vertical lines on some row these these um these diagonal lines right. Above the lips here these are called over nurturing lines okay.

People with these markings have gone through or are going through a situation where they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're not getting back now many times these people move through the world with a code they grew up with a set of rules that they were taught and they were taught to believe that everybody has the same rules everybody should play by the same rules right. And if you play by the rules you will be rewarded okay. In this situation what generally happens is this person finds themselves in a situation where they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're following the rules and they're doing what they're supposed to do. But the rewards never manifest the people they give to the people they nurture don't give back in the same proportions that they believe the universe should be giving them can you can does that make sense.

So what happens is there's a cascade of subsequent emotions that can manifest. So the. Next three emotions including this one that i'm talking about now tend to be found together okay. Especially if you're dealing with people who are um prime candidates for cancer uh and i'll elaborate on that and this is just my my um my belief my ex my view it is not reflected in any medical study or whatever this is just what i've seen when i unpack these these chronic internal illnesses okay.

So take that for what it's worth okay. Um. So when people ex when people experience the scenario i've just described they'll start to develop these lines here if this goes on for long enough they'll be exposed to an increasing level of resentment of course and that leads to disappointment which manifests as wrinkles that descend from the corner of the mouth now this should not be confused with a downturned mouth this is a wrinkle not the mouth itself okay. So when a wrinkle extends from the corner of the mouth down you're looking at somebody who has experienced a tremendous amount of disappointment in their life okay.

Tremendous amount of disappointment in their life if the person continues to struggle with rules that nobody else is following they're not getting rewarded they're seeing other people getting rewarded for not following the rules they start to become bitter and bitterness manifests as a series of lines just below the lower lip okay. Now these can all be independent of each other. But my experience has been that when these three manifest together you have a recipe for cancer especially terminal cancers cancer is often manifested as the escape clause from an intolerable situation when we manifest in in there was a study back in i believe it was the 70s or the 80s called the ace study which meant adverse childhood experiences study what they discovered was that the vast majority of people with chronic and terminal illness could trace the genesis the origins of that illness that physiological illness that they're going from back to an early less than positive childhood trauma or adverse event when people are stuck in situations or circumstances where they see no. Way out when ever they've tried everything the people and and they they feel helpless the unconscious mind says okay.

There's no. Escape if i die it'll it'll end boom if i manifest to cancer maybe somebody will change right. The con the the the system will manifest based on the level of emotional toxicity that's accumulated in the body it will manifest a physiological mass and that mass could be you know a tumor it could be an abscess it could be the degradation of the myelin sheaths around in the brain. But it will tend to manip there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient and in the vast majority of chronic illnesses that i've unpacked parkinson's ms alzheimer's dementia um i haven't done much alzheimer's and dementia a lot of parkinson's and a lot of ms though and cancer you're gonna find uh i haven't done much with cystic fibrosis jimmy i haven't had that many clients in for that i have had emphysema clients and i've also had um other forms of copd intense allergies and asthmas um what's another one that that was really um trying to remember cancer a lot of cancers lupus had i had people with lupus um not als um uh it's escaping me now uh it'll come back to me in a minute um i we did lupus we did muscular dystrophy that's what it was muscular dystrophy a lot every single one of these responded positively to our interventions right. But when you see these on the face now like here's the thing if you have these markings it doesn't mean you're going to get cancer right. It doesn't mean you're going to get cancer it means you got stuff that needs clearing you need you've got some the accumulation of some toxicity in your system that needs to be unpacked and attacked as i like to call it and the face will tell you what you need to work on okay. And if you're a face reader you have the tools to help people clear it if you're a linguistic programmer you will have tools to help people clear it if you're a certified hypnotist or vibrational healer you'll have the tools to clear it right.

The one thing that does not seem to work is talk therapy right. Mostly because they talk about the wrong things okay. So that's just my opinion if you're a talk therapist i don't mean to offend you. But chances are you'll find that when talk therapists actually create a change they're doing it through hypnosis cbt uh emdr or some other form of vibe or psychoenergetic intervention that involves trans okay.

That's just been my observation okay. Face reading and echo technique absolutely powerful combination in fact it's one of the most therapeutically speaking it's one of the deadliest combinations to any kind of toxicity that you have if you want to unpack and attack any of the markings i'm talking about all you got to do is point to this point to the trait complement it tell them what it means and echo whatever comes out of their mouth and they will ab react in seconds i think the i think my record for an app reaction is like three seconds i literally walked up to a lady in the seminar looked at her ear and said what happened when you were five boom. Next we spent the. Next three hours fixing the the the godzilla that came out right.

Um you'll be able to do that you'll be able to do that okay. These are the things you will have the ability to do as a byproduct of uh the package and coming to the face reading event and therapeutic interventions master class. So let's get back to our chart is this useful by the way just type in the chat is this is this helpful or hold on a. Second there's like 35 comments in the chat i'm not seeing okay.

Cool all right. So excellent all right. So let's go back to our chart hold on a. Second mike i must be getting tired because my uh stroke eraser there we go okay.

So keep in mind if you have these markings you now have the ability to clean them up it does not mean you're going to get cancer. But if it keeps going on you don't do anything to change your life circumstances your autonomic nervous system may manifest a way out right. So i want you guys to live long and prosper okay. So i call these the terrible trio right.

Another one that is a little bit challenging to see on the face is fear fear is manifested in the chin okay. There are two there are three big water areas or water element areas in the body you have the chin you have the ears and you have the forehead okay. And they each manifest they each indicate a different aspect of the water element we talk about fear now if you look. At this diagram it looks like fear manifests as these little wrinkles at the chin my experience has been that that is not what it looks like okay.

When you look. At fear on the chin it looks more like dimples like little little pockets. So here's more what here's more what i see. So when you look.

At somebody who's not making a face and you see these little dimples on the chin you're probably seeing someone who's repressed and locked in a lot of fear okay. First thing i would do when i see this kind of marking on somebody's chin the. First thing i'm probably going to do is look. At their ear okay.

And the reason for that is that the the ear amongst many things shows us how people deal with fear and risks no. It's not like freckles it's more like little dimples or pop marks okay. Freckles are a different a different attribute okay. So if i look.

At someone i see they have really really small ears i can extrapolate that this person does not like to take risks and they've been spending a lot of time in environments and situations where they have to lock down and not show their fear even though they're terrified many times okay. So again this is just this is this is what we call trait stacking most of you aren't ready for that yet if you've been to face reading 1 and face reading 2 you you already know how to how this works um. But this is how you can extrapolate and create more um more in-depth profiles and no. Not like wide pores think more like acne scars right.

Or like little dimples or pop marks okay. I i i if i if i didn't have my goatee i'd i could make it if you take your face and you and and watch my neck when i do this okay. You'll probably be able to see a lot because of my goatee. But when when people are fearful you get this kind of emotion right.

So one of the things that if we were doing an active profiling class and i wanted to sense fear in the moment the. First thing i would look. At is these neck muscles because one of the. First things that happens when people go into fear mode this splits this is called the platysmus this area flexes to protect the sensitive veins and arteries in the neck that that tightening up process causes dimples to form in the skin of the chin okay.

So again this is in the moment this is a consequence of a lifetime of this okay. And it'll manifest in the chin you can't see it because of my my goatee. But that's that's kind of how that looks does that make sense okay. Perfect okay.

So again when you're if you're working with a client for example right. And. Then they maybe they come in they have no. Fear at all there's nothing showing here and all of a sudden you ask them to go back to a scene situation or event that is related to why they're there and also you see this i don't know if i can do that that momentary flexing you've tapped into it you've tapped into fear okay.

So you have active and passive aspects to this right. Now okay. Yeah perfect all right. You guys are doing great.

So let's look. At what we've got. So far we've got skepticism we've got joy sadness sorrow grief lost loves disempowerment uh purpose humor bitterness over nurturing disappointment fear right. One of the one of the more interesting ones and i and i say it's more interesting because i happen to have it is this thing called auditory intuition auditory intuition almost always manifests as little wrinkles right.

In front of the ear let me show you this on a different. So if i were looking at the ear right. And a person's face you know this is their nose and right. Have a really big ear the wrinkles we're looking at manifest as little lines right.

In front of the ear this way now i mentioned these because when you see a marking like this believe it or not this is always the result of trauma. But it's it's it's this is really interesting to me uh a because i have it in b because of it's a perfect example of something that starts out as a way to survive becoming something that becomes a very powerful tool. Later on when you see these auditory intuition lines what you're seeing is somebody who grew up in a very threatening or verbally challenging environment in other words this person was in an environment where they constantly had to be listening to what's behind the words the tonality the tempo the the word choice things of that nature because they were always in danger there was always the possibility that if they said the wrong thing at the wrong time they could get punished for it right. Uh my teacher lillian used to talk about how one of them one of her husband was coming she could tell just by the way they she they slammed the door of the car what kind of mood he was in right.

So what happens with these people is they they have these natural detectors right. They can read when people are deceiving them they can read when people are not being genuine they can read when people are angry even though they the words coming out of their mouth say they're happy and they're feeling fine they can hear below the surface. So we call that auditory intuition. But it starts as a form of auditory hyper-vigilance and.

So people with this particular marking are always a little bit more hyper-vigilant about their environment and they part they parlay this. Later on into careers oftentimes where they have to use it counselors teachers therapists lawyers mediators negotiators litigators politicians judges right. This tends to serve them very very well. But it doesn't start off as you know this this blessing it starts off as a survival mechanism now what's interesting is because of where this particular area manifests it manifests on an energy pathway in the body we call the triple warmer meridian now the triple warmer meridian is steve albright.

Says i have those probably from the cia dad yes. Lillian's dad was also a cia spy um. So and i'll be working with a uh black ops specialist. Next uh september in uh for those of you coming to the the the four day tradecraft event i'm co-teaching with chase hughes we're gonna go deep dive into all this behavioral espionage stuff if you're interested in that there's an early bird special going on right.

Now um that you can use well we can't use your vip ticket for. But there is a half price special going on right. Now if you want to get in uh reach out to stephanie she'll give you all the information and the url i did a little video that explains it i don't i won't pick up your time over here. But if you're into all that spy stuff and you want to see me teaching this stuff how do you spell the meridian line um there's three ways you can do it if you're doing the chinese it's called sanjal.

But you can just call it the triple warmer meridian i'll put it in the chat uh hold on a. Second you don't really need to know this um it's just like little fun factoids fan zhao or triple warmer and the reason is called the triple warmers because it's the only energy meridian that goes to the head the chest and the internal organs of the of the lower lower center the chinese develop divided the body into three areas. But the triple warmer meridian is close to connected to two things stress level in your body fight or flight as well as water metabolism. So what happens many many times is as a byproduct of this marking these people tend to be hypervigilant.

But they also tend to be uh have water metabolism issues they tend towards dehydration much more easily than other people and what happens jimmy says every time david types something it doesn't show hmm okay. I'm sorry about that um that's weird i bet i bet somebody was trying to private message me and that's where it went no. Went to all panelists okay. Triple warmer um okay.

I don't wanna okay. So not only do these people tend to drink they tend to have a tendency towards um dehydration. So they drink a lot. But what happens again see if this resonates with you if it doesn't great um hold on a.

Second let me people are asking for um all panelists and attendees there we go there we go. So sanjiao sorry j-i-o and triple warmer okay. Let me put it in the zoo and in our youtubers as well triple warmer. So what happens getting back to this do these people tend towards dehydration.

So they tend to drink a lot the problem with that is is that many times they drink and they drink and they drink and they flush all the electrolytes out of their body. So many times these people when you have when you have low electrolytes these people will experience tachycardia irregular heartbeats they think that they think they're panic attacks when in actuality it's it's um electrolyte deficiency. So if you if you tend to have these markings you tend to be prone to sudden irregular heartbeats tachycardia things of that nature one of the things you might want to try is supplementing with electrolyte tablets and seeing how rapidly those those symptoms tend to um go away i know that i had these for years and uh it was just by a fluke that i um i took. Uh i started taking electrics all of a sudden my anxiety attacks went away right.

Ronaldo's asking kyusho knockouts can help reboot some stucky emotions in the organs the the knockouts renato won't necessarily reboot them they can make the organ more vulnerable which is a problem the q show uh resuscitation techniques. However could help rebalance the organ right. One of the things that happened and renato is asking about a martial arts application which is uh which involves attacking acupuncture points related to the energy meridians that we're talking about and depending on the health of the organ that organ and that meridian system can be more sensitive or less sensitive generally speaking if you have an energetic imbalance with the organ the organ will either be non-responsive to an attack or it'll be hyper responsive to an attack. So it'll exacerbate the problem.

But if you go and you reboot the system using the key show revival techniques that can actually help to rebalance the organ at least in the short term. So hold on a. Second we had some interesting comments in our youtube okay. That was a good comment.

So we'll let her show it. So uh library stowaway says this is helping me understand my deeper psyche and i love it well good i'm glad you're getting some value out of this for those of you who are joining us late we do have an opportunity for you to take your training to the. Next level uh and the way we're doing that is we're having we have a special program it's called the secrets of face treating and personality transformation home study program it includes our face feeding for fun and profit home study course it's a 1497 value it comes with some amazing free bonuses uh the identity by design uh hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 value we're going to give that away to you free you're going to get the vibrational influence our vibrational healing road influence and energy healing made easy home study course valued at 1497 value by the way uh for those who had killer influence or cpi you qualify for the live event we're doing that in the beginning of july. So if you're interested in coming out to the live vibrational healing go ahead and reach out to stephanie about that we're also going to include the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course fight at 997 and the bonus lie to me if you dare how to catch a liar crash course right.

At ninety seven dollars uh you're also getting if you read if you want the. Next 25 people to register before i log off the webinar you're also going to get these bonuses it's the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial it's a three-month membership along with access to the 10-year archive you're going to get the face reading level 2 pre-release home study course version valued at 1497 you can't get it on the website you can only get it on this webinar and we're going to give you that free vip that free vip ticket to our four-day face reading master class and therapeutic interventions live in las vegas or you get your choice of any single live event in our 2021-2022 calendar plus a video copy of that training to keep for yourself total combined value for that is 3447. we're going to give that to you free if you were to add all the value up of what you're getting you'd have to pay 11 123 to get everything in this package. But for today only if you sign up before the end of the webinar you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little extra help we can break that up for you into three installments of just 397. all you need to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face that's www.nlpower.com forward slash face i highly highly recommend you grab one of those few remaining slots we have some very exciting new developments coming up in the. Next few weeks prices are going to go up um accessibility to these programs is going to drop significantly uh because we're changing some things.

So when would now be a good time to click that link and reserve your spot and get the training that you need and remember there's a 90-day unconditional money-back guarantee if these courses don't deliver the value that we say after you apply them in the field let us know we'll give you all your money back you can keep the courses as our way of saying thank you for putting your faith in us okay. Just click that link go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face that's forward www.nlpower.com face and we're going to go ahead and jump back to our face our emotional map really quickly and continue alright. So blood pressure regularities that's the. Next one that's another one that's hard to see.

So i'm going to go to the the ear map once again just to show you this. So when we look. At the ear now. So the.

First the. First trait that we looked at was auditory hypervigilance and that's wrinkles before the ear. But if you look. At the earlobe and you see little wrinkles here okay.

Sometimes it's one sometimes it's two sometimes it's three when you see markings like this what you're looking at is uh blood pressure irregularities. So that's now this doesn't mean they have high blood pressure it means they have erratic blood pressure psychologically these people have a tendency to overreact to shock or accept or surprises now what i mean by this is that if someone and i have them by the way. So when you wonder why in my classes i spend. So much time on state control it's because i have these in abundance and.

So anytime uh i i receive an emotional surprise what would normally be a five six or seven for most people becomes like an eight or nine for me okay. So what happens a lot of times when you see these these these markings it doesn't necessarily mean that you're gonna die it means that sometimes your blood pressure spikes sometimes it drops it's erratic if you're walking down the hall and someone jumps out at you and the average normal acceptable level of surprise or shock you experience would be a five or six you might spike up to a seven or eight right. So people with this marking tend to overreact to things if you see this marking and a very fleshy upper lip be careful um these people will not only have a high shock response they will be drama queens and kings out the wazoo um we'll cover that more in face reading too we cover the mouth and the lips. But if you see an extra fleshy piece here on the lip um this is someone who's going to blow things way out of proportion not only will they look.

Well they have a shock to their system they'll express it and and just go off on you and i've seen it and they'll be in denial by the way people with this fleshy face on their lip are almost always in denial of their histrionic nature. So be very aware of that okay. Is this useful are you guys having fun with this yes. Or yes.

Cool all right. Um. So let's look. At the.

Next thing i want to talk about which is when you see diagonal lines extending from the outer canthus. But moving towards the center line of the body in other words if you look. At the outer canthus especially on joy and sadness right. Especially in joy or sadness you notice how everything is moving from the outer campus towards the lateral lines of the body even here um you have these the tendency is for them to emerge from the center line outward these are one of the this this and these are the only lines that tend to flow towards the center line okay.

And that's that's actually significant we'll talk about that in vegas. So when you see these lines emanating diagonal. But parallel to the uh to the eye you're seeing someone who's in some kind of physical or emotional pain physical or emotional pain it's very easy to see when they're actually in pain you'll see these lines manifest really really quickly. But if you see them and they're not in any obvious physical or emotional distress what you're seeing is repressed pain they've experienced significant amounts of pain.

But they've locked it down they've dissociated from it they've disidentified from it. But the trauma and the toxicity is still locked in the system and. So this can be a very very um important reservoir of information as a therapist that we want to attack now remember as a therapist or a coach you don't look. Again unless you're doing face reading as a therapeutic intervention you don't look.

At someone's face and say oh i'm going to work on that today that's not how it works um there's two ways that you can read faces you can do the systematic approach you can do the intuitive approach or you can do this there's three the supplemental approach most of us who are doing are going to use face reading are going to use it as a supplemental approach and what i mean by that is someone's going to come to us with a problem and they're going to tell us about their problem and they're going to flesh out their problem we're going to do our intake just like we normally would and. Then we're going to watch their face as they're talking about that problem and notice what changes right. Notice what becomes more prominent what doesn't compare that with the face they had when they came in right. And.

Then don't be surprised if it's as you unpack the the presenting problem the thing they said they came to you for if those other markings don't start to make themselves known right. That's the most common way you're going to use this now the face readers i know making a living charged anywhere between 500 and 700 dollars for a reading okay. So you can make a really really good side living or in revenue stream by doing pure face reading if you're doing face reading as an intervention. Then what's going to have you have two different ways that you can approach this and they kind of intersect the.

First is what i call the systematic approach. So we start at hairline we wear to jawline or chin line we start with a profile of the face we look. At the ear we look. At the trauma history and we pay attention and we just um we just systematically read the face and pay attention to what they respond to most strongly that's the systematic approach.

Then there's the intuitive approach which is the original way i was taught when you look. At someone's face you get rapport with them you connect with them vibrationally and. Then you pay attention to what feature of their face draws your attention. First and.

Then you unpack that feature and follow that bunny trail wherever it leads you right. So that's two ways that you can do this therapeutically outside of using it as a supplement to your therapeutic skills okay. Again i know there's a lot of people do coaching on here. So i thought i'd throw that out there okay.

Um back to emotions okay. So when you see that you've got some kind of physical or emotional pain you want to resolve that when you see lines that start at the outer canvas and begin to travel up we had a president recently in office who had these markings you're looking at somebody who's going through some form of accelerated pathological joy in other words mania uh these people will be up at three o'clock in the morning tweeting they'll be um histrionic by definition they're always looking for attention they can be hypersexual um. So when you see these when you see these markings even if they're calm and cool in the moment at some point their switch is going to flip and they're going to go manic on you okay. They're going to go manic on you.

So be very very careful if you're cultivating a relationship with somebody with these lines these people can be extraordinarily powerful people they can be very very creative they have a tendency towards megalomania and narcissism um and they also tend to have very strong lows when when they're when they're hyper they're the life of the party when that switch flips and they become depressive um it can be a real bad scene for anybody around them okay. So again you have the positive expression and the not. So positive expression now this can just as easily manifest over here as this can manifest over here these are bilateral traits bilateral symptoms okay. Uh somebody in the flowing brook.

Is asking what about creating age lines one of the things we've discovered is that the vast majority of age lines are actually emotional toxicity lines one of the things that happens is if you start engaging in this face reading process and you start unpacking the wrinkles and features of the face these wrinkles will start to go away we have pictures of people who've been with training with lillian for 20 years and if it and at the beginning of their time with lillian there's these markings and wrinkles everywhere 20 years. Later she looks like she's 20 years younger okay. So one of the things that my wife and i. First started to theorize many many years ago that was verified through the face reading is we started to come to the conclusion that a lot of aging was actually the result of toxifying emotions building up in the body over time and.

So we believe we started to develop this idea that if we could clear those emotions and things of that nature that the body would actually stay younger and healthier turns out uh the face reading corroborated this theory that we had that when you started to unpack the markings of the face and remove that emotional toxicity the face gets younger the body gets younger everything gets better being serious is this why asian women look. So young it's part of it not all of it by any stretch of the imagination. But it can be a part of it for sure right. So when you worry about age if you're clearing your the face gets younger you know i was watching the television show just the other day this morning in fact and the people in the show were like four years younger than me and they looked 10 years old 20 years older or 30 years older and i think a lot of it is because of the work the kind of alchemical work i think i have good genes i think that's part of it.

But i just hit level 55 56 uh in april i don't look. That for mo from i don't look. My age as far as most people are concerned the only reason people even think i'm i i'm even beyond like my late 30s early 40s is because all the gray in my beard which is something my wife wanted and people seem to like it. So i kept it my point though is if you do this you will get younger if you engage in the alchemical side of this you will start to dissolve and and de-potentiate the emotional toxicity in your body and your face will get younger.

But don't believe me how many people here um in the chats on youtube and and uh on zoom are face readers how many have seen faces change right. In front of them from one moment to the. Next using face reading type it in the chat right. Don't believe me this is weird guys.

But it works it's crazy right. So when i talk about holographic memory theory this theory is being corroborated from a lot of different areas and we put it we bring it all together at planet david and show you how to make it work in a consistent powerful re reproducible format right. Right. So um if you're interested in that click the links for the class for the program and let's get you started all right.

Um back to our facial map one of the other ones the other lines i want to share with you there's only like three or four and. Then we'll start taking other questions this is another area that you really want to pay attention to when you look. At somebody's face now when people read faces they do one of three things they either focus exclusively on the eyes. And the eye on the eye area some people focus exclusively on the mouth other people vacillate between the mouth and the eyes.

So they're bouncing back and forth okay. And our face reading system is designed based around eye tracking patterns rather than chinese medicine. So it's easier to learn one of the areas that you want to look. At especially if you're trying to figure out if this is somebody who you want to work in your organization is this area right.

Here this area is called in chinese medicine or chinese face reading father's blessing other also known as the seat of the stamp okay. Now we won't go into you know if you anybody when you come to face we will explain why that's called that. But behaviorally what we want to understand is that when you look. At this area one of the.

First things that it's going to tell you is how people deal with authority okay. This area is all about getting your way in life working with other people and how you handle the chain of command. So when you see a line like this that has two side-by-side wrinkles we see this a lot this is somebody who tends to exhibit or experience a lot of irritation annoyance or impatience i also see this in people who are intensely concentrating on something usually because they're feeling a time crunch. So if you've ever seen people looking at something they're like this that's where that marking comes from okay.

So when you see those those double lines you're looking at somebody who's prone to irritation annoyance or impatience if you see three lines if you see three lines. So you see something that looks a little bit like this right. Oops i mean let me make that cleaner i'm such a symmetry bug i can't stand when the lines don't line up when you see three lines like this what you're seeing is somebody who's learned how to control or manage their impatience or temper. So if you've got someone who's got a very prominent eyebrow ridge or eyebrow these are people who tend to have who do tend to do anger and uh aggression really well if you see that extra line what it means is they know how to handle it they can they can channel that energy in a positive way without it taking over okay.

Another thing that you're going to see is what we call is a single line right. Down the center now this line can be very small or it can be very big this this particular marking is known as a suspended needle or suspended sword what this indicates is repressed anger and energy. So in some ways it's very very similar to the uh the disempowerment markings down here now you remember when we talked about disempowerment we said that at some point in this person's life someone violated this person's boundaries they tried to stand up for themselves and were beaten down right. They tried to push back they tried to stand their boundaries he said no.

No. No. I'm not going to let you do this you can't do this to me this is not okay. The person reared up the the person the violator reared up and beat them down to the point where in order to save themselves they had to placate that person okay.

They became an appeaser when you see this single line the energy is almost always directed at the dominant masculine figure in the family in traditional chinese households that would have been the father it could have been the grandfather it can go either way it can be directed at a father towards the son a son towards the father. But what it indicates is at some point a person got angry for whatever reason justified or not they got angry and they pushed back they they fought back with everything they had and when they did they caused. So much damage or the the ramifications of that pushback that fight that release of energy caused them to be punished or penalized in some way that was. So traumatic for them that they made a decision a subconscious decision that they were never going to express that level of energy or power ever again they were never going to allow themselves to get that angry now on the surface that sounds like a good thing.

But it's not and here's why this area the whole cap this area of the body is related to the wood element the wood energy the wood energy of your body is connected to your liver and your gallbladder okay. The emotions connected to the liver and the gallbladder are compassion kindness uh um boldness timidity resentment okay. These are all associated with the wood element of the body the wood element of the body is also the energy of achievement in other words when we go to make our way in the world we go to start that business or climb the corporate ladder or achieve some kind of fame or notoriety or renown it's because we're expressing the wood power the wood energy of our body the energy that fuels the anger and the energy that fuels achievement come from the same place and. So when you see a marking like this this person has literally taken the vast reservoir of their energy their ability to achieve in life and gone no.

More this is as far as you go you don't get any more and. So what will happen what will happen is that these people will be very they'll be achievement oriented they'll reach a certain level of achievement in life in relationships and they'll just stop they won't ever go beyond that ceiling i have one very close friend who has a massive marking here he's had 21 26 somewhere between 21 and 26 separate careers he's been amazingly successful in every single one of them he's still broke why because he gets to a certain point that block kicks in and he doesn't deal with it he doesn't fix it and he find the universe finds a way to exit him from that opportunity right. I see this over and over and over again. So whether this is big or whether it's small this is a person who has taken their energy and put an arbitrary block to success in themselves.

So when you see this you got to find a way to steer them to wanting to unpack it. So you can attack it if you want them to move forward because at some point in their future that line will manifest as an inability to achieve okay. So it's usually anger directed at the father figure or the dominant masculine or male aspect of the family we have a lot of non-traditional families nowadays. So it could be a very strong mother right.

But traditionally that's masculine a sin says why are you talking about me get out of my head uh tony says how do you break the cycle. First of all realize there's a cycle to break. Second of all realize you probably need help to break that cycle and. Then find somebody trained to help you do that now the the package in the package that we're offering you on this particular webinar will help you do it on your own it's probably better for you to reach out to one of us who are trained and guide you through that process okay.

Pay no. Attention to the face behind my back what do you advise on using for advertising um that's a really good question i think i don't know that face reading would be useful directly in advertising i think it would be far more useful pardon me for just a. Second would you please go out like. So i can teach thank you sorry about that folks they they get they get lonely for daddy um i think the best places to use those are in uh one-on-one consultations i think one of the things you can do is if you understand what facial characteristics people find more trust facilitating you can hire models and and create creatives that have those attributes you know they've taken they've taken pictures photoshopped the pupils and made them larger and increased conversions in sales by orders of magnitude.

So there are a lot of facial characteristics that can be adapted for advertising and marketing and again i'm not going to pass judgment on those tactics one way or the other you need to understand what your face is conveying and how you can modify your appearance to maximize your impact now that may be getting plastic surgery which i do not recommend most of the time it may be how you change your hair color i do for again when i'm on zoom i darken my eyebrows i have very fair eyebrows. But your eyebrows are one of the most powerful communication tools that exist and. So i want you to be able to see them and. So i darken them right.

Um simple things there's a reason actors wear makeup right. So again you have to figure out what traits need modification and how far you're willing to go and what ramifications you're willing to live with to use them right. You may discover though after presenting to a lot of people that the vast majority of your best customers and clients have certain facial characteristics in common and don't be surprised very often if some of those characteristics are the same ones you have okay. That's one of the ways you you gauge compatibility in chinese medicine is by how many facial features are similar generally speaking the more similarity you have in facial features the more compatible you'll tend to be long term okay.

Um. So hopefully that helps let me go back to this questions about anything that we've covered. So far go ahead and type your questions it's q a time martha says do you astral project no. I don't astral project i i know how to stop let me let me clarify that i know how it's done i know how it's supposed to be done i have protocols for doing astral projection it is not part of my current skill set.

So i don't teach it i don't teach anything that i don't have a very very solid consistent grasp on uh the question is what about wrinkles of the forehead wrinkles in the forehead tend to indicate life lessons that have been learned uh or that are in process. So if i have a line that goes all the way across it tends to indicate a life lesson that i've finished if i have a line that only goes part way across i'm still working on it marine gua says an upside down smile you mean downturn lips is that what you're asking please elaborate if you know youtubers i'm listening to you too. So by all means ask your questions okay. So when somebody has a downturned lip let me uh let me read it to you really quick uh it's actually in my notes i could just add a little bit.

But i want to be more i want to be more precise uh maybe not maybe i will have to add a little bit all right. Um people with a downturn mouth tend to be a little bit more on the pessimistic side uh they tend to it doesn't mean they're it doesn't mean they're sad sex i i should i should really kind of elaborate on that when you have a downturn mouth you tend to see the sad side of life you tend to have a little bit more of a good samaritan energy to you what that means is you know bad happens in life all right. And your very very sensitive to people's stories like when somebody comes to you with a sob story about how life was unfair to them how they lost their job how they homeless you're gonna be the kind of if you have these this downturn mouth you're gonna kind of be the one that reaches into their pocket and hands them 50 or gives them a place to stay or gives them a ride somewhere you tend to be much more sensitive to hard luck stories okay. So there's a tendency to be a little bit more on the the pessimistic side.

But not necessarily that you're negative person you're just very very aware of the hardships that people go through dark eye circles dark eye circles the area under the eye is related to the kidney area and. So if the area is very puffy you generally have water metabolism issues or unshed tears as we like to call it if the area is very dark you'll tend to have adrenal fatigue. So you can have water metabolism if it's dark it's either some kind of stagnation or adrenal fatigue if it's puffy there's usually water metabolism issues or unshed tears um if if you have if you press on your nose really quickly here you may feel a little indentation this little indentation is what we call a human angel marking people with this marking tend to be very compassionate very spiritual people they tend to have a sincere desire to help other be other human beings. So if you press here and you feel a little groove chances are um you're a human angel and that means you tend to you tend to give your energy the energy contained in your blood actually to help other people.

So these people with this little groove in addition to being very very spiritual people people who are aware that this is not all of them they come from somewhere else and this place ain't it and they want to go back. So they're always a little on the sad side these people also have a tendency to be spiritual warriors they also have a tendency to be a little bit on the anemic side because the vitality that they give is is stored in their blood and when they give they tend to drain themselves a little bit. So these people have to spend a little bit more time taking care of number one which is very hard for them okay. Steve albright.

Says this is very powerful six seven years ago you read someone in the class and were correct as to the potential medical issues yeah it's happened to me on several occasions people with down syndrome tend to have similar facial lines is there any common or applications on facial lines that lines are born with rather than developing yes. Uh i could i could talk about down syndrome faces for a little while. But i won't um. But things you're born with tend to be what we call jing attributes in other words your things you inherited from your bloodline they're usually traits qualities and attributes that have been passed down through the lineal tree and they could be good things or bad things jimmy j says i don't want to be an angel anymore you just need more red meat and iron in your blood okay.

Let's go to some of our youtubers and see what's what's over here um. So g the g don't q oh i can't even pronounce that all these markings are to be observed when the face is at rest correct most often yes. Every now and. Then when someone goes into a certain emotion you may see markings emerge in other areas that aren't normally present obviously that usually means they're repressed or very context specific if you look.

Into someone's eyes. Long enough can you read each other's minds yes. And no. Depends on how you're doing it um christine two lines that don't meet in the middle of the forehead it's usually a lesson in process rj gratitude says can detoxification of the body like fasting affect facial lines i would say indirectly yes.

Um directly no. I would say i would i would go out on them and say fasting has to be combined with other forms of emotional detox for that to work what do necklines mean necklines usually indicate a previous family member in your lineage or a past life where you were either hung or beheaded reggie goodwin asks what about lines right. Above your eyebrows i'd have to see the lines uh what do five vertical lines between the eyes. Mean i'd have to see it david um bernardini says anxiety is killing me how do i reframe it or how would you go about it oh i i would start with the transformational trio and.

Then unpack it jonathan says i have that nose groovy thing yes. You do lottie says i'm loving listening sleepy at 3am thanks david always happy ideas and happy i hope you're not i hope you don't mean wow i have many feared dimples on my chin okay. What if there are no. Forehead lines by age 60 are they not learning um no.

In fact it actually might mean you've actually cleared them not only did you learn the lesson. But you cleared any residual traumas connected to it it's usually indicative of somebody who's done a lot of self work um or they just have it marked in those areas um lena says any significance to one eyebrow more arched and higher than the other left or right. Um yes. But i would i would definitely start by noticing public versus private um the higher the eyebrow from the eye itself um actually has several meanings to it i'm not going to unpack all of them here.

But one of the things that can happen we call a coach's eyebrow. So the closer the eyebrow is to the eye itself the more control a person tends to want to take over another individual this usually you usually see this in coaches mentors people who have a very very flimsy boundaries with their proteges there's other things that go with it. But that's probably the one that pops to mind most readily what about low versus high ears low ears tend to tend to signify people who become prominent or or become famous in their fields. Later in life people with higher ears tend to be people who become more prominent in their fields earlier in life what about a droopy eyelid it depends on how the eyelid is drooping it depends on how the eyelid is drooping droopy eyelids are usually indicative of some kind of criticism either from a parent a male or again depending on what side is drooping on depending how the eyelid is drooping can determine whether it's self-criticism or external criticism i had the marks on my forehead.

But they are going away does that mean something yes. It means you have you are resolving and just extracting the lessons from those life experiences and as the emotions connected to those experiences are processed the markings are going away for you okay. So once again it's getting close to that time of day. So real quick just to review um once again for those of you who want to come out and learn this stuff in person with me we've got the secrets of face reading oops i'm sorry my bad secrets of face reading home study course sorry i managed to uh there we go.

So the face reading for fun and profit home study course is a 1497 value you're gonna also get for free the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value it will teach you once you unpack the face what you can do to fix it vibrational influence takes your training even farther teaching you all the aspects of hermetics distance and remote viewing reiki chronic healing bankston um qigong hermetic healing as well 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're also going to get the people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course valued at uh 997 dollars you're gonna get to lie to me if you dare how to catch the liar instant crash course about 97 and for those of you who are among the. First 25 to sign up before i log off the webinar which i will be doing in just a few moments you'll also get the following bonuses you'll get a three month trial membership to our nlp power mastermind mentoring uh program that meets on the. Third saturday of every month with 24 hour a day unlimited access for those full three months to our 10 years of video archive trainings. So you can binge watch that stuff to your heart's content it's a 594 value.

But it's really priceless because you get to actually roll up your sleeves do the drills and get the skills you're also going to get a free early release of our face reading and for fun and profit level 2 course which builds on the the speed profiling system you learn in face feeding level 1 fleshes it out takes it even deeper for you. So you can actually get a really really powerful holistic reading of a person within as little as 90 seconds or take it as deep as you want and resolve their stuff in the shortest amount of time possible it's a 1497 value we're going to include it absolutely free if you want the. Next 25 people to register for the secrets of human influence face reading for fun and profit home study course and of course for those of you who are absolutely serious who want the biggest bang for your buck for having the ability to see all of those video courses that i've just mentioned through a completely new set of eyes. To own a skill set that will serve you anytime anywhere no.

Matter where you go and get all the hands-on training and meet amazingly cool people we're going to include a free vip super ticket to our four-day face reading for fun and profit master class and therapeutic interventions four day intensive live in las vegas nevada september 26th through the 29th at the orleans hotel and casino. And we're also going to include as a bonus a video copy of that entire four day training for your records total value for that is three thousand four hundred and forty seven dollars if for some reason you can't be there in person you can attend it virtually if you can't attend that if you can if you can attend a live training. But don't want to come to the face reading you can trade that in for a super ticket to any other single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar all you got to do is let stephanie know and she'll register you for that class asap you have that ticket until you use it um price points don't matter prerequisites do and you can even gift it to somebody if you want to total value combined value for this package is 11 123 if you tried to buy it on the website which you can't because some of these things are simply not available for purchase on our website they're only available through this webinar special offer you can get all of it for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra help you can break it up into three easy payments of just three ninety seven all you gotta do to claim yours right. Now is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash face that's www.nlpower.com forward slash face limit two per customer because we have had people try to hack our system right.

If for some reason you already own some of the courses listed in this bonus package and you want to substitute it as long as the price points match all you got to do is let stephanie know and we will customize your package for you we will substitute any of these programs with something of equal or lesser value. So you get a package that has all new material just for you all you got to do right. Now is go to www.nlpower.com click the link click the link click the link right. Now to get yours before it goes away because when i log off the webinar these fast action bonuses and that amazing super ticket goes away the rest of these bonuses are available until 11 59 p.m tonight.

So if you're watching this in australia and you're a day ahead it's 11 59 p.m tonight okay. If you have any questions give stephanie a call at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 or click the link click the link click the link and get your package now okay. All right. So let me go ahead and look.

At any other questions sd says i've studied some of steve jones nlp what's your thoughts on that i'll be honest st i have never studied any of steve jones's work i've met him a few times we've talked we've hung out we've had beers. But i've never actually studied um any of this stuff. So i don't have a comment one way i like steve as a person i don't really know much about his products he's in vegas yeah i know i've we've met a couple of times at hypnothoughts we know a lot of the same people john says thanks david this was a face reading class all by itself do i have a book. Out uh i have manuals out that go with my courses i don't have a an actual physical book.

Yet. But uh people been after me and i do have plans to write several. So the short answer is yes. Okay.

Well again here's what i've learned when it comes to um people's training in nlp and hypnosis now i'll i'll be frank with you um hold on a. Second there's some questions in the in the in the youtube chat that i think i need to answer um what if you had the tendencies or the traumatic experience. But not the markings chances are it it it was a one-off in other words you had an event. But you didn't have a series of events that were strong enough to mark you doesn't mean you don't have traumas it means that you're not marking it you're not showing it ashwin is asking what my thoughts on palm reading i don't have any right.

Now uh i haven't studied palm reading um. So going back to um people was asking about getting what you want from traders let me tell you i spent a lot of time and a lot of years shoveling and what i mean by that is you know you read something on the internet or in a magazine and and people promise you the world they really do and you have high hopes going in one of my biggest disillusionments with the self-help community was that they sold the sizzle not the steak right. Or the promises they made the the material that they said would give that to you wasn't user friendly enough. So i spent a lot of time collecting what i like to call my radioactive lego collection you know every a lot of people make courses and they have like one or two like really solid gold pieces of information they build an entire course around it because they don't think those one or two pieces is enough and.

So when you get that course you find those one or two pieces and you can't use anything else you get kind of disillusioned well i discovered that if i just went around and collected enough radioactive nuggets eventually i could put them together in any order or sequence um that i needed that was my personal journey. But the other thing i discovered was everybody has something to teach you positively or negatively right. A lot of people believe or not do not resonate with my teaching style they don't resonate with my approach to things or you know my less than perfect uh typing or grammar or whatever um. But most of the people in our world are are hungry for results right.

They're they're they're avid people who are results oriented they want to be the best version of themselves they can be. So whether you and. So and i think nlp has the potential to change lives it really does it's changed my life unfortunately the way a lot of it is taught the way people have commoditized it has made it less than useful for the vast majority of people and. So i learned a long time ago especially because i have a strong direct marketing and internet marketing background i decided that was one of the areas that i wanted to know about i needed to know about you don't own a customer on the internet right.

You're going to study my stuff you're going to study steve steve jones stuff you're going to study some of the more infamous people out there in the field you're going to study chase's stuff you're going to study uh bamlooner stuff every one of them has something to teach you they'll have there'll be things that you resonate with there'll be things you won't. So i'm gonna circle back to something that i tell all my students regardless of when you find us when you know when you come if you come to planet david at the age of 50 or 55 or you're a 22 year old this was when you were meant to be here no. Experience that you've had no. Training course you've ever done is wasted you may not realize how it's going to help you yet.

But it will that's something one of the things people love about our training is that when they come in all these other trainings that they've had all of a sudden they make sense they fit and it's because of our approach i don't waste time on low percentage technique i only teach you the stuff you need to know. So you can create a result and you can always tell who's done the work by the kinds of questions that they ask and when they show up. So again i don't know st i know steve personally i have never studied any of his products. So take the value that you can understand that the value you get from that course now after going through our programs and having a different set of eyes.

May be completely different because you're a different person now right. So absorb what is useful discard that which is not add what's uniquely your own i don't want you to be a carbon copy of me i want you to be the best version of yourself using the technologies that we teach you i can only do that if you spend time with me and you use the things that we share. So if you want to take your life to the. Next level if you think that there's value in what we're offering and what we're sharing with you please click that link before i log off.

So i know that you're getting the help that you need in the way that you need it because that's my job and at the end of the day i do well by doing good and that good is making sure you come away with the things you can actually use okay. So lots of questions go ahead and click that link once again for those of you in the chat the um oh okay. Though it's www.nlpower.com forward slash face www.nlpower.com forward slash face to quote one of my mentors the more controversial dr david singer click the link click the link click the link and in the words of the immortal carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night everybody we'll see you in las vegas click that link and i will see you on the other side for some of the most fascinating things about taking your life to the. Next level that you can possibly imagine i love you all.
