Title: CV6KiiysNBo.txt
Video Id: CV6KiiysNBo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CV6KiiysNBo

Yes. I noticed that if you look. At. Trump's ik bottom here a little bit seems to be attached right.

To us. So he has no. Bottom earlobe is that it ana.k dream. Li connection extreme connection to family yeah.

So he's inbred not necessarily. I wouldn't put it past them. But hey some people's family trees do not forc well the rest of us are still swinging in ours all right. But know that connected your lobe is not a sign of inbreeding it is a sign of a very strong familial connection though and that connection can be positive or negative you know we have people in our family that we just can't seem to remove from them that just make us [ __ ] berserk and you've got people like me who have to attach to your lobes who.

I like my family as long as they're on the other coast right. I'm not as mean. I'm not as dependent on my family the support or the connection to my family to function there are some people that and that's usually seen in the ear lobes well you see that largely from birth. But uh.

I don't know what would have to happen for you to become. So estranged from your family that you're here lobes detach. But if you see what what people are doing now with their peers it's terrifying oh my gosh did you see the picture where the person removed the entire interior ear. I had.

I hope they're young and strong because when they hit about 30 or 40 that's going to [ __ ] because they just removed all the. Jing that supports their internal organs huh. I can promise you their latest ready [ __ ] to have done that again yeah. So be very careful about removing stuff moving your the substance of your body is going to affect you it's not just cause know about the big holes well that's not quite as bad it's not great some kind of yeah well usually when you're poking the hole they're not removing tissue they're just they're just penetrating it.

So the tissue loss is minimal. So when you go in and you cut out the entire inside of an ear and. Then stitch it all of your organs are right. In here.

I can affect every single organ you have and in addition with the body modification what what's the average reality for tattoos and body piercings body body piercings it can actually have a very beneficial effect depending on where your piercing tattoos don't seem to have any effect that. I know of. But we do have people who put a post through their tongue and their bipolar goes away you know we've got people who put a stud through there in their eyebrow and they stop being depressed. Pirates used to put to wear an earring here and improve their eyesight that doesn't work.

I don't know right. But yeah. I don't know how. I don't know what the who.

I can't explain in my martial arts we were taught anybody you see wearing a post hit them because the only one pressure point causes paying two pressure points cause the energy to meet between the two points three pressure points causes the person to pass out if they got a post one down two to go right. I can tap you right. At the edge of it right. Right.

Here at the tip of the ear there's a pressure point right. Here and right. Behind it there's another one. I can tap you there and drop you.

I just clip that here with my knuckle and down and you're gonna get at least a. TKO. Zach we're here heed me get mister it's probably why he's not here did anybody come to the the martial arts training that we can winwaker could you see me clip. Zach on that oh he's really sensitive on that one nah no.

Every point is sensitive on everybody. But and he's usually really resilient like he's got super flexible joints. I tapped he almost went to the floor that was it boom that's it. But little things you learn right.

But even that you know in the pressure point in the martial arts we're taught to read the face because. I can tell by how your hairline goes how you're the shape of your forehead where your energy strongest and where your energy strongest is where your nerves are most sensitive. So if. I if.

I can read your gallbladder line. Then. I know if. I spell couple isn't under with like.

Steve. I just love to hit him under the eyebrow mmm look. At those eye. But there's a take your pick take your thumb feel along the inside of your eyebrow you'll feel a little a little hole in there that pressure point is called.

Yu. Yao and the acupuncture charts inside that hole are three nerves that come to a point three points does what four pressure points will shut off a major organ with a 90% chance that you can restart it by pressure points shuts down the primary in the back up three three dead. Wow outside the. Next cheating cuz everybody knows that one.

But it's a good one. But you got it you get most people don't hit it right. Head most people don't hit it right. Right.

That's a different class for you different day right. But we can look. I can look. It.

I can look. At that. Ross's hairline and know that. I shouldn't.

I probably shouldn't hit him on the forehead his hairlines receding a bit and if. But if. I did have to hit it hit his gallbladder points. I'd have to come and come back to the side with a little bit of a smear with.

Stephen to be about the same with. Bob not. So much sass. I just hit him on a chair because there's no.

Energy here right. Because the. Energy's gone internal right. So again when.

I went to acupuncture is quite and go to learn how to heal people. I wanted to get better helping people. I learned. I went to learn or any medicine to get better the pressure points from the martial arts little did.

I know poof right. Nothing is wasted and recent you start something is usually not why you actually wind up doing it right. So just enjoy the ride because what you think is your destination probably isn't it won't always be easy. But it will be worth wild okay.

So that being said let's bring up the man's the hour to share with you an accelerated general negativity clearing technique this is called lovingly we called a wham-bam gray room slam. I give the floor to tjz belt [Music] now for those of you that weren't here during lunch give you a little background on this. I got this download because of the three by three protocol we were going over gray room practicing. I had one more rep to get in and it was we were out of time.

So. I. I saw his act and. I was like dude.

I need one more rep he goes we don't have time time is just a idea we can do this quick and effectively did the gray room in under 30 seconds can anybody think of how this would be beneficial okay. A little background on this to teach this or to show this the the client that. I would attract was the annales to do this you have to the the person who. I teach this to has had to have done gray room a minimum of four times because it's really hard to rush somebody through something that they haven't experienced an opportunity to be able to follow it.

I'm gonna say apologize right. So. I'm gonna you want to taller cherry is that good enough this should be good enough. I'm gonna grab you another chair other than that one now the application that.

I use this for a lot for some people that have sleeping issues once this is set up you have the ability now to do it on your own just before you go to bed a lot of people don't want to do certain processes because they're like oh. I gotta prep myself and. I gotta go into trance and. Then.

I gotta. I just want to go to sleep. But blah blah blah well if you can do this for yourself in under 30 seconds why wouldn't you right. But to set it up.

I. First have to get the subconscious to understand that you can do things this quickly and the way it came up with it is. I'll demonstrate it here can you guys see okay. Okay.

Out of curiosity is there a movie that you have seen. So many times that if you were to just look. Past a doorway and it was on. TV you would not only recognize the movie you would know what part of the movie is being played heat okay.

Sorry if. I touch your arm okay. So we're going on what this is going to be this up here this will be the very beginning of the movie right. Here is the end credits okay.

And how long is the movie heat approximately a little over two hours perfect close your eyes. Now the movie starts and it's playing along and what happens here kasing boy [ __ ] the transfected they're casing for a transfer going down okay. And what happens here in the parking lot with. Wayne grody.

China throw them in the chocolate gives away perfect now we're gonna rewind a little bit what happens here it the actual heights that. Chuck. I mean guilty guards the actual hassan mohammed okay. And move forward again what happens here at the he's at the hotel before you get in the way.

Robert. De. Niro - trying to get. Wayne go for killing his boys and ratted them out okay.

And end credits okay. So now are you ready for this here we go the movie starts and did you miss any part of the movie how how long is the movie little over two hours let's do that one more time. So we start here and did you miss any part of the movie you know open your eyes. And look.

At me understand that you just effectively watched a two hour movie a little over two hours twice didn't miss any part of it you did that twice in under 30 seconds how many times have you done graver about seven eight times. So you you know the process everything would you like to do the gray room in under 30 seconds sure okay. When the. Second hand gets to the top ready and down you're going down the elevator down the elevator you can see the letters disappearing you're at the bottom of the elevator in front of you is the pathway to a door go on through the doorway you're in an egg-shaped room and the center is a fire pit you look.

Around the room you have the positive things and the lesson of positive things. I want you to grab all the less than positive things we're gonna throw them into the fire see the flames rise up feel the energy dissipating see the smoke rising up through the top feel all the new beautiful great energy is soaking into you're no. Longer held back soaking and soaking and filling you up filling you up and coming back in 3 2 1 open your eyes. No.

So good you feel did you miss any part of it no. How you feel feel good you did the entire gray room in 37 seconds for the very. First time yeah any questions on that. So would you do that just to get yourself into that the.

First time it's not the movie the movie mode that is there that's you helping your client. So that their subconscious can understand the construct of how quickly it can be done if. I just come up to you and and you've done the gray room for five seven eight times and each time it took. You what what's the quickest you've done it.

So flatlined dozen times is every time is the way over ten minutes way over ten minutes and if. I say well you can do it in under 30 seconds it might feel like yeah hell no. But if. I can demonstrate that you can watch a two-hour movie in under in that quick at time yeah.

So in that particular instance are you inducing transfer are they putting themselves into those that rapid induction or are they putting themselves under combination of the two because of the fact that they've already been in trance. Ford grave room. I don't find that. I have to go through and set up the new trance and deepening and all these things you already know that when you're in grey room during trance and.

So for for example my. I've got a couple of clients that we're going through divorce well divorce it they come and they see you and you get them all cleaned up and everything's good and they go home and one phone call from the lawyer or or the spouse and they are covered with [ __ ] again and to think that they are going to have to wait and make it through and carry all this [ __ ] until the. Next appointment to come see you they now have permission they've got my phone number they have permission to call me and. I as soon as.

I see it. I know who they are. I answer and you can hear in their voice. I'm sorry to bother you is this a good time and the.

First thing. I say is yeah are you sitting down are you ready those two words already have them prepped because they know that you don't call me for this while you're driving you know you know and. I'll go are you sitting down are you ready yes. And you're going down the elevator by the love of coming back in three two one notice how good you feel and you can literally hear in their voice how much weight fell off any other questions or.

I've got a question for you who can think of another application that this can be used in our new learning memory memory what if just asked you took. The. Last five days right. So for me to activate that can just.

I just go since you set it up he set up he said it my build exactly yeah there's a baby there's now a mechanism in him by which he can compress time automatically and that's what that's what establishing the movie and the timing on there the slider is about it establishes a mechanism by which the unconscious mind can effectively and consistently compress or extend time once it's installed yeah. So we gotta get in life for you to insist. I hope you're gonna do on each other right. Now example because you've already seen how it's done now.

I want you guys to work with each other set up the timeline same way. I did once it's set up notice that. I ran through the movie twice and it has to be a movie that you who burn oh yeah and. I've had a couple of well there's nothing that.

I really know. I have you seen. But one person was adamant. I don't watch movies.

I hey blah blah blah and. I said alright. Have you read a book. Okay.

Yes. They all right. Same thing okay. This chapter what chapter is it what's going on.

So you find something that has that basis. But for the most part in this day and age pretty much everybody has seen one movie that's their favorite that they know well enough to do this in watch the movie. Then do it right. After.

I just. So that you would because literally be hauling me to be super clear if if you absolutely need to. But again yeah there's and ideally this should be a movie that you enjoyed yeah they're gonna find that if you enjoy the movie you're gonna get that oxytocin and dopamine release the body's gonna get more neural plastic and the more times you watch the movie better it's gonna get ya any other questions before we break to try this out don't overthink it just do what he did alright. Groups of three go stuff without equipment anything you do in a neuro plastic state is gonna set harder and deeper.
