Title: USE THIS TO HACK Peoples Decision Strategy! Face Reading, Cold Reading, Body Language Psychology
File Name: dCbF-uS6CJI.txt
Video Id: dCbF-uS6CJI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCbF-uS6CJI

Let's talk about profiling yeah. So what is profiling what is. Prof now your your whole there's a whole appendix set of appendixes in your manual on cold reading 30. Second profiling things of that nature it's based on the old school of of mentalism that focuses on something called cold reading now the problem with old school cold reading is that it relies on extreme amounts of memorization along with sensory acuity.

So classical men list would list would would memorize massive lists of data things like the most popular names for the. Last 50 years the most common n colors and things of that nature nature and. Then they would as they would start to mine you for information they would start to pull these rememorized facts out with a high probability of um of being correct because they know what the generalizations are does that make sense in the. I2 model when we're intelligence gathering we need to know certain things um we need to know one of the things we can't ever know without dialoguing is what a person an interaction is what a person's character is we can't know that until we we we actually spend time with them and see how they move through the world what we can start to do is extrapolate some other things that are very useful one of which is based on the facial map that you see behind me we call this their decision making strategy based on their physiognomy okay.

Now this is not something. I want you to believe this is something. I want you to test when we look. At the face we look.

At the head in classical face reading classical. Chinese medical. Theory we divide we divide the fa the head into three zones heaven human and. Earth the dividing lines the way.

I was. I'm going to give you uh some two ways to to do this you decide which one you feel is more accurate my teacher. Lillian told me that when you measure the heaven zone of a person you want to measure from the brow line to the top of the head instinctively. I didn't do that.

I started measuring from the brow line to the hairline and. I found that to be um useful as well. But the classical way the way. I was taught measure from the brow line to the top of the head if that zone is the largest just these people are very datadriven lots of people in this room with high foreheads all right.

Okay. Somebody calling me or is there a communication going on that shouldn't be okay. The middle. Zone the human zone is what was known uh in face reading as your pragmatic or practical zone now what's interesting is how many of you are familiar with uh graph analysis or graphology or anything like that one of the cool things is that in in graphology and graph analysis they divide zones in handwriting you have an upper.

Zone a middle. Zone and a lower. Zone. There is almost a direct onetoone correlation between the three zones of the head and three zones in handwriting.

So in handwriting the upper zone is for people who are highly intellectual they call it your metaphysical. Zone. But it's really about people who are knowledge and data driven have high spiritual aspirations they think a lot okay. So when you see people people with an upper.

Zone here this is someone who's all about information and my good friend best probably best example uh is my web guy. Brandon. Burr who runs my my. David.

SN. NP website he runs jet webinar and every time. I ask him a question he answers me with a spreadsheet he's literally got a diamond shaped head where everything is up here and. Then there's almost nothing down here you know.

I'm afraid he's going to kick off at 50. But uh we'll talk about we'll talk about that in. Jin class the middle. Zone and.

I killed the f. I killed there we go okay. The middle. Zone just like in handwriting concerns itself with mundane things pragmatic can how can.

I use this right. Is this going to be useful someone with a large middle. Zone isn't nearly as concerned about the facts that support the tool as long as the tool gets lets them do what they want to do does that make sense the. Earth zone.

I'm going to have to change the batteries on this very soon uh the. Earth. Zone these people are very emotional they're very intuitive and instinctive uh they follow their gut a lot they do things because they love it and it feels right. Just like in handwriting these people also tend to be very emotional very sexual very physical okay.

Very strong lower. Zone you're saying if it's long very big can be long or or broad right. And there's some there's now some really good science that actually corroborates some of the facial traits that we'll cover in. Jin class and uh face reading for.

Fun and. Profit that have to do with hormonal. Pathways which relate to the four personality types discovered by. Socrates it's actually there's actually an interesting connecting thread uh some of the work that kind of leads you into some of that research is why him why her by.

Dr. Helen. Fischer. So if you do any kind of compatibility work matchmaking that kind of stuff she's a good research uh source.

So you have these three zones you have an emotional instinctive. Zone you have a pragmatic. Zone and you have a mental zone now just like. NLP representational systems people tend to think if.

I have a big head big forehead. I'm datadriven people with a big middle. Zone. I am practical people with uh large lower.

Zone. I am horny no. Just kidding right. I am.

I'm emotional. I'm instinctive it's not that you're all of them which one do you do. First. Second.

Third. So when you start to gauge and measure the relative proportions of these zones what you wind up with is an a formula for presenting information to these people that is that goes to their normal native decision-making strategy. So if if you've got someone who has a one two3 zone a one two3 configuration big upper. Zone.

Next size is. Next biggest zone is. Middle. Third biggest zone is small now you know that you got to present the facts tell them how it's going to help them and tell them how much you're going to love it right.

If you've got someone who's got a flipped. Zone you got a 321 now you got to tell people how much they're going to love this how it's going to help them and all the data that supports the conclusion if. You' got someone who has a diamond shaped face who has more middle. Zone now you've got to figure out okay.

How you know all the things it's going to do for them and. Then you have to figure out do. I need to talk about the data that supports it or how much they're going to love it right. So it gives you a choice and right.

And is knowing how people make decisions useful right. It's right. There as plain as the nose on your face right. So this is one of the things.

I want you to begin to really uh start to look. At. I want you to begin to measure and things like that and we can see this from across the room like we can start creating a profile of people before we ever engage just like the. Rapport.

Continuum. I can look. At a couple and know by vental orientation postures and leans and and and distance how into one another they are who's in charge of that power. Dynamic who's the who's the leader who's the supplicates we can see because of the big pieces this is a big piece that goes directly to how you structure and deliver the information us the the influence system you've learned if.

I can wrap the data in adverb adjective presuppositions cause and effect complex equivalence right. To their. Criterion values by the way just for the record. Criterion values and.

Echo techniques supersede everything else right. The minute you get a person's criteria you have everything you need you have their undivided attention and the actual heart driving driven things that make them act you just got to keep them connected to it long enough for that convincer strategy to engage and. Then they'll say okay. Let's go right.

But this is another add-on this is extra lets you know that you know if if you don't have access to their criteria values this is how you present okay. So let's take let's break up into groups of five and take 10 minutes measuring faces or measuring zones and giving people feedback on what they think they are or what you think they are and find out how accurate you are well you can take a straight edge and just measure right. Now here's the here's the homework for you find the local. Tech campus like.

AT&T or. Apple or. Google whatever is close go ahead hang out there around lunchtime and look. At the faces and notice all the eggh heads right.

Then go to a. MMA gym or a fitness center where like where all the. Iron. Man and the athlete and look.

At the jaw look. At the faces and you'll see the inverse right. These physiognomies tend to gravitate to certain activities okay. Questions on that yes.

Microphone. Moss is out doing weird things which is why there's no. Microphone where it needs to be you just can't win can you. Moss welcome to.

Seth world. I'm not trying to make you into. Seth one one more time push the button one more time. So let me.

I know the answer to this before. I ask which is why. I'm hesitant do you want me to just keep giving you information and not give you time to practice or you want to practice okay. If if we're talking about your uh parameters going to hairline the hairlines move well you look.

At where it used to be used to be you can always tell even if somebody's balding you can almost always tell where the hairline was and by the way if you have a receding hairline in. Chinese medicine that's considered a sign of good luck oh yeah because it was believ you know we know from from physiology that people seeding hairlines have extra testosterone right. Well extra testosterone means you're tougher than the average bear which means you're stronger you have more. Constitution means you can work harder grow more food make more money.

So you can work harder grow food and make more money. So it was always considered just like in the in the in the old times if you were overweight you were wealthy that was that was a big thing because it food wasn't exactly you know easy to come by pass the microphones [Music] punch it on baby is this useful yes. Okay. Separating.

Datt somebody very very smart are they going to be uh in that data driven just because they're data driven doesn't it's not about it's not about intelligence okay. It's about what criteria they use to make decisions people with the higher foreheads tend to be knowledge gatherers they want to gather all the data and. Then make a decision just like a con like just like a um uh. I.

I want to say convincer strategy. But. I don't think that's right. Bottom line is they gather data get a feeling about it and.

Then decide on it that's actually how everybody makes a decision it's just a question of how much do they have to gather before they actually make and what kind of data do they have to gather before they hit that feeling that lets them know it's okay. To to to make a decision or to act does that make sense now another thing you want to look. At when it comes to decision making is the eyebrow the flatter the eyebrow the longer it takes a person to reach a decision if there's an angle in the eyebrow we'll cover this in face reading for. Fun and.

Profit the and the closer that angle is to the center of the line of the face the faster they make a decision and act on it. So if you like if you look. At. Hester's eyebrow she has a real nice she she's about 50/50.

So she can be she's very decisive. But she weighs all the facts and. Then she makes she she acts on it um. Aaron.

Aaron's a little bit he he takes a little bit longer to make decisions and tends to try to gain the get the pulse of where the where the group is going before making his decision. So he'll be a little bit more longer to take decisions that sound about right. Kind of depends on the day depends on the day that sounds kind of decisive to me what do you think yes. So.

I don't actually have eyebrows. I put eyebrows. So it's not a question of how much hair you have there it's about the sh it's the angle it's the shape of the brow the shape yeah yeah um. David has a he's a.

German eyebrow see the the sharp angle. So he weighs the the the information makes. Deion and boom he just attacks the if they have if you see people have like the little. Spike that just goes up here these people ready fire aim like they just go right.

These people are at a stop light and the lights like on y on like green or whatever and they're like right. So if you get someone with these real long flatter eyebrows with someone with this real oh that's a nightmare for them right. So again um we'll talk more again we'll talk about more of this in face reading. But the eyebrow is a really my wife has these really long long eyebrows oh my.

God she takes forever to make a decision plus she's metallic. So not only does she take forever to make a decision she will meticulously plan everything out. Then meticulously plan out everything and. Then plan meticulously out and she'll just keep recursing over and over and over again and by the time she actually started.

I've done it and gone back and done it and gone back and done it and. G back four times cuz. I'll just up as. I go fix it and keep going right.

She'll make less mistakes. But she'll take longer to start you said that image is 21 this one this one would be yeah it's closer to 231 because this. Zone seems a bit bigger to me. But this could be this is pretty close.

So. I would go two yeah no. I would go 213 on this one. But if.

I know blian she probably tried to make everything as equal as possible just to with us. But there's not much space for the hairline no. But she. But.

Lillian goes by the. Lillian goes by the top of the head. I go by the hairline yeah and and you can do a lot with hairlines hairlines are really really interesting um. So let's go ahead and let's take 10 or 15 minutes get into groups of five and just look.

At each other's zones and figure out what zones you're in and how accurate you are for my. Next trick lights. Mr if you please. Mr.

So again along the lines with decisiveness decision-making ability willfulness things of that nature what you see here are profiles okay. So when you measure you have to kind of measure from the gabella to the root of the nasal bone to the tip of the chin okay. You have to connect those dots now this is what. I call a dorsal forehead you ever see a sports car the fin these people are very fast thinkers they make decisions very very quickly yeah that's what.

I call it like you think of 57. Chevy with that big the big dorsal fin on the the the tail fins on the back because it's a sports car and all fast cars have those right. It's just how. I think about it right.

Then you have the uh reverse dorsal fin this is someone who is not a fast decision maker they will take their time and take their time and take their time and take yeah it can be a little frustrating. So the relative zones give us the kind of data that they need in the order that they need it the facial profile gives us the speed at which they do things. So this person tends to be a fast thinker the chin implies also someone who implements fast. So.

So when you see this configuration these people make decisions fairly quickly and they. Implement fairly quickly okay. Somebody has who's balanced kind of like this person little bit more even right. Somebody who has the this protruding chin these people may make a decision relatively quickly.

But it'll take them forever to do anything about it okay. People with this configuration they take forever to make a decision. But when they do they tend to act fairly quickly. So what.

I would do when. I'm at profiling. I would look. At their eyebrow and.

I would look. At their profile and see how much they you know where they correspond chances are that's probably how they're going to process okay. Somebody who has both they're a nightmare they take forever to make a decision and when they actually. Finally get around and decid to do it they take forever to actually start okay.

Now these people will swear to. God in little green apples that that's not the case don't listen to what they say watch what they do remember something and when it comes to profiling a person is what they've done in the past it's all about pattern recognition. Okay. When you when you come to like defense against the dark arts and we start looking at the flag system and how to profile the the the bad guys of the world one of the things you're going to look.

At is patterns of certain types of patterns that are indicative of certain personality types one of the things you can be absolutely certain of in these pattern offenders is that the pattern never changes. But the rationalizations and excuses always do now you are far more than your behaviors you are far more than your physical body and your emotions and all that you are. Wonder ful. Soul likee snowflakes of the.

Divine doesn't matter we're in this plane and this is how it works this is how it plays out this is not a course on spirituality this is a course about getting what you want. So for all intents and purposes you are your behavior for all intents and purposes the behavior a person expresses is who they are not who they could be. But who they are and unless they are extremely motivated to do something different they will not change and you will never lose money factoring that they're not going to change into your plans okay. This is the.

Practical side we would like to believe that everybody should have a. Second chance that everybody can change. But we as hypnotists know nobody changes until they've suffered enough and even. Then the excuses continue right.

So for you guys because you're agents of influence the behavioral patterns of persic exhibits is who they are assume that that's who they will be for the. Next 20 years and make your plans accordingly your job is not to go around changing. People unless you're paid to do it and they still have to want the change your job is to get your outcome. So pay attention to the person who is in front of you pay attention to the way the world is.

So you can make it what you want it to be okay. So this is important. So we look. At the decision making data we look.

At the decision- making and implementation speed okay. While we're on the subject we're going to do one more thing ears the configuration of a person's ear years tells you about their willingness and ability to take and tolerate risk. So if you have someone with a very large upper. Zone this is someone who can tolerate.

Financial. Risk they're much more likely or willing to risk their money than their body they have a bigger bigger upper. Zone if the middle. Zone is bigger than the upper.

Zone this is someone who's more willing to risk their physical body than their money okay. You'll see this a lot in athletes iron uh triathletes things of that nature uh extreme sports enthusiasts okay. The size of the ear relative to the face indicates a person's ability to tolerate fear and deal with fear people with small ears tend to have be more fearful than people with larger ears doesn't mean that they can't be brave it means that um they they feel things a they feel fear a little bit more intensely it tends to hold them back now one of the behavioral patterns that that these small-eared people tend to exhibit is that when they were kids they were a little bit more of a daredevil primarily because they were out to prove that they weren't afraid okay. So smaller ears lower risk tolerance higher degrees of um.

I don't want to say inhibition. But maybe insecurity in what they do uh someone give him a microphone. I just wanted to repeat on the the larger part of the ear the upper. Kix or the upper part of the ear is uh ability to tolerate monetary and.

Financial. Risk risk middle area tolerate uh physical risks right. These people are more likely to join an. M become an.

MMA fighter or an extreme athlete jump out of airplanes things of that nature can someone pass the microphone to. Camille on that note to confirm is it the if. I'm looking at the photo this the cut off is about here. Then you have this.

Zone and. Then you have you can measure the length to determine uh compared to the whole fa size of the head how big the ear is got it somebody with longer ears will tend to accumulate more wealth throughout the course of their life than people with smaller ears now that's not always true. But people with the longer love it's called a. Buddha ears it's a sign of good fortune and good luck in uh in the.

Chinese systems because again the uh the ears are related to the kidney. Jing and the energy which is your your basic. Vitality that you inherit it's also related to your willpower. So you have more will in the world.

So you tend to be able to get more done right. Just like the chin is related to the will. But when it sticks out like that you've got somebody who's excessively willful. So if it's not their idea it ain't happening right.

So yes. If there is an angle on the top. U you know upper part what is that indicating uh. I know some people like a rabbit or something you know like they have this angle on the top of their their part.

Elfin they're part elf no. I'm teasing there's there's many different configurations of the ear. I mean. I.

I could. I could spend half a day on ears in fact. I do in in face reading for. Fun and.

Profit too right. But for profiling these are the things we need to know. I can. I can look.

At your entire trauma history from conception or birth all the way up to age 14 from your ears. I can tell when your siblings were born from your ears. I can tell if you had trouble in. B in.

U in in birth from your ears it's crazy okay. But that's not relevant to what we're here for right. Dallas will be going deep dive into that stuff right. That's all trauma and.

Constitution related stuff all right. Let's get the lights take 10 minutes and look. At that stuff.
