Title: -dCG8qOh3CA.txt
Video Id: -dCG8qOh3CA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dCG8qOh3CA

Hello my friends hello as the. Neo. Diamond song goes uh long time no. See this.

Dr. David checking in with you let me just get my recording going here really quick. Dr. David checking in with you wanted to check in on my extended family in.

YouTube land um not going to restream this not restreaming this to. Facebook. Or any of the other platforms this is just for my. YouTube family.

So uh. I am working off my little tiny laptop. So if. I look.

At. I'm scrunching down and squinting it's because well. I am scrunching down and squit. I'm used to a very large screen.

So let me see what do you want to know about guys. I'm. I'm here in a hotel. I've been here for almost 10 days already well not quite 10 day well eight this will be day nine.

So uh. I'm up to my ears in spirituality energetics mysticism you name it uh. I'm dealing with it. So talk to me what do you guys want to know about what's on your mind did you how many of you caught the uh the defense against the dark arts.

Replay for that we did for our folks out in. UK anybody there's. Revelation let's see here move this up a little bit. So.

I can make things a little bit easier to see all right. So talk to me what is uh what's on your all's mind what do you guys want to know about if anything right. Matthew says the replay was great good good it was one of our more popular ones how to conquer bipolar well the. First thing.

Liam. I would have to talk about in terms of bipolar is what's the what's the root cause what's the core what's the main player in that. Prospect is it psychoemotional is it is it biochemical right. And that would that would that would there's always going to be a psycho emotional compon component um as well as an energetic component to all forms of mental issues.

But if the. Organics aren't handled. First you're you've got a lot of you're going to have a lot of challenges. So um one of the things that we can use is uh from an acupuncture perspective or what we call the 13 ghost points window of the sky points um we can do a lot of cleaning and purging we can use the transformational.

Triad on the roots and the symptomology. IES of the issue and start to regulate through that there's a lot of different venues or. Avenues of approach that we could we could we could handle the symptomology of it. But without knowing the root cause and everything else um my my my classic answer would be regress to cause and fix it at the source uh let's see ghost.

Panther says a good detox elixir sir that's a good question um a lot of people are using liver cleanses uh. I like apple cider vinegar myself. I find that to be extremely uh purging purging that's what. I use a lot uh.

L says hi sweethearts. Laura. Thompson says dealing with heart hold on a sec heart issues okay. Uh.

Laura when we're talking about anything that has to do with your physiology start with your doctor unless these are feras of the heart as opposed to cardiac issues right. So start with your doctor uh and. Then start with um the. Dallas 5 is probably a good place to start uh healing sounds and.

Then. U what things you can do along those lines let's see here um. Mr. T can you talk about the three stage date approach three-stage data approach is an it's an interesting concept because people tend to judge time and space together and.

So the three state the three-stage data approach started with meeting a person for coffee or something you know very superficial very casual you know creating a deep level connection chemistry. Rapport and. Then venue changing one of the things. I would do a lot is.

I would meet someone for coffee and. Then. I'd say hey you guys you want to catch a movie right. And.

Then. U from there. I take him out to dinner or i' go from the uh from the the coffee shop or the yogurt place to uh dinner and. Then.

I'd take them to a movie. So. I change. I change location or sometimes we go from the coffee shop to the mall and walk around and.

Then we go to a movie and every time you you change venues your body tends to your mind tends to reclassify it as a separate date a separate getting together from when you the place where you. First met. So venue changing is extremely powerful in accelerating and ramping up intimacy and connection and comfort uh if you can get them to actually go with you right. And.

I found that to be a very very useful dating strategy uh for someone who. I want to accelerate intimacy with um. Liam is saying um thank you for the information way more than. I thought okay.

Revelation why is bucket listing. So valuable when treating your own issues it's valuable because in order for you to manage an issue you actually have to you have to operate from a different layer of. Consciousness than the issue itself and. So we have what we call.

Associated. States or primary. States and dissociated states or uh metastates when. I'm locked in my anger when.

I'm locked in my hurt or my jealousy or my my rage or my um my shame or my guilt. I'm. I'm. I'm drowning in an ocean.

But if. I can go meta to it in other words if. I can rise above it and view it from a disident identified or dissociated perspective now. I have the ability to inject change into it.

I won't go into all the reasons how that works or why. But the simple. Act of creating a bucket list forces you to vomit out to to externalize all of the things that are holding that you want to change okay. The simple.

Act of doing that causes shifts in the energetics of the traumas that you're dealing with and and the reason for that is the reason we having trauma related symptomologies is because the energy and the emotions are stuck they're not moving and. So they're they're they're trying to they're trying to process themselves out. But the system isn't letting it because they're stuck when you start expressing even just the act of writing the simple. I'm angry about you know.

Tony took. My my candy bar when. I was five and. I'm still angry about it right.

Just the act of expressing that and getting it out on paper causes a venting of the emotion connected to the experience which allows for movement within the system which allows you to begin processing that out okay. Moving from internal to external begins a process of transformation. But now what happens is once you've got it on paper now you can look. At it now now you're no.

Longer at the same level as the feeling now you're here because now you're looking at the representation of that feeling on a piece of paper that puts you meta to it. Then what you want to do is when you assign an intensity value from from zero to 10 the moment you you know the the simple. Act of having to evaluate the intensity of something forces you to go even more meta to it you're now outside of that feeling able to. Monitor and measure that which gives you the power position right.

Think of it like you know you're drowning in a sea of emotion right. But all of a sudden there's this helicopter floating above you that reaches down pulls out sends out a lifeline and pulls you up out of it and now you can you can travel to different locations you can go back down into it if you want to you can see different islands that are around because you're no. Longer locked in that level. So bucket listing is important because it allows us the ability to get out of our emotion and process and reorganize our emotion the other thing about bucket listing and why it's.

So important is because of the natural negativity bias of the nervous system your neurology is is programmed to deal with the most problematic things. First it's it's it's just how we're we're wired it's from. Evolution. But what.

I have discovered from years and years and years of. First working on myself and. Then help helping other people to uh work on their own stuff or guiding people through their stuff is that your neurology will always pick the most challenging aggressive uh volatile emot uh issues to deal with. First which by defin is almost always the thing you've had the biggest amount of trouble dealing with.

So you've got 20 years of failure with a particular problem because you're fighting. Godzilla that natural tendency to deal with that. First is great if you have somebody else guiding you through the process. But if you don't if you're by yourself.

Then you actually need to vomit that information out onto an external sheet of paper and reorganize the priorities of what you're going to deal with from the least problematic like on a scale of zero to 10 you deal with the ones. Then you deal with the twos and you work yourself up from from a little tiny lizard to. God. Godzilla because you don't have a history of success with the techniques you're using most of the time you need a level one pro a level one technique can only deal with a level one problem right.

Until youve killed enough level one problems that all of a sudden you level up to level two think of it like a video game. I kill enough level one monsters or mobs right. All of a sudden. I get more experience points.

I go up to a level two mob now. I can kill level two mobs easily. I kill enough level two mobs. I go to level three that's how bucket listing.

Works bucket listing allows you to systematically level up your ability to deal with the most heinous aggressive monsterized traumas by starting with the little baby ones. First and you build up this massive arsenal of power confidence and technique um with it and. So now you're more capable of of of processing your own stuff um it's it seems like a very simple concept. But it's profound in its ability to actually help you create change right.

So. I hope that answers that's a pretty long drawn out explanation. But. I hope.

I hope people find it useful um. So. Matthew's asking after identifying dark. Triads especially in business there may still be things that.

I want from that relationship how to open those doors well. First of all anytime you're you're voluntarily dealing with somebody who has all three of the you know s melanism psychopathy psychopathy and sociopathic tendencies um you're asking for trouble and you're asking for betrayal and the only way that you're going to be able to trust that person is to the degree that you're your interests are in alignment in other words as long as you're focusing on things that are of mutual benefit to both of you you can rely on that person to do the expected thing. But the moment those those um the moment those outcomes diverge where it's now more in their advantage to do one thing versus now you can you're no. Longer going to be able to trust those people that's human nature and general the dark.

Triad soci sociopaths. Psychopaths even more. So the problem with some of these dark tries you actually never know because they're. So focused on their on on they have plans behind plans behind plans you're never really going to be sure what their their their true outcome is or where your where their interests really diverge.

So you have to be really really careful uh and do your homework on those people let's see here. Cobra. Viper is asking. I want to get more hypnosis class remember he says something about what we preach.

But it's hard to okay. I'm having trouble really understanding what you wrote here. Cobra um okay. So here's what.

I'm going to tell here's what. I tell all of my my students and my coaching clients if you want a steady stream of clients you need to find a of people get them in a room find out what their problem is actually find out what their problem is before you get them in the room. So you know what to present and just bring them up and start doing change work do a couple examples give people some really fun actionable um things they can take into the world and give them an opportunity to work with you uh one-on-one and. Then take that content videotape the content of that training and put that on your.

YouTube channel put it on your your. Instagram put it on all of your social media with links to your website with phone links to your phone number uh and just keep feeding the. Beast right. It's a slow it's a long-term.

Slow. Burn kind of a solution um. But. I always assume that the people that.

I'm training have little to no. Ad budget or marketing budget and. So we start with the things that cost the least amount of money and if you've taken the time to do your your consumer research your customer research. Then you know who you're talking to you know where they hang out uh you know what their hot buttons are and it becomes a pretty straightforward matter of just putting butts in seats and just keep going the problem.

I see with most people who take this approach is they quit after about 90 days um and it took. I tell people before uh it took. Me a good 10 years to become an overnight success right. And.

I make a little joke about it. But the truth is is that the things that lead to success are almost never exciting they're exciting at. First. But the secret to it is you've got to keep doing it over and it's become it becomes the grind and that's what makes you successful um.

But most people they they they top out their enthusiasm starts to wne at about 90 days within 90 days to six months they're they're off to something else because it's not fast enough for them. So you got to play the long game if you want customers and clients right. Look. At people in your industry who are have the the client flow that you want model what they're doing right.

But remember that that model can only take you. So far at some point you've got to take that model and customize it to your own particular uh brand and flavor of of how you present what you want the kind of client you want to deal with. So. I hope that helps uh.

Merck says be how to quit smoking regress to cause regress to cause find the reason you started smoking in the. First place remove those reasons vent the emotional charge reprocess the experience give yourself a bunch of direct suggestions to substitute better habits and give yourself lots of rewards for doing the right. Thing uh that in a nutshell is a pretty quick way to quit smoking. But.

First you have to decide that you really want to quit which is the biggest problem that most people have is that they want to quit they they feel like they have to quit for other people's reasons their the wife wants them to quit their kids are complaining their parents are want the people at work are busting their balls because they're smokers whatever you got to make sure you that you're quitting for the right. Reasons your reasons and once you're very clear on your reasons for quitting. Then all the other things become pretty straightforward okay. Um affiliate marketing with.

William why don't. I speak to people who disrespected me in the past when. I see them in the public nowadays okay. Well the simple truth is.

William is that the reason you're not speaking to them is because you haven't healed from the initial wounding of the experience it's it's really that simple you're still holding a grudge you're still holding on to that person you were when the insult was given if you want to be able to get past that. Then you've got to go into your own system and clean out that crap reprocess that experience reframe the behaviors and. Then decide if if they're if they're people that you want to have in your life that you want to talk to okay. Right.

It's it's really simple we avoid people who wounded. Us we' in the we avoid people in the future who wounded. Us in the past or we become obsessed with getting payback either way there's a wounding inside of us that needs healing the only one who can heal that is you uh new being it says how to calm nervous tension when close to burnout. I took.

A step to lessen stress at work for myself. But feel not. So good when it lands on colleagues. I know no.

Tiger is chasing me okay. So it looks like there's a couple of is issues with this question. First of all uh calming your nervous system is actually pretty easy control your posture control your breathing think happy thoughts okay. Um take it out spin it.

Magic. Frame. It use the transformational. Triad that's relatively simple um lesson stress at work for yourself find ways to make work fun right.

Gamify things uh pay attention to the movies that you're running in your head while you're at work about the environment that you're in are you running movies that say the place you're in is a hell hole is it a you know a shitty place to work the culture is everybody's out to get you what kind of movies in associations have you made inside your own mind and heart about the environment that you're in and change those okay. She say you feel not. So good when it lands on your colleagues okay. Well.

First of all what does that mean when it lands on your colleagues does that mean that your colleagues are getting dressed down in your presence does that mean there's something you're doing or shifting of workload from that's falling on your colleagues that's making you feel bad um. I don't. I don't really understand that part of your question. So if you can elaborate or give me some clarity on that.

I can give you a better answer. Paul. De says if someone experienced cold blue fingers while outside hiking the hint of. Cole makes the finger shut down and go extremely cold and numb is that a question.

Paul. So. Stephen is asking what is the secret to inducing very deep trance with language patterns. I use awareness and load descriptors towards what's verifiably true.

But doesn't take me as deep as. I want okay. Is this a self-directed trans. Stephen or is it the trance you want to induce in another person because they're very different the nuances are going to change a little bit especially if you're trying to utilize language patterns on yourself okay.

Consciously because in order to do that there's a part of you that has to remain meta or or outside of the trans experience in order to deliver those. So it could be just a simple problem of absorption if it's about putting yourself in. TR shiman says hello. David from.

Lancaster. UK hello. Jamon uh. I say to people have a few inter clubs and semipro fights before you get in the ring with.

Mike. Tyson okay. Lah says. I do get over emotional lah says interesting.

I'm not mavan okay. Uh let's see here. Revelation. I heard you once mention that seing retention is no.

Mere no. Mere woowoo practicing that by retention you build the void element in your system could you please elaborate on this well it goes back to um the law of. Correspondence like certain bodily substances are uh analogous or vibrationally connected to certain physical elements like blood is connected to the heart or the fire of the body whereas the bone marrow is connected to the kidney energy or the water element of the body um semen is is largely connected to uh depending on which system you're you're pulling from either the void or or the uh or the the metal element in uh in in some of the. Dow the more esoteric.

Dows systems. But there's. So much energy energetic potential in the semen um that the the. Chinese systems put put far more important on preserving the energy of the seen rather than the blood they would say that for one drop of semen equals 10 drops of blood.

So if you think of the energetic charge uh inherent in the semen to create new life right. To to to break through that uh that the the shell around the. OVA and create and merge and and and start that whole chain reaction of uh you know of. Life as we call it right.

There's. So much energy in just one one sperm cell right. So the idea that you know every time that you you ejaculate you waste billions upon billions of um this precious energetic substance right. The idea is to to cultivate that circulate and use that energy in your body to build your own energy.

Fields uh rejuvenate your physical form and things of that nature. But the elemental associations um change a little bit from system to system. But they all. Place huge amounts of significance on the semen.

So um again the hermatic systems would call it the void uh some of the. Dow systems would say metal other systems would say um kidney um. But. I.

I tend to move towards um tend to be more focused on the the metal of the. Void side of of things. So hopefully that answers your question uh lah is saying sounds very cool. I need to manage my state.

First and that's being difficult controlling my state state control is the magic right. When everything once you can control your state everything else gets easier and easier and easier. Saul. Falone says good afternoon.

David listening while you work welcome sa uh. SF snow5. I've heard you say in a. YouTube video women want need sex more than men can you detail the psychology behind that um because women are are primal feeling beings.

But the society that we live in has set up. So many rules and boundaries and barriers to expressing that physical and emotional intimacy that women more often than not while they're constantly being propositioned um the the the choice of. Partners and the quality of the sexual the sexual experiences that they get are not very high now that may have changed in the. Last couple.

Generations ations. But my experience has been um that sex is usually easy to get. But not not easy to enjoy simply because of all the barriers that are in place for that um. But women get just as turned on they get just as aroused or desirable um as in fact more often it's just that there's more barriers for them and.

So the scarcity. Factor makes it a little bit more um. I don't want to say urgent. But the desire for good sexual experiences is at a minimum for most people that.

I've seen and again. I. I. I reserve the right.

To be wrong. But hopefully that helps um. Sam lovely says good afternoon tiger good afternoon. Sam uh lah says all of them are fit energetic and calm right.

L what are we talking about here. I'm not sure what we're talking about moment hold on oops my uh. I need to uh find my chat again. I may have to go and pop out my chat because this is getting kind of hard to manage.

But let's see here um. So. L is saying all of them are fit energetic and calm all the healers and that. I need to do.

I'm not that crap. But. I'm not go you know okay. L.

I'm really not following your conversation if you could give me a little bit more clarity on what you want want to talk about that would be helpful um. Saul if you get a chance. I have a question of what emotional trauma is stored in the appendix the appendix is part of the intestines and. So um.

I would go. So far as to say since it's part of the intestines you're probably dealing with uh grief betrayal uh sometimes anger because a lot of times the anger comes up from the liver and it. Cooks the the energy and it comes down into the uh into the intestine. So a lot of your your metal grief loss betrayal um dishonesty those kinds of things um abandonment will fin off thei its way into the intestinal area and.

So. I would say the appendix is part of that um that's as far as my training on appendix uh goes. Paul says if. I'm studying something in.

AB reacted. I have done work around the material could the material or teacher be toxic to my system okay. If. I'm studying something in abative okay.

So. Paul. I need. I need you to restate this question um because.

I'm not sure where you're coming from on that remember guys that the the more clear the question the better the answer. I can give you. I'm not trying to be obtuse or or or put you guys. U off off it's just that.

I'm. I you know. I know in your mind you think you know what you're saying. But when you when you read when you externalize it onto a text message it's sometimes a bit more challenging.

So the better the questions the better the answers the quickest way to build rapport in the dating sense oh that's simple three magic questions. Echo technique and. Vibe them right. If you don't know what vibing is get yourself to the.

Next killer influence training or get the home study course on track. Mastery or killer influence and you'll learn all about vibing lot says. I feel emotional. Then it fills the body going to my emotional tummy.

Then tummy makes me emotional at the moment okay. Transformational. Triad take it out spin it put it back in okay. Change your posture change your breathing uh the.

Mike. Tyson quote was an alternative metaphor to. Godzilla for start yes. Okay.

Very good. So. Stephen says yes. I've had.

So much trouble inducing deep trans with language patterns for self hypnosis can you elaborate how to create massive absorption for with them for self- hypnosis yes. First of all speak them into a recorder uh use a lot of deepener at presupposed going deeper and deeper and deeper use a few more boundary effects have them pass through stars and doorways and go downstairs and through elevators the more boundary effect or boundary effect techniques you layer in the more you're going to go deeper and deeper into trans the secret is not to try and speak yourself into a deep trance the idea is to speak your induction into uh a recording device at a nice relaxed even pace and. Then listen to that as you go to sleep or as you as you relax and just let yourself go since you created the recording you can trust everything that's being said right. Um that's the fastest most efficient way to use language patterns to put yourself in a deep trans the other way to do it is to pretend right.

Remember if if there's a part of you that's constantly trying to evaluate how deep you are that's the part that's keeping you out this is a big thing people try to understand the experience have the experience evaluate the experience and. So if you have a part of you that's trying to understand a part of you that's trying to do and a part of you that's trying to observe and analyze how absorbed in the process are you the answer is you're not. So you need to put those other. Parts on hold and just become fully absorbed in the experience and.

Just. Surrender and. Release. Yourself to that experience that's what's going to allow you to go to the really deep levels of trance it's about how it's not how you how you will yourself into trance it's about how you allow yourself to surrender into it trance is our natural one of our natural.

States. So if you allow yourself to surrender to the the process you'll get much better results much faster. So s's asking very interesting and yes. I'm now practicing intermittent.

SE retention to build up my chi and transmute into. Jing though. I have multiple lover. So it is a challenge be very careful with that.

Saul because remember um the more. Partners you have the more of their stuff you accumulate. I could spend two or three days lecturing on on that and trust me. I am.

I am not blameless when it comes to having multiple partners at certain points in my life. But there are certain energy itic things that if you're going to if you're going to play in the energetic world you have to have at least an understanding and an acceptance of the dangers of doing that okay. Uh let's see here. Paul is saying yes.

It's a badly formed question what steps should someone who experiences abnormally cold fingers uh when it's a slightly cold environment um there's a couple of things you can do uh one is to visualize big warm mittens on your hands visualize yourself at the beach that's also helpful. I have found that um putting something warm on your wrists can often uh help to alleviate that because it's the the blood vessels to the hand are constrict and that's what loses the blood flow now if if this is due to a traumatic experience. Then regress to cause transformational. Triad will release that and will store function you can also um spin or color breathe uh the coldness out of your hands.

So you know what color is the cold what color would make my hands warm up breathe that color through the hands and see how that works there's a couple different ways you could you can address it uh new being is saying thank you yes. I got a bad feeling when lessening the workload stressing work tasks. So that my land my colleagues need to do it to save myself from sickly okay. If what you're doing is necessary and uh your colleagues aren't complaining.

Then you're good right. Just be mindful of of overdoing that okay. But it might be it might be time to start looking for other places to work if the workload is is debilitating for you let me see here you know what. I am going to do something interesting.

I'm going to go to my uh my. YouTube back end and. I'm gonna. I'm gonna put in the pop out chat.

So that maybe not hold on a. Second. I might have to refresh this there it is okay. Good.

I'm gonna go to my back end here uh just because the. I think the the other version of the chat is easier to read. I'm going to pop. This.

Out close this down go from here okay. So okay. Um. So words create worlds hi.

David how are you. I'm curious when you're doing regression work if there's an abuser in the memory how do you create resolution with that stimulus stressor or trauma the. First thing you have to do is you have to vent the emotional chart. Then you have to get um.

Justice for the person to whom the. Act was perpetrated on and. Then if they if they were able to achieve the. Justice part it's usually fairly simple to move forward into forgiveness of the aggressor or the abuser um.

But that would be the basic approach um this is why in holonomic regression we spend. So much time in the safe place and what we call the. Karma. Police and things of that nature.

So you ever heard me do that um a lot of people will say that forgiveness is the ultimate. Panacea and well. I. I.

I. I understand where they're coming from uh don't underestimate the power of perceived. Justice in the mind and the hearts of trauma victims especially when there is an abuser involved um. So there we're always finding as therapists we're always finding that line between retribution and and.

Justice and recompense and forgiveness and and a lot of times you can't get to one with without going through the other um and sometimes just. Justice on its own um is enough to be extremely healing and and therapeutic for the person um. But it's always about dissolving that emotional charge getting some level of um balance between what was done and and the results of it and there's different ways that we can approach that. But that's that's that's the.

Crux of it sometimes we don't even need to deal with that um we can just take it out spin it and that goes away sometimes we can just. Magic. Frame it and it goes away this is why we we teach the transformational. Triad to everyone to the general public because you can heal.

So much you can fix. So many things uh. I just got a letter from a lady uh today who used spinning to to cure her stage four cancer or to heal her cancer right. And she learned it on.

YouTube right. This is why we do the transformational. Triad this is why we do the energy spinning uh magic frame the color bleeding because it's your own personal allpurpose. First aid kit in terms of the things that it can it can really put a dent in uh and they're blind techniques which means that if you're actually doing this with somebody else they can make the what they're experiencing in their mind as.

Vivid and as raw and as graphic as it needs to be uh and you don't have to know any of it to guide them through this process of healing and resolution. So um this is one of the reasons that we have to give this to you and we want all of you to have it is because there's. So much healing that you can do with just these simple these simple. But powerful techniques and if you need more you come to us and we'll help you right.

U we'll show you where to go for more. So um. But yeah in terms of trauma abuse it's it's the same protocols it's just do we need to we need to find the initial sensitizing event we need to get some level of understanding and recompense or desire for justice or forgiveness um and. Then reping those experiences see here okay.

Trust the process good afterno. David are information connected with. State control 100% 100%. Untouchable says nice to meet you nice to meet you back.

B says hot water ball and tell me to come me down it's. So cold. February in. London oh yes.

I. I would my heart goes out to you. I would not want to be in. London in.

February uh let's see here. So how much do it cost and is it possible to speak to on online have a console. I do. I.

I my my my rate per session if you pass my after you pass my console uh is $3,000 a session. I have. Associates that. I've trained who work for me and with me that are uh slightly more reasonable uh and you're welcome to call.

Moss or. Bernie at. NLP power 858 282 4663 or you can email. Moss at.

NLP power and um he'll he'll he'll have a conversation with you and. Then once we figure out what direction is the best for you um we'll recommend a a therapist or a an associate that's a better fit if your stuff is more of a spiritual nature we may give you over to our resident. Shaman. Bernie.

District if it's more of a medical nature we might give it over to. Heather if it's more of a psychoemotional nature or or something along those lines um. Moss may be doing it and if it's. D all the above they'll refer you to me and.

Then you can um decide what uh you know what kind of a relationship is is going to work for you okay. But that's how that's the direction that we go. So the short answerers. I do see clients the the more comprehensive answer it ain't cheap.

So um be very very sure that you're ready for. Change and to do whatever it takes to change if you're going to work with me um let's see here. Natalie oh wait. Saul saying thank you for the information insight and.

I'm trying to help someone who had a partial appendix rupture okay. Um start with a transformational. Triad and. Then if you have any form of regression training um you can start regressing the cause and see what's behind that.

But. I would stick with the. Triad for now it's going to be your safest uh uh most userfriendly biggest bang for your buck kind of an approach uh let's see here. Tina.

Murphy. So you have your experience before you can evaluate it surrender is critical yes. Affiliate marketing with. I don't think.

I was holding a grudge. I just don't want it happening again and this is not someone. I want or need in my life okay. Well.

First of all um if you're not holding a grudge that's great. But if you're afraid it's going to happen again that's what we call a safety lesson and. So you need to go in use the transformational. Triad to clean that up tell your unconscious mind that you've learned the lesson and to let those feelings go because when our unconscious mind creates these feelings it's doing it to remind us of what happened.

Last time. So we don't let it happen again and it doesn't trust you to to not do it again without those feelings being present. So when you use the magic frame you go in you say hey. I got the message here's a lesson.

I've preserved it we can let all those feelings go. I know know that. I'm going to be. I'm going to stay safe from this from now on and the unconscious says okay.

I'll believe you this time. Mr. T says would you talk you talked about the energetic dangers of mul. Partners can you elaborate on that yeah their emotional stuff becomes your emotional stuff uh their energetic parasites and thought forms become your energetic parasites and thought forms and vice versa uh you create energetic.

Cor that people can use to access your system and drain your energy and vice versa right. Any connection you make with another human being creates an energetic connection that is non-local and it's kind of think of it like quantum entanglement aside from the actual biological dangers of multiple partners right. You have all this energetic stuff going especially if you're engaging in sexual activity with an understanding of the energetics now it's even more potentially um problematic if you're not real super careful okay. Um let's see here.

V says forgiveness is amazing. I love love love healing yes. Shadja forgiveness is the natural outcome of therapy force and forgiveness isn't working. For.

Itself by itself for. Trum re okay. Um hold on a. Second my my my chat box must be like skipping like whole panels because.

I'm missing. So many questions here. I apologize guys um. So chairman is asking.

David. I'm curious um what inspires you to do the work that you do. I think what inspires me is the need and the desire to be better uh. But not just not just to be better within myself.

But to help everybody else be better too to by their standards to to eliminate to eliminate as much suffering as. I can while at the same time showing people what's possible for themselves and. I include myself in that you know. I'm.

I'm constantly trying to be better today than. I was yesterday trying to make things do things better to have more of an impact uh in this reality in this world and and to expand that reality you know um. I think all of us especially those of you who find yourselves uh in. Planet.

David have something inside of us that yearns and strives to be more do more create more not necessarily have more. I think we all have things that we want on a materialistic side. But when. I say want more.

I'm talking about becoming more fully what we came here to be to self-actualize if that makes any kind of sense and. So. I think that's part of what drives me and the other part is and this is something. I.

I know from from all the analytics. I have all of you are looking for places where you feel safe connected a community that supports and accepts who you are and helps you to be be a better version of yourself um the one thing that. I see of of many things that. I see that that connects all of you uh and me included is a desire to feel like a part of something like we belong somewhere you know and uh.

I certainly didn't foresee the growth of that. Spirit when. I started. But it's amazing to see the the community that we've built and and how we can all take these tools apply them to our lives and make our world a better place starting with ourselves and.

Then expanding that outward that to me is sacred you know and and. So it's kind of why in a lot of ways we start off with very. Primal very fundamental skill sets how to how to get a date how to get a job how to make more money how to get over your and after a a very short amount of time it evolves into okay. How do.

I become more fully. Inc connecting with my high with my higher self my higher power how do. I do these remote influence and energetic these transpersonal things we all kind of evolve and we go through this right. We come in with very practical personal problems that we want to solve we get the solutions and the tools to do that and those tools change us in a very profound way because we become empowered and.

So we start to think about higher things things and and that's the whole point is to is to be complete from that very foundational earth-based energy all the way up to that. Divine aspect of ourselves right. And rediscovering and recovering that. So that we can express and create like we are meant to do wow that came out of nowhere didn't it.

Anyway um hold on a. Second here uh let's see. So. Natalie's asking um what's the most effective way to remote.

View and remote influence there are. So many different approaches to remote viewing and remote influencing um. Sila mind control has uh several approaches to remote viewing uh the late. Dr.

John leret did a a course on ultramind course on remote viewing remote influencing that was really good uh ly. Buchanan has a couple of courses on. Military level remote viewing and remote influencing um. I.

I worked for a short time with the. American. Association of remote viewers. I was in president for a year um and they're all teaching variants of that same um.

Stargate formula. So um farsight. Institute also has uh some remote viewing and astrop projection training program as well. So um.

I think the the thing is to try them all and see which one resonates for you gives you the most accurate results some of the military based programs are extremely rigid um and people who are naturally intuitive and naturally gifted often struggle with those because you have to do things in structure in protocol and a lot of intuitives don't resonate with that they don't they don't like that very much um zura is zuro hollow is asking. I remember you mentioning an experiment regarding three groups of people one who believe themselves to be lucky the. Second group believing themselves to be unlucky yes. Is there a question there zero um lionist is saying my internet is terrible.

I'm. So sorry lionist uh. Z saying could you spand on it or tell us where to find that information. I believe the original study.

I read was in. Psychology today. But this was this had to be at least seven eight 10 years ago um. So.

I would start with. Psychology today um psychological characteristics of lucky people um and see what comes up see here. So sa saying also about the other thing about the appendix my family. M as a family member otherwise.

I wouldn't go out of a. Lim yeah um again. So just use the transformational. Triad and it's either going to work or it's not right.

Um because if they're not willing to do the. Triad. Then they're probably not willing to do any more complex or in-depth interventions which. I don't know your level of training.

So. I don't know that you would ready to do those things. Anyway um. So pyro.

Angel 42. I would like to hear more about energetic dangers of multiple partners. I think. I just talked about that brick.

T saying can you shut down the pain response when doing something stressful like working out or even child labor hypnotically yes. Hypnotically you can shut down just about anything um lahy. Martin says forgiveness 99% saying sorry okay. Forgiveness is the natural outcome of therapy okay.

We've talked about that new being saying thank you. Dr. David your answers are helpful for some reason. I've longed for consult confirmation from others that's normal that's a normally socialized human being the idea that you as a a thinking breathing human being would be completely independent of needing confirmation or corroboration from another the human being is borderline delusional right.

You'll find that the people who are completely self-referential are almost always or ostracized or things of that nature. So. I think it's important to have a balance between knowing in your heart what's right. For you and.

Then having an external check um as as a way to really make sure that you're in. Integrity with yourself lion is saying. I don't like it when forgiveness is jumped to as a way of spiritually bypassing and avoidance we need to go through the stages of morning and. Then forgive or let go.

I was raised in a cult like this okay. Yeah we call those people pathologically peaceful um and there's a lot of people who pay lip service to the word forgiveness without truly going through the process of forgiveness and those are the people who often wind up in my chair if. I had a. I make a joke.

But if. I had a dollar for every person every time somebody sat in my chair and we regress the cause and the. First thing out of their word out of their mouth is. But.

I forgave them for that no. No. You didn't if you forgive we wouldn't be dealing with this right. Now right.

Forgiveness isn't a word it's not you can't just say. I forgive you in in most cases you can't just say. I forgive you and it happens there's a process that goes with that and if you don't understand that process or you have a uh an unrealistic understanding of what forgiveness is and what it entails you can mouth the words all day long and it's just going to it's just going to be another form of denial and that's the problem right. We we use we we use the process of denial.

But we attach. So many different types of labels to it that we don't realize that what we're doing is is denying and stuffing emotions where they shouldn't go let see here. So um. Stephen is asking can you elaborate what boundary effects are and how to use them more efficiently for selfis yeah boundary effects really simple how many of you um by a show of hands have ever gone into a room to get something or picked something up and forgotten why you're there right.

Then you walk out of the room and you suddenly remember it again right. You've just experienced a boundary effect. So boundary effects occur whenever you take somebody from one um visualization or construct move them through some kind of a portal into another visualization or construct the more boundary effects you create the deeper into trans people tend to go and the more they tend to have amnesia for the previous construct. So you you you layer enough boundary effects in there when people wake up they have no.

Freaking clue what happened right. Very very powerful it's a it's it's a very subtle hypnotic technique um. But one that works really really well um even when people think they're wide awake and you you put them through these multiple boundary effects when they come out they like what it compartmentalizes all the experiences. So it's it's really helpful and it's really useful.

I found it to be extremely powerful for people um where's my chat okay. Wow you guys got a lot of questions today holy cow uh. I gotta find a way to make this this print bigger okay. That that works all right.

So let's look. At this um. So. Michael.

Santiago ask what process can you recommend to totally detox any form of energetic garbage that we may have picked up or accumulated from previous sexual [Music] partners okay. So. Michael. I would start with the gry room universal solvent um and.

Then there's a process which. I haven't really taught um to the general public it's called. The. Divine waterfall um there's also a really powerful uh energetic divorce ritual that.

I learned recently that just blew me away these are all things um that we can do to detox uh energetic cord cutting is a really powerful way of detoxing from sexual partners now that when you start cutting cords here's the thing when you start cutting cords don't be surprised if those. X's reach out to you just spontaneously call you or email you or text you or something okay. Because they feel that that loss of energy that that lack that loss of connection that they've been feeding off of and. So they try to get it back.

So just be very aware of that um brick. T is asking. David please explain if any karma is is involved in reincarnation because why do p. Psychopaths and pedos are born who only create s okay.

Where reincarnation concern karma is always involved always involved okay. Um sometimes it's to mitigate. Good. Karma sometimes it's to mitigate.

Bad. Karma some sometimes it's. But it's all lessons right. The universe as a rule doesn't care about.

Good and. Evil it cares about balance it cares about spiritual growth and evolution. So when you come back as a psychopath or a sociopath that's just your level of spiritual growth and understanding and there's something that being that way is going to teach you or or balance in you. So that you can evolve and.

Then maybe. Next time you come back as you know the. Next. Saint or something like it's it's very weird um because we all have a spiritual journey that our soul goes through and we choose um these bodies and and and the the situations that we're born into to to learn certain things right.

Um again there's. So many there's there's no. Based on what. I learned from working with.

Chase. Hughes there's there's really not any pure template for a sociopath or psychopath they come from all walks of life um certainly some of them are are are formed from trauma. But some aren't some are some are born to very nice normal well adjusted parents and they just come in with their wires crossed or or whatever or sometimes just completely not attached let's see here. So.

I hope that helps uh. Chim says. FYI spinning has made it to the. Jungle in.

Peru. I showed some people it at an iasa. Retreat there are probably is indigenous guy spinning a mosquito bite there is probably an indigenous guy spinning a mosquito bite as we speak. I love that oh my.

God that's awesome thank you shamon all right. Lahy. I have a problem being self-motivated when. I'm not mirroring someone.

I forget what the process is quickly with things that are technical walking around as far hard to thinking wants to think okay. Again lah not sure what we're goinging with that in order to function what to do okay. L. I'm not understanding this question sweetie.

I really. I need you to be a little bit more coherent. Anthony. Caruso is it a sign of anything if you find yourself traveling to places at the same time they have extreme weather often you'd have to go you'd have to go into your soul go up to.

God and ask what's what's going on there right. That. I don't have an answer for that. But.

But the. Divine would. So. I would go up to the.

Divine and ask what's going on with that uh lot smart and is saying and simple stuff like okay. I don't know what that means uh lonus says yes. Courting. Sone says thank you again.

L says just color magic okay. Shim says. I've also done spinning while on iasa the visuals were bananas like. Harry.

Potter magic why am. I not surprised all right. Trust the process another question regarding the information. I learned about logical levels recently and that open my eyes.

On a lot of things that. I want to unpack and change we can use them together to make change yes. You can that one of the things that would actually be helpful for you is to take um the patterns from. Renegade reframing write down all of the beliefs you want to change based on the pyramid on.

The. Logical levels of belief write down all your limiting beliefs reframe those beliefs using the 14 patterns and. Then use the information uh process to install better more powerful beliefs let's see here zura energy exchange with multiple partners reminds me of male microchimerism in the human female brain okay. Is there a question there shua if anyone wants to have mobile.

Partners just for the love of. God inform any potential future partners that this is what you want and make sure they are fully happy about that setup otherwise well karma is a right. Uh words create worlds is it possible to talk about creating pleasure. States or orgasms in women well it's possible to talk about anything um right.

Um. I can attest to that about lovers singular or multiple okay. Uh. L.

I've been celibate for almost six years and. I'm still dealing with chords trying to siphon energy and messing with my dream state it can get pretty crazy be careful who you are sexual with um for sure okay. Anthony. Anderson hi.

David thank you for putting yourself myself into action has been difficult for. I've had a little little socialization growing what can. I do to improve. State.

Control in the stage fright. High anxiety moments. First of all decide what you want control your posture control your breathing make movies in your mind of the best possible outcomes and make them really big and really strong notice where in your body you have those feelings breathe them through your body another thing that you can do a lot of times is go get a simple saliva test and have your neurotransmitters checked and make sure you've got a good. Gaba um and serotonin balance because sometimes.

Gaba is basically the hormone that lets us feel safe in uh in environments. So having high levels of oxytocin um and. Gaba in your systems are good ways to put a damper on that fight. ORF flight response um on a more surgical note when.

I say surgical. I mean tactical. Magic. Frame energy spinning color breeding on the source of that that stage fright.

Or high anxiety combined with all the other things. I mentioned and you're going to find us very very significant experience when going out into the society self hypnosis is going to be a great tool for you as well um brick. T is asking how to develop mental resilience to deal with people who want to hurt you in that moment um clean up your. First and foremost clean up your build your own sense of selfworth and self-esteem create very powerful very uh tangible obvious boundaries for yourself and call people on their when um when they when they when they press against those boundaries right.

Uh and understand nobody's coming to save you you have to do it yourself okay. Those are the thing if you if you come from that place right. What. I always tell people is when somebody launches what you perceive as an attack or an assault verbally mentally emotionally.

First thing you want to do is seek to understand before you react. So you can choose how to respond. So when somebody says something that provokes you. First thing you want to do is mentally and physically step back ask for clarification on that communication.

So that what you're interpreting from that from what they what they're they're giving you is actually what they meant because more often than not what you interpret is not what their. M what their what their actual intended communication was and just that one step can tremendously change the. Dynamics of your interactions with people and the amount of time that you feel uh perceive slight or hurt. But we've got to get as a as a population we have to get tougher stop being quite.

So emotionally sensitive or over sensitive right. The more you you're certain of yourself and your wor your own worth in your own mind the harder it is for people to affect you uh budor. SM says why is it too hard to cut cords of someone after a separation because you don't want to give them up you're still attached mentally and emotionally to that relationship and you have to decide that. I'm free you're not healthy for me right.

And a lot of times. U the person with the hardest level of. Separation to make is the person who was broken up with and a lot of times it's not because they actually missed that person it's because the choice of breaking up was not was taken from them. So it's more about.

I'm gonna get that person back. So. I can break up with them and balance the score right. That's actually what's driving a lot of people's desire to get back together and they're not realizing it right.

It's not because they knew a lot of times that the relationship was going bad um. But they were in denial um and usually it it was it's kind of the quit before you get fired kind of an energy right. Uh. So that's a lot of times is why it's hard to give up because it's not about it's it's about the loss of autonomy that you experienced you lost the choice of whether to keep that relationship or not.

So. CH says the response you gave to the inspiration question sounds like oops we just we just jumped where did you go oh here we go uh sounds like you're living the path of the great work well done sir. I consider you one of my greatest mentors well thank you sham appreciate that okay. Um.

I think. I just did elaborate on. Boundary effects. I have tears.

So beautiful. David you're healing emotions thanks for the question you're welcome okay. I think the chat keeps jumping. So.

Anthony. Anderson says awesome thank you. So much self workk has already been a lifechanger in itself sounds like just keep at it yeah the work never stops. Anthony it never stops and every time you think you're done guess what there's a bigger one coming okay.

Can you say boundary effects in the form of. L of course as you naturally pass through that glowing bright. Bright. Uh portal you can realize how wonderful it feels to as that gate passes through you filtering away all the stress all the strain all the less than positive beliefs and memories and experiences and as you move through that portal into that new space and you find yourself moving towards yet another bright.

Shining portal across across from you you can realize just how much more powerfully you're allowing yourself to let go and just completely surrender to that process now okay. So it's it's really simple to do um shomo says. I needed to hear that forgiveness conversation we all need to hear it you're not alone my friend none of us um are an island. Thomas.

H is asking are you going to write a book. In the future yes. I am going to write a book. In the future let's see here.

Thomas is also asking you coming to do live training on the. East. Coast this year um it's entirely possible uh we haven't mapped out the. Last quarter of 2024.

So uh it's entirely possible. I might be on the. East. Coast keep an eye out uh make sure you're on our email list make sure you're subscribing um.

Paul is asking. I also do a thing when. I want to part with someone where. I visualize the energy cords connecting our heart chakras and.

I release them like tentacles letting go on my end and dissolve perfect what are your thoughts on dissolving cords instead of cutting them. I think that's fine new being again as long as the cord is out of your system and back to that person or you reconnect to the. Divine. I think you're good about.

Karma there are people who don't face consequences for killing child oh trust me they may not face the karma when you want them to. But it's coming there's there's always there's always a balancing and a reckoning of the scales it may be. Next life it may be it may happen at a time when they're far far away from you right. But there's always a balance that's happening.

Robert. Cher says. Dr. David my blood sugar drops rapidly when.

I stand or do physical activity. Western medicine can't figure it out well. Robert the. First thing.

I would tell you is go see your doctor and get as much blood work and as as many different tests as unly possible to make sure that there's there's no. Nothing organically that they can do for you. U and. Then.

I would. I would start with transformational. Triad and regress to cause and see where that leads us right. That's that's that would be my basic approach um see here can you see into the ancient history like.

Rudolph. Steiner not yet. But. I know how it's done.

I'm just got to work on it uh this all which. Future. Okay. Sa says.

I try to be upfront and honest. I think it's important to be upfront and honest okay. Um. But remember that you don't you don't you can be upfront about your boundaries.

But you're not obligated to disclose everything about your life to another human being okay. So find that balance okay. Words create worlds. I was wondering what you think about.

Kenrick. Cleveland also if you can please share how to generate pleasure state in multiple orgasms in women wow that's not a big question is it okay. First of all. I think.

Kenrick. I have tremendous tremendous respect for. Kenrick. Cleveland um especially his early early stuff uh.

I learned. So much from. Krick. I still do.

I still study uh the things he puts out um. I just happen to have a a real soft spot for his early work. Max pers uion influential spinning. U magical objection.

Mastery um the. Dark. Side of covert hynosis um those were those were my favorite programs uh and those are the ones that were absolutely pivotal for me uh to become the the word. Smith that.

I am and to really my to led to me for the deep understanding of language that. I. I. I seem to have.

So uh in terms of how to generate pleasure. States in mulle orgasms and women um follow the orgasmic equation remember that orgasm equals desire plus arousal. So if you can generate desire and generate arousal in a woman bringing them to orgasm um is very very easy uh once they've had an orgasm. Then what you want to do is you want to again depending on how you've done it um you need to back off the stimulation to if if you ever get secret orgasm tips you'll hear me talk about something called the on10th rule.

So if you've um stimulated a woman to an orgasm and they tend to get hypers we all get hypers sensitive after an orgasm you have to back off the physical stimulation you give her to about a tenth of what you use initially and you have to change location um and. Then you can start to to to ramp up those feelings again once they start having multiple orgasms now you can can link that sensation you can anchor that sensation and to a trigger word or a specific touch and you can fire those anchors um repeatedly when you're with them to to increase their pleasure and get them there faster there's other ways to do it. But in in this particular. Forum um that's about all.

I can really talk about without completely confusing people. So. Netanyahu will pay eventually we all pay eventually. Susan right.

The. UN the the. Divine sees everything right. But it's not.

So much payment it's about learning burning and balancing okay. Um. We're. All.

Souls we're all lights and we're all part of the. Divine and we come in we inhabit a body we inhabit a a a family uh we take on a certain. Destiny and we have choices that we make along the way and sometimes we cultivate virtues with that sometimes we accumulate less than positive uh debts that we need to balance either in this life or the. Next certainly the more spiritual you are uh the faster those boomerangs come around.

So it's not up to me to say if. Netanyahu will pay. But he will learn. So that's how.

I would do it new being says uh thank you. So much for your service. I think you're amazing thanks also to the lovely. Chatters asking questions you guys are rocking my world.

I missed you um. Susan says. I am also going to spend my mosquito bites when. Tri triamcinolone cream wears off you go girl.

Rick t. What. The. Cutting.

Edge of my research right. Now it's in energetics and energy psychology um also um. I'm doing a deep deep deep dive into advanced neurochemistry and performance enhancement and seeing how those two worlds kind of mesh and blend together um it's really fascinating. But it's it's deep level stuff.

So it's going to be a while before uh before product comes out or we can use that. But. I see the potential for it already um. So.

I'm excited about it wizard. Julian have you figured out how to become an immortal yet yes. But figuring it out versus actually achieving it are two very different things um and that's the whole thing is. I.

I've been lucky enough to be given to access to teachers who have those trainings and those teachings. But reading it in a book. Isn't the same as doing the work and that's where um that's where we have that's where that's where the magic happens literally. So the answer is yes.

I have figured it out have. I done it yet hell. I am a baby at that stuff. But.

I do see the path and. I think in a lot of ways it's it's it's something that we might be able to hack. But. I.

I can't. I can't sure. I certainly won't be able to do it. I be able teaching it until.

I've achieved it myself. So. I'm looking forward to coming to identity by. Design in.

March. I'm looking forward to having you with. Julian uh brick. T says hope you have time to look.

Into biogeometry oh. I've looked into biogeometry. I've been studying um that work that work for about four years now four or five years. So yeah.

I'm very excited about it it's it's on my to to get the full trainings uh is on my to do list. But right. Now. I have.

So many other things ahead of it uh that it just has to wait okay. Can you say stuff about the. Egyptian magic it's related to. B well again it's all about sacred geometry and the and the and lines of energy and force um biogeometry is such a a complicated topic um what.

I would recomend commend for anybody who wants to play with biogeometry if you go to. Amazon. I think it's. Amazon and type in biogeometry signatures there's a coloring book.

That um the. Creator's daughter printed which has all of these mandalas that you can color and put them on your wall and you have ones for the liver and ones for the kidney for brain and stuff like that. I would um. I would get those and experiment and see if you get anything from them and.

Then decide um if you want to start moving down the biogeometry rabbit hole. So. Bob. John says.

I want to supercharge myself progression and healing and eventually teach others and the family how to do the same is the upcoming hypnotherapy training for me. I want to learn self and covert hypnosis um identity by. Design will not teach you covert hypnosis. But it will teach you self hypnosis um if you want covert hypnosis.

Then you want to come into killer influence uh cpi1 defense against the dark arts or. NLP. Ultra in. May is going to be the best it's going to be the motherload of covert hypnosis training.

So uh if you're interested in covert hypnosis come to the. May training bana balker netan yha yes. Okay. Breakthrough mindset says how do you know when you regress to cause that is the actual cause some clients don't believe that's true even if it's just a metaphor they question the validity of it if you have have taught your client the six dynamics of an unconscious response it won't matter what they believe okay.

But you asked the you asked the unconscious mind is this the. First time you ever had that experience or does it feel like. You' had it before. First impression 99 times out of 10 they'll say this is the.

First impression right. I've. I've. I don't think.

I've ever had a client um disbelieve that that was it my. CH my my my expression if you have clients doing that. Then you're probably doing or saying something or not doing or saying something in your pre-t talk and in your consult that is not causing them to have trust in their own unconscious mind and that's why we found the six dynamics of an unconscious response to be. So crucial in helping people get there faster words create world.

I have a simple question can you recap everything you've learned in the. Last 15 years yes. I can it's all the same boom all right. Blute is asking how to deal with one itis.

I don't want to change how. I feel about the girl. But the relationship is not really working if you don't want to change how you feel about the girl what can you change about yourself and feel good about. So that the relationship will work if you want to deal with one itis it's real simple date five other women have sex with at least two or three of them and if you still feel about this one girl the way you currently do.

Then it's probably something you should you should invest more time in in fixing um if you're not willing to change who you are and the relationship isn't working um it's probably not a good relationship for you. So there's there's. So many there's. So many variables in this question that you've asked you know.

But trying to change the other person is usually the hardest part and it's the one that ends up with the most frustration. So you have to decide for yourself what are your boundaries what are you deser what do you feel you deserve what are your values in that relationship and is that person able and willing to satisfy those values for you and are you willing to do the same for her if it isn't you're better off just moving on right. And cutting the cords and and creating that separation. Natalie suiv what are your hypnosis certifications.

I'm in the. Uka um. I've had many hypnosis certifications. I'm not sure what uh what you're asking out of uh.

I don't. I don't certify through any organizations. But my own. I've been a member of many uh.

But at some point. I realized that um in order to be a truly neutral party. I'd either have to belong to every organization or none of them guess which one was cheaper right. Um.

Robin. I'm curious. Dr. Snider when is the.

Next vibrational influence happening that will be h a seminar. I'm doing in. July called unleash the magic within or unleashing the magic within um it'll be a three-day training just one day after uh. Hypno.

Live hypnosis convention you can go to the website and register for that and that will be a deep dive into energetics magic manifestation and hypnosis. So. Thomas is asking with classes teach hypnotherapy to be hypnotist that would be identi you start with in my world. Thomas you start with identity by.

Design uh my thoughts on. Quantum healing codes. I don't think. I'm familiar with it uh new being.

Matthew veto does the echo technique work work well for online conversations. I seem to lose a lot of interest past the. First few questions asked. I would have to okay.

So. First and foremost are we talking about the echo technique. Matthew or are we talking about the three magic questions okay. Um.

I would have to listen to how you're doing the echo technique to understand to diagnose more what's happening my experience with the echo technique has been is when you do it properly they just don't shut up okay. Are you using the master. Echo formula. R to what extent do you need energy cords to feed off and how to get you don't need energy cords to feed off anyone you can connect right.

To the. Divine and get all the energy you'll ever need right. From. Source you don't need to connect with anyone.

But many people do. Renee hoffstead from. New. York.

City hey my friend it's been forever since. I've seen you my. Danish brother from. M good to see you um the chosen one is it possible to use the 14 reframing patterns on myself no.

You can use you can absolutely use them on yourself uh just write write down your beliefs and. Then write down your reframes you think of it like. P. Sudoku or mind game right.

Breakr mind says says thank you uh. Genie outershell. Alchemy. I do.

Cardiology or cardology. I notice that sometimes people follow patterns where they date people of the same birth card it's a pattern they seem to follow and often that's just means that there's a lesson to it absolutely people have patterns all right. Natalie says oops when are you doing hypnosis certification courses uh we have one coming up in. March uh and it's and if you're in the.

UK you can attend virtually it's called identity by. Design uh if you guys want. I will uh post a link for that uh hold on let me find it for you by way thank you all for coming out this has been a lot of fun for me um. I have one day break between my uh my.

Chinese energetic medicine training and my. Buddhist mysticism training and. I can't think of aside from my my biological family. I can't think of a another group of people.

I'd rather spend time with than you guys hi. I'm. Dr. David.

Snider can't that was my video playing on our new web page on a. Second uh uh identity by. Design. So here you go um this will help for those of you who want to do um identity by.

Design it's going to be in. March if you have questions reach out to. Moss and we'll get you on the guest list um let's see. So uh s.

Saul is saying this is great live. David. I may not get a chance to type again he's at work okay. Alana balker the.

Great and. Powerful. Alana the other day when. I closed my eyes.

I saw all kinds of geometric patterns unfolding like a kaleidoscope mostly in purples and whites do you know anything about that phenomenon uh we call them phosphines uh and they're usually um happen when your crown and your. Third eye are very very active um. So that's part of your. Clairvoyant.

Vision kind of opening up and waking up. So just enjoy it. Matthew veto. Echo validate.

Echo they answer the. First questions and rarely answer anything else okay. Remember that. Echo validate.

Echo ask again have them talk about career pleasures and passions um and they will tend to um talk forever okay. Sa this thing. I was going to say about earlier yes. It's great to be in.

Planet. David's. Community we have uh posit. POS.

But practic group of supportive peeps working on self-development and uh self-actualization. Genie outer shell. Alchemy. I was researching my past relationships and it seems.

I keep dating my. Venus cards and they have been such challenging relationships when. I realized why. I stopped attracting that birth card perfect perfect um lah sends me lots of flowers brick teasing anything known as sexual deviancy ofing.

Divine as a as its consent anything known as sexual deviancy according to the. Divine as long as it's consent okay. So the whole idea is it really depends the. Divine doesn't really have a preference as to how you engage in sexual practices as long as it's consensual as long as the two people are engaged in something that they both want and approve of um you're good to go it's when consent becomes an issue that you have you know abuse happening.

So um again. Weir this is gonna sound as some of our more um are more. Orthodox religious religious religiously rigid uh folks as long as the sex is consensual and. I have to be careful here when.

I say the word consensual because we're dealing with two types of consent we're talking about legal consent and volitional consent right. Um for ex and just to be very clear um regardless of what. God says if the law says it's illegal you're going to jail okay. So it's not.

So there are certain age groups that even if they consent to playing to playing they're not legally mature enough old enough to make those decisions. So by definition they have not given consent regardless of the words coming out of their mouth right. Is it a sin in the eyes. Of.

God if they're consenting. I. I'm not. God is it a crime if they're if they give consent.

But they're not yes. So you have to really balance that you have to really understand somebody that question opens up a whole can of worms well the idea of sexual deviancy is really about you know there's no. There's no. Joke it's only kinky the.

First time right. So again that's a very very um charged and very very subjective experience. So you have to balance legal consent versus moral consent when you start playing in those fields. So please share the.

Divine waterfall process and the energetic divorce no. Uh. First of all they're they're very long and they're very intricate processes [Music] um. So this is not the forum for that for those of you that um want to learn those processes uh come to our.

Next uh vibrational influence or unleashing the magic within program. I'm probably going to be teaching one if not both of those processes um at that training um and you need multiple people to do it. So not you don't need multiple people for the. Divine waterfall.

But you need multiple people for the energetic divorce ritual. So there's a little bit more to it um. Saul. Falone says and you holistically integrate.

So many systems from. Eastern and. Western mystery. Traditions to recent modern current science.

NLP hypnosis. Etc. So fascinating and empowering thank you. Saul it's it's very kind of you.

I. I work really hard to to find a truth that works for all of us starting with me because if it doesn't work for me there's no. I'm teaching it to you right. Um.

So. Robin is asking what training is happening pre. Hypno. Thoughts uh.

Robin this year. I am not doing a pre-conference at. Hypno. Thoughts.

I'm. I'm not even teaching during the conference. I'm only doing the three-day unleash the magic within uh postc conference. So if you want more of that go to.

NLP power.com events uh and you can you can register for the unleash the magic training um. Bud. SM says how can we confirm our astral projection experiences if any especially when. I feel my.

Consciousness and well okay. It's it's actually really simple write down when you get back from your astral experience. Journal everything you experienced what you saw where you saw it and. Then either go there yourself or have somebody you know go there and describe what's there it's it's that simple right.

Um. Mar. Matthew says will do thank you. Doctor.

Define healing codes and how to use them. I'll have to look. That up. Tina.

Murphy thank you daveid for spending this time with us you give. So much thank you you're welcome. Tina it's my pleasure it really is. I really.

I really do enjoy you know spending time with you guys you know. However virtually. I would much rather do it in person uh. So please come to our.

Live. Events as much as possible [Music] um see here here lah says when. I'm listening to you and. I'm happy in attention my body has no.

Pain feeling and my brain thinks is this because. I'm interested in healing or. I'm happy here they're not mutually exclusive lah the more happy you are the less pain you tend to be in we um happiness is tends to be a natural analgesic. So the more happy you get the better you feel the better you feel the happier you get all right.

GD outer shell alony thank you for this live. So insightful you're very welcome right. Back at you breakr set what is the meaning of the symbol in the background well that's the. I symbol that we use on the.

NLP power logo it is not the ey of the. Illuminati as some people have written in right. Um see here words create worlds. I don't know why.

But your live streams always cause crashes on my device yeah that's my energy field. I'm sorry about that brother or sister a non-gender specific uh handle. So uh. But yeah my my energy especially after the.

Last eight days is it messes with. I. I. I've killed one this is my spare computer.

I. I literally killed my. First computer uh two days after. I got to the.

Chinese energetic medicine. TR just completely died. So um brick. T says did you learn the.

Divine waterfall from a teacher or no. I learned it from. Dr. Jerry.

Allen [Music]. Johnson how can we look. Through the veil like. Rudolph.

Styler some kind of minute um yes. There are actually a series of meditations that you need to do to open up uh your. Clairvoyant faculties um if you want to start those uh if you get secrets of the. Buddhist.

Mystic by. Dr. Jerry alen. Johnson um there are some pretty powerful meditations path um affiliate marketing withiam says what should process for connecting to the.

Divine uh. I have a process well. I. I started with raiki and.

Then um. I do a process called pulling down the heavens um the 1 through 10 meditation three. Divine invocations. So that's my process okay.

We're uh. I'm. GNA have to jump off in a few minutes. But um.

So outer shell alemy says sounds like you're super knowledgeable about auras do you do human design no. But. I have a lot of my students who are coaches who do human design it's like the science behind. AA is really amazing.

I'm still learning this new being says at s. Falcone. Dr. David.

S. I totally agree thank you yeah um lah says same. I would love to be with. David in the.

David. World soon excellent. I'd love to have you shuja what do you think of twinflame energetic connections like that or it's all. Bs and romanticizing abusive toxic relationships uh.

I have many different thoughts on those things you don't have a twinflame you have twin flames you don't have a soulmate you have soulmates soulmates change as your spiritual. Evolution changes as well soulmate relationships are all about spiritual growth and evolution not about completing you you're already complete okay. So this romanticized idea of what a soulmate is or a twin flame is um if you get into the the inner mysteries of what that act what's actually going on there it's not what you think okay. Uh.

Natalie says can. I put. M's details up you can reach us at the office 858 282 4663 oops that's one 858 282 4663 you can talk to. Moss.

NLP power.com. Oria. NLP power.com by the way if you didn't know there's a how to reprogram your subconscious mind replay web wear replay and the uh bonus package is going to be available you might want to check into that um. So you can come to some of the um the live events at a really good price um see here.

U blue why do girls say they want a man that is honest and kind. But they end up dating jerks because jerks are exciting that that's. I'm going to just cut through the they're exciting uh brick. T why did your doctor who you learn from get this info to teach it um seafu.

Johnson is a. Dost an. Abbot in the. OR.

Bishop. Abbot something like that in dosm. Buddhism and. Christian mysticism as well as being the lead world's leading.

Authority on. Chinese medical. Chon uh de. Mar says are you in.

California yes. I am and uh brick he learned directly in. China as well as having some amazing teachers here in the states. Sarah says thank you.

David lots of love lots of love back. Sarah. Brick. T what about the inner mysteries of twinflame.

David uh come to um our finding the love you want 3-day virtual intensive we'll talk a little bit more about that guys. I got a run. I want to thank you all. So much uh for hanging out and spending time with me this has been one of the best uses of a uh uh a.

Monday afternoon that. I spent in a while and uh. I will see you guys all very soon make sure you jump on tonight's live stream for the the secrets of how to reprogram the subconscious mind webinar it's not live. But you get some good stuff and you can start applying those things right.

Away. Anyway. I love you all talk to you soon have a great.
