Title: dETrMQfGyzY.txt
Video Id: dETrMQfGyzY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dETrMQfGyzY

Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David. Snider here and welcome to face reading for.

Fun and. Profit over the. Next two and a half to three hours. I'm going to be your guide through one of the most fascinating and useful skills that you will ever discover.

But before. I get into uh the body of tonight's content which is obviously because of the content is going to be somewhat visual heavy uh. I do want to take some time to get to know you guys a little better and and kind of give you a little bit of background on what exactly we're going to be doing uh today. So one of the things that um.

I want you to understand is today is all about giving you powerful actionable useful information information that you can take out into the world and begin using right. Away to make your life exactly what you want it to be uh. I've been studying. Behavioral.

Science and applications for most of my adult life um usually and mostly a lot of that was because of some horrendous experiences. I had as a child learning with a lack of social skills and overly sensitive nervous system um. I was uh the target of a lot of bullying and picking on growing up and uh. I became obsessed very very early on in being able to size people up to figure out you know who can.

I trust who can. I not trust who's most likely trying to manipulate me or use me um who is somebody that. I can uh. I can bond with.

I can connect with it. I can trust. So these were things that motivated me very very early on um to overcome problems that. I was having and.

So a lot of us are fascinated with personality we're fascinated with behavior we're fascinated with why we do the things we do and how we can begin to to change those things in a much in a powerful organic way um to me face reading has been um a godsent now prior to me learning face reading. I was was big into handwriting analysis and one of the things. I discovered as. I kind of compared the two disciplines was how much they have in common.

So before we get into the meet of tonight which is all about discovering how people think feel and behave how to read the repressed emotions on people's faces uh how to influence and persuade people using that knowledge and information and even to begin to in such places like business sexual and romantic compatibility much much more one of the things. I want to do is. I want to kind of give you a little bit of a preface if. I can about what to expect tonight and and and how things work.

So. First and foremost um if you are a newbie to. Planet. David.

I want you to go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and say. First time uh in go ahead and type that in the chat those of you joining us through. YouTube. I know a lot of you are um you were on here like 45 minutes ago uh just chomping at the bit to get into the the meet of tonight's training and.

I'm happy to do that. But. I want us to kind of lay the groundwork. First.

So we have tattiana a first- timer we have. Sarah and welcome. Nicole. First time from.

Rhode. Island excellent excellent excellent um. Lee from. Texas welcome my friend welcome all right.

And for those of uh there's. Mike and we've got mad coming in lots of good names are flooding in. So a couple of things as we go through the the content of tonight's webinar you don't have to believe. I don't.

I'm going to give you a few caveats um we're going to go over some a few principles and. Then we're going to get into into the bulk of the training for and tonight is a training okay. Um if you're used to the classical types of webinars where you log on and people tease you with stuff for 90 minutes and. Then say if you want all the answers to those questions buy my million-dollar product right.

Um you're probably gonna be a little bit like what's going on here why is he why is he giving us all this stuff away for free it's because. I think it's important that people be able to experience the power of something thing before they decide to to jump in further and if this is the scope of everything that there is to know in the. Art and. Science of of face reading and it is.

Art and it is science um we have time for this much. So what. I'm going to do tonight is. I'm going to.

Endeavor to take you as deep down this. Rabbit. Hole as humanly possible. I'm going to teach you the fundamentals the basics the things that to me uh when.

I beca when. I came into this study gave me the biggest um bang for my buck in term terms of applicability right. Because it's a ma face reading is a massive ocean right. So uh where to start you're.

GNA have questions now there's three ways to get your questions answered on tonight's webinar a type it in the chat right. Obviously um if the question you're asking is relevant to where we are in the in the webinar class tonight. Then. I will be happy to answer those questions right.

Then right. There um as you can see there's lots of people because we're we're stream we're actually streaming this to about six different platforms. So. I see chats like you would not believe right.

There's a lot of chat going on things are flying by if. I don't see your question keep asking it if after five or six times of you typing the chat in it's still not being answered. Then you have two other choices as to how to proceed with getting your question answered a my uh where are my veterans those of you in. Planet.

David who have been around for five six seven months or longer who've been using this material go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been in. Planet. David uh. So our our new people can can meet you and and and figure out who you are go ahead and do that now if you haven't figured it out.

I am a uh when. I teach classes. I am extremely big on interactiveness okay. And that's how you're going to get the biggest bang for your buck out of tonight's webinar there's going to be things that.

I'm going to ask you to do there's going to be times. I'm going to ask you to get out a piece of paper and a pencil. I'm going to have to write things down the more you actually get up and do these drills and follow along with the program the more powerfully you'll experience these things and that's that's the goal you see if. I just throw information at you yeah you've learned something and you get a little bit of a dopamine rush.

But. I haven't empowered you in any way. But if. I give you an experience if.

I give you like you started the webinar one way and now you're the world is different because of the drill. Then. I've given you an experience that will open doors for you and that's that's my goal okay. Now for those of you for my veterans you're going to be my assistants tonight if if you see people asking the same question in the chat and.

I'm not answering it. But you have a direct experience answering that question. Then. I would ask that you reach out to that person through the chat or private message or whatever service you have available and give them the answer to that question.

But only only do that if you've actually used our. Technologies to fix or solve that that problem does that make sense if that if that's if that's cool type that in the chat uh new people if if if you're okay. With that type that's that's cool with me in the chat okay. The final way to get your questions answered and this is the one that um where you get a direct answer from me all the time if um by the end of the the webinar you have questions that.

I haven't answered there will always whenever. I do a webinar unless. I say otherwise there will always be a replay and. YouTube is going to make the this replay available to you probably within 20 to 30 minutes um after after we log off and you're going to want to stay on all the way till the end of tonight's webinar because we do have offers connected to this training.

So if you decide that this is something that can give you an extreme level of. Leverage in your life which by the way. I've met very few things in the world that can give you the kind of. Leverage in any social business romantic or legal situation than face reading um the closest thing being or the only thing maybe even more powerful than face reading or as powerful is the the hypnotic principles and the influence principles that we teach when you put them together uh you get a hold that's greater than the sum of the parts you can look.

At people and instantly know what buttons to press what buttons to avoid um how to be who to be in that situation. So that the person you're you're seeking to influence responds to you in the way that's most favor to you getting what you want and tonight really is about you getting what you want. So at the end of this webinar tonight when the replay goes live go to the comment section and if there's a question we haven't answered all you really need to do is just uh type your question in there and. I.

I like. I said. I make it a practice uh five six times a day many times. I go through back through the comments and questions in our.

YouTube channel and. I go out there to uh and. I physically answer them and if. I have the answer.

I'll tell you if. I don't. I'll tell you that too. So let's talk about uh other things.

First of all uh if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours my goal is never to offend anyone.

But um my my presentation style can be a bit provocative and quite frankly. I love being. Politically. Incorrect.

I love you know giving a little shock effect right. Um and it and it's and it's worked for me from a from a therapeu standpoint uh for many many years. But one of the things. I want to encourage you if something.

I do say uh does create a an over-the-top emotional response in you. I want you to do a couple of things. First and foremost realize that there's something there that needs exploration point to where you feel it and um if we have time. I'll show you a couple of techniques at the end of the webinar that you can use to just resolve those negative emotions and those limiting beliefs and things of that nature okay.

It's all about experience it's all about empowerment now tonight's webinar is going to come to you in three phases the. First phase is the foundation phase this is where we we show you in as as direct a way as possible the fundamentals of how to read faces what we look. For from an influenc persuasion and often uh behavioral profiling perspective uh understand that the the behavior and personality side of face reading is this in a spectrum that's like this uh this the particular system that. I'm sharing with you is actually derived from medical face reading from.

Chinese medicine and. So this is the exact same system that we would use to diagnose uh your heart your liver your kidney your stomach your spleen um and there are there are charts and graphs for that. But each of those areas of the face also has emotions linked to it through the. Chinese.

Medical. Systems now what's interesting is a lot of the moderns because of. Big. Data because of these quantum computers that we have have now we can we can uh begin to explore a lot of different facial traits and using these big data computers actually start to see correlations between hormonal.

Pathways behavioral. Tendencies and things of that nature. So there are actually there's a lot more harder science coming out that these facial characteristics actually tend to um be quite consistent in certain personality types okay. So one of the other things.

I want to kind of um preface is that there is a difference between what we call microexpression training and what we'll be doing tonight um they're very complimentary to each other. But what we're going to be doing we can look. At micro. Expressions as something called active profiling in other words when you're looking at micro.

Expressions they happen in the. Moment. Like. A a quick or you know these quick little eyebrow flashes or uh droppings or liftings of the the muscles around the mouth or near the eyes.

These are signs of people who are actively trying to repress or mask emotions okay. Very very useful takes a bit more actually takes a significant amount of training to be able to spot those things and use them on a consistent basis. I call that active profiling and in our like our defense against the dark arts class or um our behavioral influence classes like um. NLP.

Ultra which is coming up in. I think. May we'll be talking about those kinds of body language reading tactics. So now is about something we call passive profiling now when.

I say passive. I don't mean it's nothing's happening. But if you think of going 20 years doing doing things like this or or like this or this right. What you're going to see when we start looking at the face in different zones and different features is the is the the accumulation of a lifetime of emotional responses and because everything we do follows patterns and you begin you can begin to understand where certain patterns of emotion manifest on the face you can learn to look.

At people's uh relative sizes of their face and begin to determine things about them that are useful and true enough to be true out in the real world that you have a distinct advantage in relating to those people okay. Um are you guys with me. So far if you're with me. So far go ahead and type that in the chat cool.

I love the thumbs up guys thank you excellent excellent excent let me just look. At how many people we got here okay. Good good good good all right. So part one of tonight's webinar is going to be fundamentals it's going to be some writing exercises it's going to be uh giving you an experience of what we call the emotional.

V the emotional motivation checklist this is something that. I want you um as a citizen of. Planet. David to really start to embrace everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of the maps that you're going to see tonight are kind of like the log or the journal entries of those emotions one of the things you'll start to be able to do if you decide to pursue face reading um.

Beyond just a a passing interest you start to applying this to your coaching business or your therapy business or your your managing style or your your um you know uh counseling. I you know sales things of that nature one of the things you'll start to be able to do is you'll be able to start to unpack the emotions that people have repressed and have been suppressed and you'll be able to help them clear those things and you can start by doing that with yourself and every morning when. I get up you know after. I've re.

I've hydrated and stuff like that. I go right. To the right. To the mirror and.

I start reading my own face. I start okay. I need to. I need to work on my digestion or oh okay.

I've got some sadness that. I haven't fully resolved yet or there's some disappointment that. I need to unpack pack and attack things of that nature. So this is a great great tool to really check in at any given moment on the state of your physical mental and emotional health if it's to something you decide that you want to go further part two of our webinar is going to be what we call.

Next steps okay. So uh. Next steps is okay. You've you've learned some fundamentals you have some things you can take out into the world and use.

But. I want the whole shitbang. I want to know how to level up and and go into the the professional grade training for that. So part two is all about how you can do that we put some packages and things together that will allow you in your own way to to move forward part three is where things get really cool part three is where we.

Circle back to the foundations we laid in part one and what we do there is we literally customize the content of tonight's webinar to the specific applications that you as a group want to focus in on do you want to focus in on lie detection do you want to focus in on sexual and romantic compatibility do you want to focus in on decision making strategies you know do you want to focus on um how to find self sabotage or um sadness or grief in the face things of that nature right. That's where we can really start to take the the pre-planned content and mold it and customize it to the exact applications that that you want to have now does that sound like a a pretty cool um itinerary for tonight if you if you like that if you're okay. With that go ahead and type that in the chat excellent. So.

Courtney says that sounds amazing very very good all right. So the question. I guess becomes for those of you who don't know who. I am is who is.

Dr. David. Snider and why should. I care right.

First of all. I am in fact a doctor of of acupuncture and. Oriental medicine in fact. I'm actually working on a.

Second doctorate in. Chinese medical chiong um which to me is like vibrational energetic. Psychotherapy which is what. I called face reading for many many years.

I considered it a vibrational form of psychotherapy. So think of this what you're learning as a visual a visual form of energy psychology because that's really what it is and um and if people have questions about energetics and. Chong. I'm happy to answer those things as long as this relevant to the webinar right.

Um. So where was. I going with this okay. Um.

I had. I've. I've uh since 2005. I've had a practice here in salana.

Beach. California where my fys my my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is the result of repressed emotion like some people when they learn. NLP and hypnosis they go for weight loss they go for smoke cessation things of that nature almost from the day. I.

I opened my doors everything. I did was off medical referrals we started with chronic pain and. Then we went into terminal and chronic illness uh any form of post-traumatic stress disorder uh that you can imagine everything from active. Shooters child abuse cult abuse domestic abuse.

I've worked with homicide detectives. I work with. DEA people. I've worked with behavioral other behavioral profilers to clear their own stuff right.

So. I've had. I have a very. I had a very busy very thriving practice and these skills have been some of the most powerful and useful skills in helping people get the life they want the way that they want it and that's kind of what.

I want to make sure that you guys do today. I'm going to share my screen with you a little bit. I'm not big on on. PowerPoints.

But. I know especially for this one that uh we need we need visual. So um let me just share my screen with you really really quickly some other things you might want to know if you don't know already is that for the. Last seven years.

I've been in the. I've been one of the top two. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus. org um and. So.

I have. I've. I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from hypnotherapy trainings to behavioral influence to energetic and vibrational healing things of that nature um what you see here is a letter from. Global gurus. org.

I'm the creator of a program known as killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis and killer influence defense against the dark arts and this is a letter saying from. Global gurus that uh my programs killer both of my killer influence programs were named the top. NLP training programs in the year of the year since from 2020 to 2023 is actually um an older letter um and there you can see um the ranking system and things of that nature from some of these different things this is from 2023. So a lot of the material that you're going to learn tonight uh is included in my.

NLP training program. But also when we teach our face reading we also incorporate a lot of our. NLP into our face reading. So that we can begin to actually help the people that were reading.

So. I just want you to understand a little bit of where we come from this is a bit of my martial arts background some of my energy work um and one of the things that that people often ask when they when they see this laundry list is um okay. So what does all this have to do with face reading well. I think you can start to.

Intuit a little bit how some of it has to do with face reading. But one of the things that that face reading teaches us or or is um that all these disciplines have in common is the ability to do one thing and that's recognize patterns patterns of facial and muscular movement patterns of emotional repression patterns of decisionmaking um patterns of thought pattern patterns of speech patterns of movement human beings are just nested patterns and strategies and programs running and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can rapidly decipher those patterns and create predictable um changes in people right. And since we're on the subject of creating changes let's talk about are you in the right.

Place tonight right. Are you in is is this the right. Place for you to spend the. Next couple hours.

So here's the deal let's play a little game if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions. Then you're in the right. Place okay.

How many of you by show of hands in the chat would like to be more attractive to members of the opposite sex or even the same sex how many of you would like to have them find you more. Charming attractive fascinating and irresistible what if you could be the most let me ask you a simple question what if you could literally be the most fascinating person in the room everywhere you went would that be a useful skill to have because that's on the that's on the agenda for tonight that's where you're going if you adopt even one of the charts that. I'm going to share with you tonight people will not leave you alone now. I will warn you.

I will warn you this is a double-edged sword because if you really embody and you you internalize the training from tonight you kind of can't turn it off. So you're going to start to see things in people that some will some will be like a hell yes. And others will be like hell no. Right.

If you'd like to banish the uncertainty out of your life if you'd like to start to to to stop being afraid and stop being and feeling less secure and be more confident in your interactions with people if that's something you'd like more of go ahead and type that's for me in the chat okay. If you're interested in actually earning more money either through promotions or uh creating your own business or or adding another. Revenue stream to to your existing business go ahead and type that in the chat that's on the to-do list too if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from the the dark artists of the world the manipulators the. Liars the cheaters the.

Scoundrels the narcissists the machiavellians all those other uh evil persuasion. Masters out there this is probably a good place for you now one of the things. I will tell you up front is that there's very few traits individually that can signal someone who's high on the narcissistic. Spectrum.

But there are certain trait combinations that can indicate someone who has a higher potential for those kinds of behaviors and we'll talk about those a little bit in part three of the webinar um if you'd like to have people following your lead thinking and feeling and action and just naturally doing what you want them to do go ahead and type. I want that in the chat and. I'll tell you why that's true you see one of the things that happens when you demonstrate knowledge about a person that they didn't give you they start to become hyper suggestible to you if you how many if you've ever gone to like a psychic now. I'm not saying this is not psychic reading this is this is from 25 years of observational science.

But one of the things if you've ever seen people who go to like a faith um a spiritual counselor or uh a psychic or an astrologer and they're that that person is like hanging in on every word that comes out of that reader's mouth how many people have have ever seen that maybe you maybe you've done it maybe maybe you've been with somebody else who was going through that kind of um experience if you have go ahead and type that in the chat because. I want to explain that to you because it's really really important to understand how this works okay. One of the things that happens it's a psych it's a psychological principle that anytime you demon demate knowledge about somebody or somebody's world that they didn't give you they subconsciously begin to view you as an authority figure in their life and they become hypers suggestible to you all right. Rob says ask a single question folks can't help telling the lecture yeah right.

I once was at a. I was at a mentalism show once and this girl came up out of a girl girl was actually to volunteer out of the audience and. The. Mentalist did a couple of tricks and the.

Next words out of her mouth was. I love you like she just lost it right. Um and. So one of the things.

I got to warn you about what you're going to be getting what you're getting tonight is that it's real and the the effects that it has when you use it on people are very very powerful. So. I want to encourage you to use this to improve your life and to other people. But do your best to avoid using it as a weapon right.

Because one of the things you're going to be able to do is you're going to be able to look. At people and you're going to know how much sadness they're holding on to how much anger how much disappointment how much bitterness how much grief how skeptical they are and if you lose your temper it's it's very easy to use that in a in a less than positive way and because people become hypers suggestible to you it's very easy to give them suggestions and have them actually accept it as true now that's a superpower and. I'm not saying and again. I guess.

I'm guess. I'm going back to the old um the old expression uh from. Spider-Man with great power comes great responsibility right. So.

I want to encourage you to to use this to improve your life. But as we go through these different things understand that face reading can do all of that and a whole lot more right. But be respectful with the with the technology because you're going to be have you're going to have the ability to literally just speedread people um from just the things we're going to cover tonight. So if you'd like to nail more job interviews if you'd like to inspire your employees or your children or your spouse to do more stuff and follow your lead and manage them better go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like to attract and surround yourself with lots of new trustworthy loyal friends who actually resonate with you go ahead and type that in the chat right.

I think. I've mentioned if you want to be able to put people under your spell that's actually quite doable right. All right. So let me ask you a question before we go any further is there anything that.

I did not mention that you want to learn tonight if there is type it in the chat go ahead and just if if there's something. I missed go ahead and type that in the chat right. Now. Courtney saysi don't know what to ask yet.

I'll hold okay. So here's my promise to you if you stay on until the end of tonight's webinar. I'm going to teach you how to look. At a person and understand their personality and their temperament how they make decisions and how you can take the the facial structures of a person and give them information that is in harmony with how they naturally process and what's important to them.

I'm going to teach you how to look. At people and track and understand understand their trauma history in other words um what happened when they were five what happened when they were seven when were their siblings born um did they have a uh did they have problems during childb birth right. Um did they have are they do they have father or or or sibling issues things of that nature we can look. At people and we can start to gauge romantic and sexual compatibility what features do people have in common what features are antagonistic to each other right.

Um and how and how to use those those things to effectively influence people. But also perhaps primarily important is to understand them better. So you can have better relationships both within yourself and within your family read the stock market well that. I'm not sure.

I can do the fa if the stock market had a face maybe. I could do something let's see what's going on here uh snow. Al is asking can we learn how to spot personality types um in the sense of the. Chinese.

Five. Element system which is where this original content was derived from it is possible to look. At and type people by water fire earth um when. I created my programs.

I looked for information that was specifically relevant to personality and temperament uh and. So that's the emphasis of the content tonight. But. I have whole other trainings that are devoted specifically to.

Five. Element profiling um the content tonight you don't need to know anything about. Chinese medicine you don't need to you don't know you need to know the difference between. Ching jingqi or.

Shen uh an acupuncture point from an acupuncture. Meridian a. Yin from a. Yang you don't need to know any of that you just need to follow the follow the the the system and you'll gain a very very rapid ability to profile people's decision-making strategies emotional content um public and private masks or social masks and you'll be able to use those things to effectively influence them to do what you want them to do um how do.

I use the techniques on all your videos over the phone well you have to listen right. Um. So much of our phone work is actually still has a visual component to it not directly relevant. Judy to to where we're going tonight.

But if. I can fit that in. I will uh. Barbara is saying.

I'd like to know how to mend a relationship with a group that. I've alienated with stress caused negativity okay. Again that's probably some content for the end zone of tonight's webinar okay. So let's talk about one of the.

First things that that jumped out at me when when. I started learning to read faces one of the. First things that my teacher my teacher was a woman named. Lillian.

Bridges and she at the time was the world's leading. Authority on face reading and. Chinese medicine and she was she was. So good at what she did that both the.

CIA and. I think one other uh three-letter agency from another country was actively trying to recruit her to teach their operatives how to read faces um now. Lilian was very very spiritual um she was very heart-c centered she was very big on the integrity and the the proper use of of her family art and. So uh in spite of the fact that her father wasn't actually a.

CIA spy she chose to not uh teach uh those agencies what we're about to go and teach you tonight. But. I want you to understand that this this is this is the real deal um and it comes from a very very old lineage. So.

I'm very very honored to be representing that lineage and of the teachers that. I've had uh. So let's talk about a basic question what if we could look. At somebody and instinctively know how they make decisions what if we could look.

At somebody and say okay. That guy. I need to give him a ton of research a ton of spreadsheets. I need to.

I need to tell him all the reasons why he's going to look. Or she's going to love it and. Then. I need to um show them the actual applications that person over there they need to know what that they're going to love this how it's going to help them and.

Then. I got to give them the data to support it you understand that do you understand what. I'm saying is. I could look.

At somebody and know how do. I give them the information or how are they going to move through the world what how do they make their decisions would that be useful type that in the chat if you think that might be useful okay. Good all right. So with your permission.

I'd like to start there um with what we call decisionmaking shapes now this goes back to a concept we call uh understanding shapes of the face or the three zones of the face. So let me go to my screen shot share here okay. So can you guys see this picture okay. Hold on let me see if.

I can make this little a little bit bigger can you guys see that okay. Yes. Or yes. As.

T harveer would say excellent okay. So if you as you look. At this uh particular diagram you'll notice that the face is divided up into three zones and this was one of the very. First things that got my attention uh in face reading because.

I be honest with you. I'm a. I'm a bit of a skeptic in a lot of ways in fact when. I decided to study.

Oriental medicine. I went to. I went to. I.

I chose the medical school that had the highest degree of science behind it it was actually a. Chiropractic. College that was. Act was actually uh had just started its own.

College of. Oriental medicine it was the only um it was the only. Acupuncture school with its own cadavra lab that's how sciency. I wanted to get and when.

I went to the seminar the very. First uh seminar where. I learned face reading. I was going in there with this really skeptical okay.

What's the science what's the um you know how do. I know this is real and. So you know when when when lilan was talking about. Jing and.

Chi and. Shen and yin and yang and all these things. I. I.

I acknowledged that. But. I didn't really it didn't really resonate with me. I it wasn't something that.

I could just grab a hold of and use. So you know you'll see that you'll see here on the chart it says heaven and human and. Earth and that really wasn't really helpful that's not helpful for us. But what we can say is is we can look.

At this this diagram and we can say that people with a. Zone that's much larger from here to here are very datadriven people who have uh who with the middle of their face are is bigger here these people are very pragmatic they want to know what can. I do with this what's it what this. G what's this going to do for me okay.

Let's say we'll say they're we'll call them pragmatists right. Oops sorry about that and let let me erase this really quick as you can tell it's completely live no. Automation here erase that okay. People with a lower.

Zone um what is going on with this thing now it's all the energy work. I'm doing it always messes with my my software people okay. People with a much larger lower. Zone these people tend to be a little bit more feeling driven they tend to be emotional or instinctive.

So people with with a very large lower. Zone tend to go with their gut. So the way that you begin to measure this and this is how. I was taught is when we look.

At this the upper. Zone we want to measure from the base of the eyebrow to the top of the head now. I'll be honest with you um that's how. I was taught and.

So that's how. I'm teaching you one of the things that. I also found really really useful really really helpful was to measure from the base of the eyebrow to the hairline that's a a a a personal thing my teacher taught me to go from the top of the head to the eyebrow to measure this upper zone now when you see people with large upper zones like this they have they're they're the proverbial egg heads and. I don't mean that in a negative way if you look.

At my head for example. I have a significantly large upper zone right. And. My.

Little. Radical. Widows. Peak here makes it look.

Even bigger uh. So. I'm very data driven. But.

I'm also pathologically pragmatic. I. I data is cool. But if.

I can't use it. I don't love it right. And when we look. At these zones one of the things that.

I want you to start to think of is what's the order in other words as. I look. At these zones what's the big one what's. Second biggest what's the smallest right.

Because um in. NLP we have what we call modalities. Visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory and it became very very fashionable when people were studying. NLP to say oh.

I'm a visual person or. I'm a kinesthetic person or. I'm an auditory person and it's not true what it what what you're you're all of them the difference is you have a preference right. It's easier for me to get your attention and this is the big one get and keep your attention if.

I start with what is your favorite or preferred way of relating to the world. But that doesn't mean you don't use the other like going from a visual if you're a visual person and. I start relating to words. I want you to see this.

I think you're going to love this and you're gonna be able to see really clearly how it's going to help you create a much brighter more uh three-dimensional uh result for yourself right. Um if. I'm using those visual words and they're a visual person. I'm going to get and keep their attention easier the same thing works with these zones if.

I'm looking at somebody and. I see they have a very high forehead compared to the other three zones. Then what that tells me right. Off the bat that is that this person is going to be impressed and and be most attentive to data to in to information my good friend.

Brandon who is uh uh. We've. ALS we kind of sort of become. Partners over the years you know um unofficially and uh.

I love. Brandon to death he he literally brought. NLP power back from the brink of. Extinction on a technological side many many years ago um.

But the thing about. Brandon is that he is an. Uber programmer right. And he loves data and.

So every time. I talk to. Brandon he's he's got like he's got this massive forehead and this little tiny chin and. So every time.

I talk to him about something he answers me with a spreadsheet right. Because that's how he relates to the world through data and numbers and and extrapolating on that data and. Then he decides how to use it and. Then he implements and.

Then he he looks at the data and says oh. I love that right. But does that mean that. Brandon's only datadriven does that mean.

I can't communicate practical uses to him well no. It doesn't mean that at all it just means that if. I want to get to to the point where he's willing to listen or hear the. Practical applications of something or or entertain those possibilities he's got to see the data.

First in order to get to the pragmatic side or to him loving the data or loving loving everything. I need to start. I need to feed him information are you guys with. So far.

So it's not when you see this big high forehead he's all that works is data there's a there's a firing sequence to their decision-making process that is indicated there's a tendency or a predisposition to making decisions in a certain way based on the relative size of these zones does that make sense if if you're with me. So far type that in the chat okay. So let's go back to my the. PowerPoint and look.

At this again again hold on a. Second all right. So we've covered the data. Zone the pragmatists of the world if we look.

At somebody and we see that they have this really big middle. Zone here right. And it's bigger than the rest this person is not going to be impressed by data they're not going to be they're not if you tell them listen let me tell you something we got this amazing new product you're absolutely going to love it right. And.

Then you spew the data at them they're going to look. At you and say. So what how can. I use this what's it going to do for me um there's a.

I'm not even gonna say it here one of my one of my more colorful colleagues from the attraction and seduction worlds um used to say when people would spew information at him how is that going to get me more bleep bleep bleep and. I'll let you fill in the gaps with that right. So people with a larger middle. Zone they want to know what's this going to do for me how's this going to make my life easier right.

And. Then depending on what the other the relative size of the other two zones are you may have to tell them how much they're going to love it or or or or get them to to tap into their instinct or their guts or you need to give the data that supports it. But the idea here is you got to lead with the. Practical benefits and application that's what's going to get their attention right.

So uh and. Then. Finally of course we look. At the.

Third. Zone down here these are people who are very very very instinctive they're gut driven they're emotional now what's cool about this remember. I. I talked about handwriting um a little bit earlier one of the things that you'll learn if you studied any form of graph analysis if you look.

At there are three zones in handwriting the upper zone is what they call the metaphysical. Zone and when by metaphysical they don't mean necessarily spiritual or magical or energetic or woo woo although that's that's part of it people with a much larger upper. Zone in their handwriting are very abstract thinkers they're they love to think they love data they love knowledge they love information they're they're they knowledge hoarders and that correlates directly to what we see in the forehead and and the relativity of the upper zone is that there's this direct correlation between the zones in their handwriting which is a neurological phenomenon versus what the physiognomy or the sematic components are saying now what's interesting and you'll and again you don't have to believe this. But uh how many how many of my face reading practitioners do.

I have on tonight's call if you're if you're certified face reader from me or from. Lillian or or one of her teachers type me in the chat because. I. I wanna.

I want you. I want the the new folks uh to see the ex to see if. So we have uh. Matthews there um.

I know. Heather was on earlier right. How many of you have ever been doing a reading on somebody and their face changed right. In front of you because you unpacked and fix something.

Susan says right. This is where it gets freaking weird guys remember. I said that face reading is a form of. Chinese energetic.

Psychotherapy if you actually start to unpack a feature that marking will change. So one of the things that happens over time is based on your environment based on your interactions based on the things that happen to you in your life your face will actually reflect those changes right. So when we look. At at this if you feel like you're too impulsive maybe you've got a big strong jaw down here and that causes you to make some instinctive or impulsive decisions if you actively change that behavior and start focusing more on data or focusing more on practical applications on a conscious level these relative proportions will actually start to change it's really cool right.

Uh in fact in in the. Chinese medical. Chiang uh training that. I'm going for now uh one of our teachers is doing a class called functional.

Alchemy and there's actually exercises that we give people to change their physiognomy and as a byproduct of changing that physiognomy their their behavioral components their behavioral traits their willpower their willfulness their stubborn they all change it's all interconnected right. So this is where it gets really interesting. So when we look. At these relative zones what we want to do is we want to okay.

What's their dominant one and what where do the other two fall in. So if we go back to the. P to the to the. PowerPoint uh down here what's.

I call this their firing sequence what's their. U let me let me get back to my cursor here what's their firing sequence right. Are they a one two three in other words do they look. At the data and.

Then decide how they're going to use it and. Then decide they love it or are they a 321 do they decide they love something think about all the data and. Then look. At all the applications right.

Or are they a one are they uh something different are they somebody who's going to ask okay. How am. I going to use this what's the data that supports it and do. I love it how do.

I feel about it right. What. I want you guys to start extrapolating from this is the firing sequence because if you can extrapolate somebody's firing sequence. Then you know exactly how to structure your presentation how to give people the information that they are predisposed to want to accept and consumed.

First okay. Uh. Courtney says haha. I can see my sequence rolling on the floor laughing boom there you are right.

Right. So again this starts with you right. If your decision-making strategy um is you know uh what you know that and if it's working for you keep it. But if you see that these zones line up with how you do things.

But it's not working for you now you know how to change it you can literally write on a piece of paper a different strategy and consciously practice that strategy and if you do it long enough over time the face will start to change it's really it's it's it's fascinating. I mean. I've been doing this a long time now and it's still amazing to watch okay. Is this useful is this helpful is this something you can take out into the world and and and put to work for yourself yes.

Or yes. Cool all right. Excellent. So let's ask let's start with another question um how many of you people are here are fascinated by.

Behavior or fascinated by how to how to read people is that something something that is is is exciting for you uh. David is ask or. David is asking do. Legions pimple at your corresponding areas indicate corresponding problems with that mental portion it can it can um pimples lesions things of that nature are almost always more indicative of uh something that's going on in the physiology of the body uh not quite as much the psychology of the body when.

I look. At people's um markings. I see a lot more related to relating to um wrinkles and lines and depressions and scars moles and and and and things of that nature lesions and pimples tend to be a little bit more transient. So they're more through what we call the chi level unless they've been around for a long time and.

Then they're a little bit deeper okay. Uh let me go back to forgive me for a moment because for some mysterious reason um. I can't seem to my my power my my one note for some reason all of a sudden. I lost my my other slides.

So just give me a moment to find my other slides because. I want to where. I want to go. Next is.

I want to look. At if what if we could look. At somebody. Rob ly says psychology as it impacts.

Neurology in the body yeah yeah you got to remember something that what you're learning is derived from. Chinese medicine diagnosis right. Now there are other uh the technical term for face reading in the. Chinese system is called mang mang or face reading and there are certain schools of face reading that focus on spirituality or focus on divination fortune telling things of that nature right.

Uh that is not our emphasis our emphasis is on learning how to diagnose the psychology physiology energetic health of the body if that makes any kind of sense and. So there's a lot there's a lot more testable stuff right. Because one of the like for example if you're doing the. Chinese fortunetelling face tree and they'll say oh you have a good wealth.

Palace which means you can earn a lot of money well yeah that might be true. But how can. I use that what what is that what's the how did they come to that conclusion right. Well one of the things that we discovered is that the size of a person's nose for example indicates the the strength of their identity and their ego and.

So people with very strong very prominent uh noses tend to be much more hey look. At me let's go do this right. They're they're they're much more and again. I'm not mean.

I don't mean this in a bad way. But they tend to be much more egocentric much more achievement focused right. Whereas somebody who has a smaller more uh subdued nose is somebody who tends to want to kind of follow the group now it doesn't mean they can't be successful or make money or things like that. But you'll find that people with larger noses tend to be much more leaderly they tend to be people who just get out in front and if people follow them great if people don't follow them they're going.

Anyway right. And you'll see this a lot in in business people right. Now there's different types of big noses and and those are the influence of other types of hormonal. Pathways and things like that that the.

Chinese would equate to one of the five elements right. And that's what's really cool is you can actually look. At the fleshiness of an area or the boness of an area and see the influence of certain hormonal. Pathways in the body that lead to certain types of personality characteristics that's been the focus of my behind the scenes.

Research into a lot of this yeah rob a lot of this has. Medical applic in fact all of it has medical applications we're just not focused on those things things right. Now again small noses tend to be people again the more the nose sticks out from the body um the more these people tend to like to stand out in the crowd whereas smaller noses are people um who are kind of go with the flow they don't like to necessarily call a lot of attention to themselves now remember. I'm only talking about one feature if you got a small nose.

But a big ass jaw or chin and a big cleft right. Here that's a need for attention. So those are things that um you have to you have to look. At the overall face and and to start to extrap to profile and we do that in our face reading certifications and trainings which talk if you guys are interested and you want to learn that stuff.

I'm happy to show you how to do that. But let's start about let's go let let's learn things tonight that we can go out and we can put to the test that we can just prove to oursel right. Off the bat right. What if the face is an equal for that is a great question people who have equally proportioned faces often have trouble making decisions because they're weighing all these different factors whereas people who have one that is obviously larger tend to be a little bit more decisive.

Barbara says haha that's me yeah. I'm actually. I'm actually quite a bit that way too you know because of my hairline hairlines are fascinating by the way and again in a face reading training coming up um if you if you want to learn about hairline. I.

I can do a lot with a hairline right. That yeah uh. Simo says ha me too very good okay. So you guys having fun you learn some cool stuff hold on a.

Second all right. Right. Now let now. I got a little sidetracked.

So. I got to see if. I can find there we go good okay. I was.

I was worried some every now and. Then my my my computer just glitches and. I lose my data right. In front of me it's just very weird.

I know. I should put it all in the. PowerPoint. But.

I really. I. I have an allergy to. PowerPoints.

So one of the things that we want to think about with people is that is this idea of social. Mas how many people have ever heard the term social masks anybody okay. So one of my good friends uh and colleagues in the behavioral sciences. World.

Chase use talks a lot about social masks interestingly the. Chinese talk about them too um and. So one of the things that that chase likes to talk about is for certain uh you want to play to their masks in other applications you want to remove them okay. So would it be useful if we could look.

At a person's face and start to identify some of their masks or. Identify some of the. Dynamics of their public face and who they are in private do you think that would have strategic use or strategic. Advantage yes.

Or no. Okay. Cool. So this is where we're going to go.

Next now what. I'm going to show you in just a moment is the emotional map of the face. But. I'm also going to combine that with something called the private face versus the public face and ideally when we look.

At people's faces we want to. I always like to divide things by zones because. I like to be simple systematic in how. I do it classical.

Chinese face reading is done in a very intuitive way. I look. At you and. I say okay.

What. Fe jumps out at me that's what. I'm going to talk about. First when.

I'm training influencers and change agents. I want something and a lot of them. Pride themselves on being intuitive. So.

Julia says. I don't know. I think she's talking to me. I hope.

I hope not. I hope she is. But not to be creepy. But there is just something about you.

I like thank you. I hope that's directed at me otherwise uh there's another conversation going on in our chat that we have to we have to examine uh. Claudia is saying what about lacking hair in the middle of the head like monks um we can talk about that. But that's going to take us into slightly different direction okay.

So. I'm. G to reserve. Claud.

I'm. G to reserve the right. To to answer that question in the chat. So what we're goingon to see.

Next is we're going to look. At people and we're going to look. At how they. Mark emotions.

So here's what's going to happen. I'm going to start by talking about public versus private faces and we're going to start we're going to start on the emotional map at about the top the hour if it's okay. With you like. I said.

I promised you at the beginning of tonight's training that. I would lay foundations and fundamentals for you and. Then. I would uh take you as far as.

I can in the time that we have and. I would point you in the direction of where to go to level your skills up is that is that still okay. With you is can we do is that is that was that our deal yes. Or yes.

Okay. So one of the things as a byproduct of tonight's training is. I want to make sure that you have a clear path on where to go to level up and become a face reader and use that face reading skill in uh whatever context you want. So what.

I'm going to do is. I'm going to. I'm going to start with the facial map there's a lot more traits here than. I can get through um before we have to enter phase two of the webinar.

So. I'm going to begin with public and private faces we're going to start talking and unpacking the emotions of the face. Then we're going to transition into phase two we're going to look. At programs and ways for you to to level your training up and.

Then at the end of that we're going to circle back we're going to finish the map of the face and. Then we're going to start to customize the rest of tonight's webinar to the specific applications that you want to use it for or and or if you just want to ask me questions about various aspects of face reading um that we didn't cover that you're curious about. Then. I'm happy to answer those uh to the best of my ability does that sound like a plan yes.

Yes. Okay. Cool all right. So let's look.

At public versus private faces. So when we look. At a person's face can you guys see this okay. We can divide the face into right.

And left sides now in our previous segment in our previous segment we divided the face into three zones right. This time we're going to divide it right. Down the middle okay. The right.

Side of the face is the public face in other words. U if we were talking about social masks the right. Side of the face would represent the identity that we want you the the general public to perceive us as the left side of the face is who we are when the lights are out when nobody's around or when um. I'm with my most intimate friends and partners right.

And this is where it's really important to understand social mass and public versus private personas because when you're in a business setting stripping somebody's social mask will make them more compliant. But will also tend to make them more aggressive and not want to work with you because nobody likes to feel vulnerable nobody likes to feel like they are at a disadvantage. So and this is especially true uh when you're dealing with people who are strong on the narcissistic. Spectrum or the um.

I don't want to say the sociopathic. Spectrum. But people who who prize them. Pride thems on being strong and um image you know uh.

High status these people are not people that you're going to want to peel away the masks in a public context in fact what you're going to want to do is you're going to want to play to it you're going to want to actually work with and stimulate the needs in the mask that they're representing. So. Avery is saying to be clear this is looking directly at an individual um in. So.

L literally it's like this um fact. Let me let me clarify this for you it's a great question. Avery. So here's how we do this everybody raise your right.

Hand right. If they raise when when when the person you're looking at is raising their right. Hand that's the public face if the person you're looking at raises their left hand that's the private face okay. So yes.

This is kind of. I'm on on the slide it's represented as in. Mirror. Image okay.

When you're out in in the pl when you're out in the out in the field just just remember if they're raising their right. Hand that's their public face they're raising their left hand that's their private face um you can take a screenshot of it if you like um because. I really honestly. I can't stop you.

But. I will be honest with you um before. Lillian passed on she did request that um her students not use her materials uh in their in their for sale products and things like that now lilan passed away uh in 2021. I think it was um.

So. I don't know how much of an issue copywriting is going to be. But out of respect um again. I can't stop you from screenshotting it.

I just ask that if um if you do decide to do that please don't don't share it publicly you know. I use these as teaching tools um. But. I try to honor and respect her wishes.

So. I. I'm very very careful um. I mean.

I. I actually had permission to use her stuff um privately. But uh yeah there is a book. It's called face reading in.

Chinese medicine by. Lilian. Pearl. Bridges.

So the truth is. I can't stop you from from screenshotting it uh all. I ask is that if you're if you're. G to use it uh please don't publish it and if if you can support.

Lillian and her family and and the organization she started by actually buying her book. Okay. So when we're looking at someone's public. Persona in a business context we want to play to that we want to find ways to to fluff up or or build their self-image and the reason for that is is that people instinctively like people who make them feel good about themselves this is a very very important influence principle.

So. I want you to uh. I want you to take a moment and write this down because this is how we can begin to uh to understand this people people wait am. I am.

I still sharing my screen no. I'm not let me share my screen again people like people make them feel good about themselves and this is the core of all the influence and persuasion that. I teach there's a lot of people out there that are teaching what. I would call military applications which is about making people feel bad getting them to feel afraid.

So that they'll behave in predictable ways okay. I spend a lot of time clearing up the trauma induced by those kinds of tactics. So. I'm not a fan of them out of effective they might be.

So this is the core this is what we consider to be the golden rule of influence in. Planet. David move through the world making people feel ridiculously good just for having encountered you and they'll just give you stuff stuff okay. Um.

So when we're looking at the public. Persona the right. Side of the face will start to be able to extrapolate what their emotional health is like on the public side when we look. At their private face we'll be able to look.

At and identify and profile what are the emotional things that they're going to feel or or what's their emotional life when nobody's looking now before you start to perhaps erroneously believe that everything over here is public versus everything over here is private in terms of emotion that is not the case. So if if you actually look. At public versus private this is how we look. At it okay.

So like. I said the right. Side of the right. Side of the brain controls the left face the left side of the brain controls the right.

Face and. So what you'll see is that people will tend to be will tend to have more emotional markings on their right. Side of their on their. I'm sorry on their left side of their face because it's governed by the right.

Brain one of the things that we look. For when we assess uh their emotional or their public and private sides is asymmetry are there how symmetrical are the markings on the face because when you look. At this if. I have more sadness if.

I have deeper longer sadness lines here. But they're not as deep here. Then. Then.

I can extrapolate that when dealing with the public when dealing with um people outside of their private. World these people have had a lot more loss if the opposite is true if the lines are deeper here on that. P on that private face. But they're very shallow here.

I can extrapolate that this person has had a lot more loss uh in their personal life in the world that they don't share with the public and that's useful too okay. So. I hope. I didn't confuse people um by sandwiching two different.

Maps one of the things we want to look. At with people when we start exploring these emotions is where are the lines longer deeper the longer and deeper the line let me let me uh write it this way look. For asymmetry longer deeper equals greater um energy or greater intensity shorter shallower equals uh less severe or in some cases it's or in some cases uh it actually implies a newer occurrence okay. So let me just go before we um unpack the.

First three or four traits um let me just make sure that. I answer any questions with that uh let's see. So. Claudia is asking what if you have an illness that touches one side of the brain left side.

So the right. Yes. So in cases of like stroke and things like that if you have a an injury uh anemic attack in the left side of the brain it will tend to manifest in the right. Right.

Face sometimes in the center of the brain and vice versa okay. Um are you guys clear on public versus private right. Side is public left side is private when we look. At the emotional markings of the face there are there are certain strategic patterns that represent certain emotions they go to the same place they go to the same place is on different people's faces when we look.

At the public versus private we want to look. For any asymmetries uh and that's a big one the more symmetrical the face the more beautiful the face tends to be um. Courtney is asking what about lines on the eyelid sometimes one has one fold puffy and the other uh has more lines eyelids are related to criticism. So when you have puffy or droopy eyelids you're looking at um imbalances in person's self-esteem or the amount of criticism that they're receiving both either externally or internally [Music] um okay.

There's a lot of good questions coming up. But again we're we're getting into the weeds here should we assume the left side of the fa her face okay. Let me say this once again if if you're looking at a person imagine them raising their right. Hand just just do this will make it very very simple for you just imagine them ra ing their right.

Hand that's their public face imagine the person raising their left hand that's their private face now the emotions that you're seeing on the chart that we're about to go through have nothing to do with right. Side of the face or left side of the face 99% of all the facial characteristics and markings we're about to go through can be on both sides they can be on just one side they can be on the right. Side or the left side why because it's a it's not about the emotion yet those emotions are are. Universal emotions.

But right. Side or left side of face tells us where they're strongest are you guys with me. So far on a. Second.

Courtney says understood okay. So. Claudia is saying doesn't that um now one of the things you need to understand is that a lot of times when people go have strokes or ischemic attacks that facial change will change their behavior and personality characteristics it's it's a it's a feedback loop. So a lot of time a lot of times when there's facial paralysis.

Bells py things of that nature they it'll actually impact their behaviors and their their emotional health it won't just be a facial thing okay. Parkinson's yeah you yeah all the time. Parkinson's. Ms um stroke the all of these things.

Belle's paly all these things will actually change a person's behaviors they'll change a person's personality interment now the question we the only thing we can't really predict is what's that degree right. Because that's going to be mediated by their habitual patterns their trauma history how they manage their emotions their environment the context these are all things that can dramatically impact. U the face that somebody's presenting okay. But it's a good question you know um and that's why.

I recommend that you you test everything that. I'm sharing with you. I don't want you to just believe it because. David said.

So. I want you to go out and. I want you to talk to people and. I want you to read their faces and get feedback and prove to yourself how how this particular material is right.

So let's look. At um a couple of emotions and. Then if it's okay. With you uh.

I'm going to go into phase two just. So we're on schedule and we're going to circle back we'll finish the effect the map of the face and. Then we'll talk about other things is that fair okay. So uh one of the.

First ones that. I deal with all the time especially where face reading is concerned is called skepticism now skepticism can be seen as a vertical line that starts about the midlevel of the eyebrow and migrates towards the outer. C outer side of the body towards the edge of the eyebrow. So when you see this marking you got to be very careful how you word these things because a lot of times people have a um a knee-jerk response to being labeled.

So one of the things you rather than look. At them and say oh you're a very skeptical person well depending on on on the sensitivity and the reactance level of the person that might not be that what. I that could could actually provoke a reactant response say no. I'm not right.

Um. So the way you present these things it's always important to have be have report and to describe the behavior many times uh in terms of other people this is something um strategically. I found that when you see a marking on a face that maybe has a negative connotation it's always a good idea to say you know you have a really interesting marking here and what. I've what.

I've noticed is that people with this marking sometimes exist. IIT this type of behavior or this type of experience and often feel this way. So for example if. I'm dealing with somebody who's uh.

I'm seeing a strong skepticism line rather than go up to them and say you're a skeptical right. Probably not the most uh. Rapport building way to express that what you could say is. I notice you have a really fascinating.

Mark right. Above your eyebrow here and what. I've noticed from my my studies in face reading psychology and. Chinese medicine is that there certain behavioral characteristics that this marking indicates and this one this marking indicates somebody who doesn't just take everything at face value they don't they take everything with a grain of salt they want to see a little bit of proof they're not necessarily anti or disbelieving.

But they want they want to see that that uh they want to see a little bit of proof before they'll accept something uh wholeheartedly would that be true for you right. And. So when you describe things that way it triggers a trans derivational search in them and they're more willing to acknowledge that trait one of the things. I loved about working with.

Lillian was that she always tried to frame every trait in a positive way. First and the reason that she did that was because in the face reading that she was taught which is from the the very classical family style family tradition. M. Shang as a as a practice tends to be a little bit harsh it's it's it's it's a lot of it when when when face readers talk to you uh from other schools they tended to point out all the negative um that goes on uh in the face and.

So lilan in her in her world she always tried to to start with something that was positive to let people know that there was no. Such thing as a bad facial marking. But that there were two sides of it and. So she she wanted to talk to people in a way that she could create change that would create openness and the ability to discuss the issues.

So they could clear it okay. And. So that's how she would and that's how. I encourage you to do these things right.

So skepticism can be seen as a line that travels across now the longer and deeper the line the more intense the trait and that's the thing that you need to understand the more embedded the trait is the older it is and the more energy it tends to have. So. Avery is asking how about superficial lines in the okay. We're not there yet guys okay.

We're going to go we're going to when we look. At the facial map okay. Hold on when we look. At the facial map we're goingon to we're going to take a clockwise direction we're going to go all the way around like a big clock face and.

Then we're going to go down the center okay. That's my intention sometimes. I'll jump to the center just because we're there. But that's where we're going is this useful.

So far yes. Or yes. Copy that all right. So.

I've got some kind of weird going on in my top chat here oh. I see what's happening okay. Good all right. So the.

Next one. I want to talk about is um and these are some of the ones that. I think we all kind of are are zeroed in on we're gonna talk about. Joy sadness sorrow and grief now when we start looking at these kinds of emotions the.

First thing we want to look. At is the outer canthus of the eye when you have a small line that travels from the outer can this and goes up this is a joy. Line. This is somebody who's experienced a lot of.

Happiness a lot of uh like ah nice feelings. Brad says what if. I have a cannon instead of a line uh. Then it's a longer deeper older trait okay.

Now you'll notice when we look. At sadness there's like three degrees of sadness here. So a short line from the outer canthus that goes down indicates some who's experienced a significant amount of sadness in their life. These are this could be the loss of a friend it could be the job opportunity it could be uh you know big tax return they've experienced some kind of loss the longer the line gets and the deeper it goes the more the person is transitioning from grief which is kind of an acute loss to sorrow this is where things are starting to get a little bit more they're moving from pain into suffering if that makes any kind of sense um and what's happening is this is usually the accumulation of a bunch of losses if that continues the person is going to move into a state of what.

I call terminal or chronic uh grief okay. And that can be seen by a line that really goes down through the face now there's another kind of loss that people experience is it's called a lost love this line starts at the inner canthus the inner corner of the eye and translates down now what's interesting about lost love lines is that they often indicate people who have not necessarily lost a person. But they've lost something that is a part of their identity they've lost something that they've identified with as being instrumental to their. Joy.

So the the um the example that. I get many times or give many times is people with this line often when they were young there was some activity or some. P person that they just loved every time they thought about going out and doing it they would just light up like a. Christmas tree right.

So the example. I often give is like maybe when you were a little kid you loved horses the. First time you laid eyes. On a horse there was a part of your spirit that just opened up and bloomed because there was a special place in your heart for anything to do with horses and for.

Next five six seven years every weekend every time change good you were out doing things with horses you decorated your room with horses you your family actually managed uh because you were. So focused on it they actually maybe they bought you a horse and. Then maybe a few years. Later uh something happens you know there's um there's a financial loss and now you can't support the horse anymore the family has to sell the horse the horse dies um you meet somebody who for whatever reason uh you have to make a choice between loving this person and being with this person or keeping the horse and out of love for this other person you give up horses what will happen is when you lose something that is a part of your true self your true identity your.

Ming as they say in the. Chinese you will actually develop a line that will start at the inner canthai and travel down now. I've noticed that with this particular marking that it tends to happen in two ways the. First one is exactly what you see here hold on a.

Second let me just get these lines out of the way where the line starts at the inner canthus and it just travels down like a waterfall. But sometimes that line will actually start here it'll move across to the grief or sadness area and. Then it'll trickle down and this is some again anytime you see these kind of lines in my opinion what you're seeing is morning specifically repressed mning in other words these people never stopped grieving for that loss in fact what they tried to do many times is they put an arbitrary uh cap on how long they were allowed to mourn something and when they exceeded that time limit they decided to do things to distract themsel or repress that emotion and that's what's actually causing these lines these lines are lines of emotional repression not expression and that's the important thing. I want you to understand when you see these lines in people this is the they're not dealing with this is the stuff that they're refusing to unpack and attack right.

And. So if you're a therapist a coach um a counselor a psychotherapist a medical person you will when you see these lines it's indicative of a pathology that is based on repression now what do. I mean by that many times people with lung problems. COPD uh empyema asthma allergies will have this line why because that line the the lung area the place you diagnose the lungs on the face is right.

Here let me show you this really quick if you look. At here we go the lungs right. Your your your your little oops sorry your lost love line goes right. Down here your sadness line is here your sorrow line is here your grief line is here they're all passing through the lung area.

So what'll happen many times if you're a medical practitioner and you've got someone with lung stuff if you have any any skill at talk therapy things of that nature ask if they've had any any they lose people right. If you're an acupuncturist or you're a hypnotist um and you unpack you start unpacking their grief many times they'll start coughing their breathing patterns will change they'll have they have this kind of cadence to right. You'll hear them choke because of expression these are all repressed emotions you'll see it's a feedback loop. So.

I just want to. I want to point that out because a lot of you like. I said for for many years 99% of my clients were medical referrals. I was dealing with terminal and chronic illness and.

I saw these markings over and over and over again and. So there's a correlation to those things okay. Barbara says damn. I've got one of those starting.

I have to confront it here's the secret to this here's the secret to this if you've got one of these lines part of your. Ming your your your spiritual mission in this life is to reclaim that and reintegrate it into your current way of living that's how you fix it you either you either you know you you clear the grief or the loss and or you re you reintegrate that activity back into your life in some way okay. Does that make sense yes. Or yes.

Cool all right. So now with your permission. I'd like to share some things with you that um has this been helpful okay. So.

I'm. I'm curious about something when you guys brought signed up for tonight's webinar right. There was something that you wanted to learn something you wanted to be able to take away from this true or not true something you wanted to get as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. I want you to stop for a moment and.

I want you to imagine what it would be like to have that take a moment usually. I have you write this stuff down. But we're kind of pressed for time. So.

I want to just we'll just do this together as an exercise. I want you to just write down in your mind think about what your life is going to be like once you have it and what's important about that to you what's that going to allow what's that going to do for you and. I want you to pay very close attention to the exact words your mind chooses to express that desire to express that need when you have that just type done in the chat okay. To understand the bo okay.

Done excellent now imagine that you've got that part what's important about having that what will that allow you to do. So we're going to go three levels deep and the reason that we're doing this this is called the emotional motivation emotional bonding checklist this is something that. I want you to begin to really. Embrace we've done this in we do this in just about every webinar.

But it's usually a written process. I want you to think about what's important about that what's it going to do for you pick up and go okay. And if you had that. So you got something from tonight's webinar you know what's important about that whatever that is.

So as you stop for a moment you imagine what that would be like to have that thing what's important about that and as you think about what's important about that if you could understand people better to pick up and go to do what you know whatever the thing is that you truly want and desire from tonight's webinar as a byproduct of tonight's training ultimately what's that going to do for you what are you going to be able to speed do or have as a byproduct of the training tonight that you couldn't have done without it go ahead and take a moment imagine what it's like to have all of those things and what. Next steps you need to go there and type in the chat what that would be for me explore the sea and countries encountered that's interesting. Finally understand the. B books okay.

Those are those are some really interesting uh interesting okay. So that being said how many of you are ready to take this to another level how many of you are ready to. Revel uh to level up your skills and and and get that final result for yourself is that something you guys are ready to do yes. Or yes.

Perfect. Matthew says have the most intimate connection with others and truly confirm when. I in it yes. That's a very good one um by the way whatever whatever reasons you come up with that's perfectly okay.

So with your permission. I'd like to share something with you this is a program. I put together to help you learn how to do what. I do from the comfort of your own home uh remember that this is all about you it's about you getting the life that you want the way that you want.

So without further. Ado. I'd like to share with you our. Next program this is something that will take your life and your skills to the.

Next level this is our face reading for. Fun and. Profit how to read anyone instantly home study course this is one of the most powerful programs or sets of programs. I've put together designed to take you from.

Zero to. Hero with uh with reading faces and understanding people it's all about helping you take your life to the. Next level to help you understand yourself better to read people instantly to predict their behavior. So that you can help more people have more confidence in your social and professional interactions it's going to allow you to become more socially and professionally powerful both at home at the office out in the world uh as a therapist as a counselor as a coach as a salesperson as a copywriter this will help you to do these things right.

It's going to help you win the game of life because that's what reading faces is. GNA is all about it's about understanding how to un to to to tap into the needs and desires of people. So that you can satisfy those needs and in the process of that as a byproduct of that they're going to give you everything that you want and anywhere you go any place you go they are going to instantly find you more. Charming charismatic and irresistible in fact you're going to probably discover that you're not going to want to tell people that you're a face reader after a while because they won't leave you alone.

But it's a nice choice to have right. So um here's what we put together for you know this offer is good until. October 30th 2023 at 11:59 p.m. tonight that's today okay. Um and the secrets of face reading home study course is all about.

U this is our. First level to this is a $1,997 value this is our face reading for fund and profit home study course level one it's going to teach you how to assess people's personality and temperament it won't give you a reading on their character because a person can be assertive. But they could be malevolent they could be assertive and be very benevolent. So it's not going to give you the the their alignment to use a.

D and. D term it's going to give you their personality and temperament. So you can tell okay. Is this person someone who responds well to.

Authority or is this person someone who needs more author is this someone who it works better in an unsupervised capacity or is this somebody who wants to be in functions well as part of a group right. Are these extroverted people or introverted people are these people who are very detail oriented versus people who are more big picture right. Um it's about learning how to look. At people and say okay.

Is this person just like we talked about earlier is this someone who needs a lot of data because there are certain there are certain types of people based on their physiognomy based on the shape of their forehead that are going to do really really well in data crunching capacities if you're an accountant if you're um an analyst an auditor a research person these are people who you're going to see these big foreheads in these predominantly migrate to these kinds of activities if you run teams or manage people you can look. At their physiognomy and by and by the amount of traits that people have in common you can figure out in a very very quick way what is is that how harmonious what's the the harmony potential of that group are they going to get along are they going to have um p uh management styles or interact decision-making styles that are complimentary versus antagonistic to each other all right. This is one of the ways this is one of the primary things that face reading was used for for centuries 2500 years in. China in business legal professions as well as medicine and things of that nature.

So this is something that we're matchmaking we're going to teach you how to read and unpack people's emotional traumas you're going to be able to look. At a person's emotional history it's it's literally written on their face and. Then based on that you'll be able to make decisions as to how to interact with those people things to emphasize things to move away from if you're a therapist this is one of the most invaluable tools you'll ever get to. Healing people whether it's physically or emotionally okay.

Um it'll give you a a snapshot into their potential managerial. Styles and how they interact with authority how they interact are these people better uh as a solopreneur are they better as as a part of a corporate structure believe me those are big big differences and they're very very obvious in people's facial structures what's their sexual and romantic compatibility how do these people get along right. Will these two people make a good pair will they be at each other's throats will they be complimentary or antagonistic to each other we're going to show you how that works and how you can begin to start picking better mates picking better. Partners or at the very least learn how to manage the partners you have better better okay.

If you understand your. Tendencies and and the way your partner's. Tendencies are you can make the changes necessary to make that that relationship more harmonious and more fulfilling for both of you okay. It's going to give you you can look.

At somebody and get a pretty big snapshot a pretty good snapshot as how they tend to relate to money and their resources how do they manage those things right. Um and the question is can you overcome what your face says 1,00% the thing you need to understand about the face is that none of it is set in stone the beautiful thing about face reading is it tells you where you're at right. Now and as you make the changes the face will change too it's fantastic as a transformational tool for yourself and like. I said as a as a therapist as a.

Healer this has been an invaluable um skill set for me okay. In fact one of the things. I have to constantly manage is my my my kids are always asking me to read their faces and. I always have to say when you're older.

I'll read your face um because it can make people. So hyp suggestible to you um. Lilian had a had a very hard role that you don't you don't read people's faces if they're under the age of 18 because um those those suggestions and those readings that you make um can actually become a program and you could actually wind up putting a hex on them. So you got to be careful uh if you want to understand yourself better this is probably one of the fastest ways to check in on a day-to-day basis and look.

At the over health of your physical body your emotional body your mental body. So you can uh buffer it accordingly predicting human behavior becomes very very simple once you understand. People's. Natural predispositions these are all things that we're going to teach you how to do in fact by the end of this course you'll be able to look.

At a person and create a profile of them in under 90 seconds you'll be able to literally go from hairline to nose line and know things about them that their best friends simply don't know um if you would like to like. I said before be the most fascinating charismatic and influential person in a room this is one of the fastest ways to take that even further if you're someone who is tired of being played are there certain characteristics that people who are more manipulative share the answer is yes. In fact we'll talk about a couple of them in part three of the webinar um. So total value on this package is a $1,997 value.

But as you can guess we've put a package together for you because we're not going to just throw this at you and say okay. You're ready to go there's other things we want you to have that are going to round out and make your training the most comprehensive. Soup. To.

Nuts valuable training you can do from home and. So if you grab your course tonight click the link that we share with you very very shortly you're also going to get these super special bonuses that. I think um are just the cats meow in fact one of the ones we're going to share with you. First and foremost is my.

Flagship killer influence program you heard me talk about this uh at the beginning of the webinar this is our uh defense against the dark arts killer influence curriculum this is was named the number one. NLP training program in the world for the. Last two years and it the reason we're including this is because it integrates. So perfectly with the face reading and profiling aspects of the content of tonight defense against the dark arts is all about learning how to speedread and profile people's behaviors about how to catch detect lies how to flag narcissists how to flag sociopaths.

Mackie avellan people who are going to be abusers con artists human traffickers things of that nature it's going to teach you the 21 different uh conversational and behavioral red flags that these people exhibit it's going to teach you how to turn the tables on them and profile them before they get their claws into your mind your heart or your checkbook. So that you can become more powerful it's going to teach you how to spot micro. Expressions how to spot when people are concealing information how when people are dis are dissembling or deflecting how they're when they're um concealing secret grief or or have a tendency to lie we'll talk about the 15 most important lie detection uh data points to look. For when interacting with people we're going to talk about what we call hoovering which is if you've ever been in a relationship with these um manipulative persuasion.

Predators um and you manage to extricate yourself out of it there's like six or seven different strategies and tactics that these people use to try and suck you back into that unhealthy relationship with them we're going to teach you what they are what they look. Like how to deal with them and how to avoid them. So that you never get sucked in and and and get stuck in these one down codependent relationships these abusive relationships ever again we're also going to teach you the universal persuasion protocal not only are we going to teach you how to turn the table on the bad guy predators of the world we're going to show you how to move through the world influencing people in an ethical honest way that causes people to like love and trust you in the shortest amount of time possible and you will never ever have to lie cheat steal or negatively manipulate or coers another human being for as long as you live and the byproduct of that training is that when people try to use these covert hypnotic influence techniques on you you will be able to detect them instantly and neutralize them in whatever way is appropriate for you this we call it defense against the dark arts because we're going to teach you both sides of the influence. Continuum we're going to teach you how these negative persuasion.

Predators operate how they select their victims the six or set the 20 different. I think it's like 13 to 15 different um qualities that people who are persuasion predators are sorting for. So you can actually. SP.

B these things in yourself and take yourself off the menu we're going to teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist. So that you can instantly cause people to believe what you say and do what you want you can direct their focus of attention you can cause anything you want to mean anything you want in the minds of your subject or your attacker you can uh make anything you want um you can create people's internal pictures to be exactly what you describe with absolutely zero chance of mistranslation. So think of about this for a moment what if you had the ability to not only detect these bad guys out there what if you had the ability to actually install things in them that would keep them from ever harming anyone ever again would that be a useful skill to have because those language patterns that. I'm talking about will allow you to do that what if you had the ability to detect.

When anybody was exerting an unhealthy level of influence on you would it be useful to be able to stop that and extricate yourself what if there was a conversational framework that just going through through this conversational framework the person as the person got deeper and deeper and deeper into that conversation with you they just wanted to tell you more and more true things about themsel and the deeper they got into that conversation the harder and harder it got for them to lie to you that's part of this training as well it's called the uh it's called the three magic questions protocol and the in the intimacy intens of our interview that follows it is a way to draw people deeper and deeper into. Rapport and as they get deeper and deeper into that. Rapport they tell them they volunteer more and more information about you and it becomes harder and harder to lie. So included in this program it's a it's $1,997 value this is what you get how to think and and act like a master influencer it's just a $297 value how to control your own psycho emotional state.

So no. One else can do it without your permission power. Rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere and how to detect when those skills are being used against you you irresistible hypnotic language patterns. I just talked about those it's a $297 value how to manage and and and influence the emotional states of others.

So that they move through the world feeling. D dramatically connected and drawn and. Bing on love with you that's a very powerful skill set to have how to emotionally. Bond people to yourself your product your service and have them salivating to do what you want them to do for their own selfish reasons how to hack and and understand other people's internal behavioral code you saw a little bit of that with the decisionmaking strategies from the face reading.

But there's other ways that you can do it things that little. Clues and tells in their language that give indicators of the structure of a person's thoughts that you can integrate into how you speak that makes them want to do what you want them to do quicker easier and more enthusiastically than if you tried it any other way we're going to teach you how to emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to the things you offer. So that in the simple.

Act of them selfishly pursuing the things they want they're automatically eagerly volunteering to do what you want them to do what could you do with powers like this right. This is all in defense against the dark. ARS. But there's more okay.

We're also going to teach you the like. I said before we're going to teach you the fundamentals of lie detection on demand how to spot sociopath narcissists and other evil a-holes before they have a chance to destroy your life destroy your family or do vile things to your loved ones right. Speed profiling secrets for preventing. Predators from getting their hooks into you in the.

First place right. Predatory psychology how do these people and how to turn the table on narcissists and other persuasion. Predators hypnotic reframing techniques for winning arguments and keeping yourself from being gaslighted this is a big one one of the big things that these narcissistic uh persuasion. Predators like to do is they like to to make you you know the moment you call them on their.

BS they try to reframe it and make you make you feel like you're crazy or you completely misunderstood we're going to show you how to turn the tables on them trying to turn the tables on you again we talked about the 21 conversational red flags that narcissists and sociopaths and other persuasion. Predators will use to avoid taking responsibility for their actions how to instantly spot micro expressions and subtle changes and of course we're also going to include the killer influence mind control manual or. Manifesto which has uh chap chapters and appendixes on social hypnotic operators these are uh hypnotic programs that. Society has installed in you things like scarcity and reciprocity things that cause you to behave in predictable manner that the government and other three-letter agencies and media.

Outlets are using all the time to get you to behave in predictable ways once you understand them now you have a choice you can detect them and you can choose how you want to respond to that kind of influence remember without awareness there is no. Choice and if you don't and just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't pushing your buttons we're going to take your awareness to a whole new level right. You will never see people the same way again and you'll be able to respond appropriately in any situation or circumstance to get what you want the way that you want it total value on this package um on on this particular program by itself has $1,997 value you combine that with the face reading and it's a total value of $ 3,994. But we're still not done we we fleshed out this package we designed it to be.

One-Stop shop. So that you can do all this from the comfort of your own home and get the biggest bang for your buck we're also going to include the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this is a course that will teach you how to rebuild yourself from the inside out how to systematically remove the hidden negativity and blocks of success you didn't even know you had how to hypnotize other human beings anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance for any reason to remove blocks and limiting beliefs how to find how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever had a problem and you've gone to somebody and they do an intervention and it goes away and on the way home or shortly. Later the feelings come back or in a similar situation it comes back again we're going to show you how and why that happens and some of the most powerful foolproof techniques to making sure that that goes away and does not come back okay.

Um we're going to teach you how to change that crappy voice inside your head you know the voice inside your head that just said what voice you know most of us have have have have one or have had a voice in our head if you've been through identity by. Design you probably don't have it anymore that tells us all the reasons why we're we're lazy we're stupid we don't deserve this we shouldn't do that don't do that it's bad for you what if we could change that voice into one that's constantly inspiring us motivating us telling us why we deserve to have things how we can get a a better a better result that inspires us and motivates us and tells us all the reasons why we can do things instead of all the reasons why we can't that's the. Next level of the identity by. Design.

Silo what if we could take that what if we could install specific emotional states that move us forward states that. Empower. US states like. Relentless determination states of.

Victory states of being a winner states of being playful and curious things that move us forward and allow us to experience the. World. Through. The.

Eyes. Of pleasure and joy and possibility that changes your. Consciousness it changes your reality and it changes what your nervous system pays attention to now what if we could take all the things. I've just described and install those at your.

DNA level like a hypnotic template a program that's running all the time. So that everything you experience is filtered through those lenses through those processes what would happen to your life what would happen to your sense of your ability to achieve and move forward if that was always in play what if you had the ability to cut custom design your identity and personality to be who you want to be instead of who. Society family education life experience programmed you to be that's what identity by. Design is all about and the best part is you you start by doing this to yourself.

But what if you could actually do this for other people what if you could actually get paid to do this for other people in conjunction with your face reading. So if you're a. CO a therapist a counselor a mentor a coach a parent you can take these skills and teach them to your loved ones teach them to your clients. FYI the identity by.

Design system is actually used by. Olympic athletes uh and. Mark in swimming and. Marksmanship uh one of my one of my students just recently worked with a marksman um she won seven gold medals using the identity by design process as part of her mental training regimen uh one of my students.

Joanie. Johnson na is actually um the the the team hypnotist for the. US. Olympic swimming team they exclusively use my techniques um to help people program themselves for.

Fe performance. So. I you know. I've been using this clinically for the.

Last 12 15 20 years um and it's just amazing now you can have it you you use it in conjunction with your face reading and you have the ability to really really change people's lives starting with your own and. Then adding new revenue streams and helping the people you care about yes. You can help your friends you can help your children you can help your significant other if they want the help right. And because you know face reading you know the exact way to present this stuff to them.

So that they're more likely to want the help it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value is $ 5,491 we're not going to stop there remember that today's class is really about understanding human behavior. So we're going to include another really cool course. I did this many years ago this is called people reading for. Fun and.

Profit and this is about looking at other things besides the face how are they dressed what are they doing with their hands what are they doing with their torso what are they doing with their feet you're going to learn how to understand body language and expressions uh spe and starting with and understanding the body language of. Attraction this is one of the most important things you can understand. I've. I've been teaching this for many years.

But in case you haven't heard it before one of the things. I discovered many many years ago is that the body language of. Attraction is the archetype for all other types of social interaction between two or more people. So if you understand in depth what body attraction body language looks like you can very very effectively gauge what stage of a relationship people are in in a business context a therapeutic intervention um a networking function because they're they're they variations on a theme.

So we make it very very simple very very easy you'll learn how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors how to influence people without words which is really really cool how to project through your body language charm confidence. Charisma on command there are certain body language techniques that we teach in defense against the dark arts we also teach them here that will literally cause you to emanate a charismatic. Aura of in of authenticity and sincerity that people will just warm up to and want to spend more time in your bubble okay. You'll learn how to ladies you'll learn how to understand men better women you'll learn how to understand men better you'll learn how to dress for success there are six different levels of dress that equate to certain levels of social status and each of those levels of social status will will amplify your influence or or uh weaken your influence depending on your your level of dress versus the people around you okay.

We'll teach you how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence simple things you not you may not even thought of like touching your face in an interaction uh statistically shows that it makes people less influential less charismatic because they seem less certain right. Um touching your face at certain points can also indicate uh the potential for just being deceptive right. Uh. So these are things like um approaching someone straight on can often create a antagonistic resp uh energy with somebody as opposed to standing at a 45 degree angle.

So these are all things that you can begin to manage in your environment that not only allow you to read and understand people's psychological positioning. But can allow you an advantage in positioning yourself in a non-verbal way to be more influential in that person. So these are all part of the people reading for. Fun and.

Profit body language sequence training you'll often you'll be able to close more deals uh you'll be able to get more dates you'll be able to create the kind of interactions that you truly want to have with a lot less variability with a lot less possibility of things going south for you okay. Total combined value is 6,998 this is the $1,497 value we're going to include this as part of your package absolutely free. So let's just review really quick what we've got okay. We're going to give you the secrets of face reading home study program it's a $1,997 value and every and because we created this course during coid um everything in the.

First course you can see above a mask. So literally even if they're wearing a mask or a bandan over their face you can still read them right. We're going to give you the speed profiling defense against the dark arts home study course it's a $1,997 value remember that the the defense against the dark arts program was voted by my peers as the number one. NLP training program in the world it's 40% profiling 60% influence and you combine them to become un stoppable we're going to give this to you absolutely free because.

I want you to have the tools to uh actually use the face reading okay. To to to leverage your face reading skills in a positive way okay. We're going to include the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this again is going to take you from.

Zero to. Hero hypnotically speaking it's going to give you the ability to redesign your own mind and body reprogram your subconscious mind and if you want to you can use this you can get paid to do this you can actually incorporate these techniques into your coaching business into your sales trainings you know if you if you lead teams you can help people get over and amplify their their productivity. So there's lots of different ways that you can leverage this identity by. Design training to increase the amount of.

Revenue that you generate every month okay. We're going to give this to you absolutely free right. We're going to include the people reading for. Fun and.

Profit two-day intensive this is again the other things that you can focus on in terms of reading people through their body language reading people through their clothing uh their spatial orientations things of that nature and begin to create powerful nonverbal influence scenarios that make people just bond to you and respond to you more powerfully um and positively we're going to give this to you absolutely free total value total combined value is $ 6,988 if you were go to the website today and actually try to buy these things individually the thing is some of you can't actually buy on the website okay. Um. But for today. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible.

So obviously. I'm not necessarily going to make you pay $6,998 or $88 right. You're not even gonna have we're not even going to drop at a thousand and make you pay $ 5,987 right. Or $3,497 we're not even going to charge you 2,400.

I mean you can see that the value is going up as the price is going down right. Think about all the things that you can do with just a half or a tenth of the things. I've talked about right. We're not even going to charge you $1,497 for this program for those of you who uh want to take your life to the.

Next level and some of you may be going well. I don't know if. I can afford it. I don't know if it'll work how do.

I know it'll work um those are those are the voices in your head that are trying to keep you the same right. Remember you came here to get change. So. I'm teaching you the fastest most direct route to get what you want in the shortest amount of time possible.

So for those of you who know you're ready for a change who are ready to have more power and influence in your life you can get it all for just one low installment of 9.97 right. Or if you need help you can break that into three easy installments of 3.97 each all you need to do to get yours is go to www.lpower.com click this link right. Now forf click the link npower.com slf fa uh click the link and reserve your package because we've got some really cool things uh ahead of you when you come to live trainings is that much more powerful 100% 100% uh one of the thing one of the reasons that. I created this program was because of um.

Logistics and the amount of immersion that's necessary um. I decided if people can't get to a live training this is going to be the. Next best thing. But.

I'm glad you brought that up because for those of you um who are really ready to go. I have some really cool extra bonuses if you stick with me to the end of the webinar. So here's the deal sometimes we have these little voices in our head that want us to stay the same that try to hold us back right. In my.

Last webinar. I talked about there's two things you need to be successful in life you need an identity that supports the person you want to become and you need to take action and there's two reasons people don't take action they don't want to or they don't want want to. But those basically what does that mean. I don't understand how this is important to me how it'll change my life or.

I'm afraid a lot of times when those voices in your head that come up well this takes too long or it's too. I'm too old or it costs too much money or it'll take too long or how do. I know what'll work all these things is the same program running in your head trying to keep you the same remember that your autonomic nervous system isn't concerned about your long-term growth and health. Beyond the ability to stay alive and to move your genes forward.

So if you want something better you have to choose to do something different and. So a lot of times what happens is when we're faced with opportunities to do something better to do something different these little tapes will play in our head well. I don't know if this is worth it. I don't know if it's like um.

I don't know if. I don't. I want to go. I'm 47 years old.

I'm too old to go join a doctorate program well really you're going to be it's going to it's a four-year doctorate program you're still going to be 52 years or 42 years 51 years old you can be 51 years old without a doctor you can be 51 years old with a doctorate right. The idea is these voices are designed to keep you the same because your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system sorts for what's familiar not for what's going to make you better. So. I want you to be aware that when these voices pop up in your head that it's your autonomic nervous system trying to keep you stuck one of my my mentor.

Lisa sasich used to say well if you're not going to do this what are you going to do instead right. Are you going to stay the same or do you see a level away a path forward now why do. I bring those things up because. I know that's what's going through your head right.

Now right. That's your autonomic nervous system trying to keep you the same. But let me just help you a little bit understand that you have absolutely nothing to lose by joining this program right. Now after you click that link we're going to give you 60 days to use these programs if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to understanding people better reading their personalities and instantly being able to predict and influence their behavior if you're not on the fast track to becoming more attractive more charismatic more successful if you're not finding better friends if you're not using able to use the ability to read faces and the influence techniques contained in the program to make your relationships happier and better that allow you to feel more confident secure and.

Powerful if you're not on the fast track to winning more social encounters and being the star in. Every in every situation where you use these skills we're going to refund your money we're going to give you your money back all we ask is that you give us a chance to help you through your sticking points right. You have absolutely nothing to risk all you gotta do is click that link right. Now click that link click that link click that link get on the fast track to getting everything you want and getting the skills you need to hear more yeses in your life and have people find you charming irresistible and attractive in every aspect of your life predict other people's behaviors and protect yourself from the persuasion predators of the world you have zero risk and everything to gain click the link.

NLP power.com slf and. I promise you. I will be with you virtually and in person every step of the way if you have questions reach out to. Mia and.

Moss um in the chats they are there to help you um and answer any questions that you have regarding the um regarding the programs let me just put these the links these links in here for you um click these links right. Now. So we can move forward okay. Now for those of you who've gotten benefit.

So far and want to take your training further here's a thing. I talked about a few minutes ago. I said there's two things you need to be successful you need an identity a belief system that says you deserve to have it you need to be willing to become the person that can have it you need to take action one of the things. I learned very very early on um in my in my persuasion.

World in my hypn in my hypnotherapy training was that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. I want to reward you right. Now for clicking that link and taking the action and leveling up and here's what. I'm going to do for those of you who click that link right.

Now the. First 21 people to click this link right. Now. I'm going to give you these special fast action bonuses that are going to completely blow your mind and change the game they're going to change the game for you okay.

First one we're going to give you. Hands-On training we're going to give you an opportunity to come and work with us either virtually or in a live training uh. Claudia says she can't find the link let me put that in there. HTTP www.lpower.com slace hopefully that's the right.

One if not reach out to. Moss or. Mia they will help you. Claudia let me explain the.

Mastermind mentoring program to you. I will jump out on my. PowerPoint for just a moment. So.

I can explain this to you because it it needs to be um really explained. So the way the. Mastermind works is on the. Third.

Saturday of every month you log in or you come to my facility here in. Sal in. San. Diego and.

I literally go. Claudia what do you want to learn. Bren what do you want to learn. Julia what do you want to learn.

Julie what do you want to learn and. I and. I figure out what it is you want to learn about and. I write those things up on the board after.

I write those things up on the board. I step back. I look. At the at what you've asked to learn about.

I find the. Connecting. Threads. I create a lesson plan for you right.

On the spot and for the. Next six hours we do drills and skills on those specific applications until you can do them in your sleep now you can participate virtually in real time or you can come and do it live with us in real time right. You get three months to come in and focus only on the skills the. Hands-On training that are going to take your skills to the.

Next level the best part is this particular program that. I'm explaining to you started in. October 2010 this month is literally the 13-year anniversary of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program we have videotaped every single training session from. October 2010 all the way up to now as a uh trial member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you will get unlimited unfitted access to the entire 13-year archive stuff that's never seen the light of day on.

YouTube stuff that's never been in a product things that we don't even teach in live training sometimes everything from energetics to face reading to manifestation to uh accelerated learning to trauma resolution to psychic skills to remote viewing remote influence um hidden law. La of. Attraction and manifestation regression therapy conversational hypnosis covert hypnosis behavioral influence and applications you name it if it's in my wheelhouse and you wanted and people wanted to learn it it's in that it's in that archive you can binge watch that for the entire time you're a member of the of the archive and you know one of the things. I will.

I will tell you about right. Up front is that because it's a member driven uh training a lot of the a lot of the material repeats from one from one month to the. Next because people want to learn the same things you will not get a certificate from. The.

Mastermind mentoring trial what you will get is the one thing that takes you from access to the information to ownership of the information and that's the rolling up your sleeves doing the drills getting the skills getting the feedback. So that you can go out into the world and apply those skills in real time on real human beings and get a predictable result that's one of the things that we found is is the super most important aspect of taking things from a virtual home study course environment and operationalizing it functionalizing it making it useful and workable for you and that's why we do this is because we don't just want you binging on the videos that's always fun. But we want you to come into the. Mastermind and actually practice and get feedback right.

And again if at the end of 90 days you're getting. So much value from it that you want to continue your membership we'll show you how to do that how to extend your membership out if after 90 days uh. I you got what you need it and you're ready to go out into the world. Then your ter your membership terminates and even though you lose access to the archive you still have the.

Hands-On training that you got right. So it's up to you how you want to do that. But that's one of the bonuses again this particular bonus goes away when. I log off the webinar right.

Everything. I've talked about prior to this is good until 11:59 p.m. tonight. So click that link right. Now if you want the.

Hands-On training in the real world feedback from me. But when. I log off the webinar tonight the fast action bonus goes away okay. So.

I just wanted to make that really clear to you okay. Um. But. I'm not done because remember the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and.

I need you to be an action taker if you want your life to change that means you have to take the actions to do it right. World is full of people who just watch the world go by instead of getting in the game and. I want you to get in the game. So here's what else.

I got for you for those of you who are ready to level up not only am. I going to give you the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring trial membership it's an $8,900 or $891 value we're going to give this to you free total value is 7,879 bucks we're not going to stop there we're also going to include face reading for fund and profit level two this is everything below the mass this is everything that will allow you to look.

At their ears tell when their birth order is tell when your siblings were born when did they have a uh are they are they uh people who can manage money well uh are they generous do they have good boundaries are they more willful prideful or stubborn do they have strong senses of. Ethics do they have a very strong ego and identity all of these things are going to fill in the gaps left over by face reading for. Fun and. Profit level one.

So this is again you'll be able to look. At a face and create a very powerful very comprehensive. Behavioral charact uh uh personality and temperament profile on the person in under 90 seconds it comes with full manuals fully. Illustrated fully a lot of really good pictures um that are indicative of these things and once again you'll be able to diagnose personality and temperament are they generous are they stingy are they bossy are they uh someone who's a pushover do they have.

G boundaries do they have strong uh do they not have good boundaries do they have the potential uh to be more predatory do they have the potential to to be very vindictive and manipulative these are all things that you will learn by looking at the specific features of the face and combining the traits to make ex and extrapolate on them it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 21 people to grab that to click that link and grab that course right. Now okay. Again click the link click the link click the link don't wait you have nothing to lose and everything to gain and.

I'm going to be your personal mentor and instructor both virtually and in the videos and if you come to a live event in person this is a 9,876 value if you did if you did all the math and speaking of. Live. Events if you're one of the. Next 21 people to register before.

I jump off the webinar today. I'm. GNA let you come to one of my live trainings. I in uh.

January 23rd through the 27th here in. San. Diego. California we be doing our.

Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis 5day certification boot camp you're going to get a. VIP ticket you're going to get a front row seat you're going to be able to be in the room with me for five solid days learning the most powerful. NLP training and covert hypnosis training on the planet integrating that with your face reading your per your uh behavioral profiling skills and becoming an. Unstoppable master of persuasion and influence people were asking about.

Live. Events this is how you do it right. Not only will you have the ability the best the best training you can have from home you're going to get to come to. San.

Diego with me and for five days. I'm going to lock you in a room with yours truly and we're going to help you to embody and personify these skills skills that will allow you to control your emotional state at will how to hypnotize anyone any time any place for any reason just using words how to create deep level non-verbal influence that causes people to like love and trust you and and primes them to want to believe what you say and do what you want skills that allow you to emanate. Charisma on command um to um to read anyone instantly detect lies and. So much more we're going to talk about other types of coding systems that people have that make influencing them even easier we'll talk once again about social hypnotic operators we'll talk about proxemic how to how to manage the spatial relationships between you and another person.

So that standing at a certain spot causes them to think about you certain way it's impossible to be caught we'll talk about cold reading versus face reading right. And how they can be used together to create maximum suggestibility and influence. So you can get the maximum amount of. Behavioral change in the shortest amount of time possible we'll talk about what we call dirty rotten tricks these are things that persuasion.

Predators or or you know more narcissistic sociopathic pickup artists might try to do to you to get you to to capitulate and and comply with them we're going to tell you what they look. Like teach you how to do them. So that you can protect yourself and if you need to every now and. Then these little gray hat techniques they might find them useful in dealing with the bad guys of the world right.

We're going to teach you about again lie detection we're going to teach you about uh group influence tactics and techniques we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hyponic influence the four macro categories of influence that if you master these not only will people feel compelled to do what you want they will want to do what you want them to do because they want you to like them they want you to approve of them okay. We'll teach you how to hack the human nervous system. So that the minute you start speaking people can't not pay attention to you how to connect with people on a deep level bordering go to go from complete stranger to. Intimacy in as little as 20 minutes bordering on love how they completely become more and more open and self-disclosing to you.

So you can make better decisions about who to let into your life and who to keep out we'll talk about how to make people want to do the things they just told you they didn't want to do and have them actually wanting to do those things in as little as two minutes right. This is just some of what you'll be learning at the five-day killer influence covert hypnosis boot camp on top of the things. I've talked about the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to manage the emotional states of others how to think like a master of influence how to set and. Achieve goals and outcomes that actually have a much better chance of being achieved these are all things and plus you and sometimes we actually teach you the self hypnosis training.

So you can actually mentally program yourself to be even more powerful. So this is a $3,150 value this is a what we call a. VIP super ticket. So let me explain a little bit about what that means to you when you have one of these.

VIP super tickets it means that you can use it anytime you want to if for some reason you can't come to the training in. Jan. January you just pick up the phone you let us know the. Next time killer influence comes up we'll reach out to you and say hey we have a new training coming up do you want to attend and if you want to attend we'll make a seat at the front row for you if you want a front row seat right.

Let's say you're planning on coming to the. January training. But something comes up at the. Last minute let's say your boss makes you work there's an airline strike um family members sick you get in a car accident something comes up that now you can't come to that training if if you're a holder of one of these.

VIP tickets all you got to do is pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another training you have this ticket until you redeem it until you choose to use it if it takes you four years to come to a live event in four years this ticket will be good let's say you're not planning on coming to a particular training and. Then at the. Last minute your schedule frees up and you want to come. But this the seminar is full and.

I'm. I'm anticipating that the killer the. January training because we've been promoting this for quite a while now it's probably going to be really full it's going to fill up really fast if you're one of these. VIP ticket holders we will make a seat for you even if the training is full.

We'll add an extra seat and you'll get to you'll get to come to the front row and participate in that training let's say you can't make it. But you have a loved one or a family member or a colleague that you think would benefit from this training you can give them your. VIP ticket you say hey. I can't use this.

But you're more than welcome to go in my place and they can come and get a front row seat and get some of the best most powerful hypnosis. NLP training that exists in the world today um let's say between now and. January we raise the price maybe we go to 3750 or or uh 40 41 97 or something like that your price is guaranteed if you're a. VIP ticket holder it doesn't matter what the price point is you will always be able to get in and you always get your free seat when you redeem that.

VIP ticket. So that's pretty pretty freaking awesome deal as long as you're in our. VIP uh ticket holder database this ticket is good until you choose to redeem it right. All you need to do to claim your it's a total now look.

Look. At the math now total value is $1 13,26 okay. So let's let's review what we got here face reading for fund and profit home study course it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free well actually let me we got a little we got a little boooo there that's that's a typo hold on a. Second oops that didn't work out the way.

I planned it there we go okay. Um sorry about that fol oops sorry about that these things happen. Okay. So face reading for home for.

Fun and. Profit home study course is a $1,997 value we're going to give to you absolutely free the the defense against the dark arts home study course again $1,997 value yours free we're going to give you the identity by. Design home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring trial program three-month trial plus the archive $891 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the face reading for fund and profit level two home study course $1,997 value absolutely free and of course you're going to get get that killer influence. VIP super ticket our 5-day covert hypnosis certification boot camp $3,150 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and it total package value is $1 13,26 you can get it all for one low installment of just n do the math guys one low installment of 9.97 or three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click this link right. Now www. killer influence.com for slashface it's www. killer influence.com slfac. CE okay.

Go ahead and click that link right. Now uh what we're going to do now is. I'm gonna we're gonna take a seven minute break wahaha. I found a way welcome aboard.

Courtney welcome aboard all right. Uh we're we're going ahead and take take a seven minute break when we come back in seven minutes we're going to pick up and we're going to commence part three of the webinar we're going to pick up where we left off on the facial map and. Then. I will start.

I will take questions on any other aspect of face reading that you're interested in um. But go ahead and click those links right. Now before all the all the free training slots are gone uh apparently we're getting a lot of uh a lot of traffic over here. So by all means go ahead click that link right.

Now click it click it click it uh and we will see you in seven minutes talk to you soon all right. My friends coming out for the end of our break what questions do you have what can. I other questions can. I answer for you if any okay.

What questions do you guys have for me before we move into part three mu berer all right. All right. My friends let's go back to our facial map okay. So when.

Last we left our. Intrepid uh our. Intrepid lady here we were talking about uh. Joy sadness sorrow grief.

Etc the. Next couple lines. I want us to look. At we can see these on the face.

First one is humor humor can be seen by a single line in the bottom lip. Okay. Now people with this kind of line they they appreciate jokes they can often tell a good joke um contrast that when we look. At um this is a little fun factoid when we look.

At the space between the upper lip and the base of the nose this area is called the filtrum when you look. At people one of the things you want to pay attention to is how much space is there other words is the filtrum long medium or short okay. And the reason that we look. At this is because when you see somebody who has a really short filtrum when the area between here and here is really small you're looking at somebody who is sensitive criticism okay.

And that relates to humor in the fact that this person can appreciate humor about other people. But will not can't they can't take teasing will not tolerate teasing very well. So you want to be very very um careful when uh when you see a very short filtrum these people tend to take things a little bit more even if they don't show it they'll tend to take things a little bit more personally. So um obviously the longer the filter the inverse is true these people tend to be um a little bit more easygoing a little bit more laid-back they can they can kind of um be a little bit more you know they they can laugh at themselves whereas the people with uh the shorter philtrums not.

So much now there's also another um another trait that's not on this map um and it's not an emotional characteristic. So much as a behavioral one um in fact we've come we've seen this this the the behavior connected to this marking. So often uh in. Planet.

David and at the minute with somebody we we somebody with this marking we automatically put them on observation. So one of the things you'll see every now and. Then is someone with a little extra flesh right. Here right.

And it's usually like it's like somebody took. A little um how can. I express this it's like somebody took. A little like a little piece of clay you know how some if you if you put your fingers in clay and pinch it there's a little lip or a little tiny piece that's where where you smun it together it's like somebody took.

Their lip and just pinched it a little bit and that created a little extra flesh there this is and the reason. I talk about this both the filtrum and the um and this piece of. Flesh because both my kids my kid one of my each of my kids has one of these things um the short filtrum very sensitive to criticism okay. The little extra flesh um these people have they're drama they create drama all right.

These people will cause fights with people or get an arguments with people uh just because they're bored okay. Um and. So drama tends to follow these people wherever they go um. I've seen this marking five or six times um coming through people in my trainings and it's it's always that's it's always played out that way um.

So the thing remember when you see that little fleshy marking is that these people in addition to being drama magnets will blow things way out of proportion and here's the here's the here's one of the defining characteristics of this when you try to tell people about this they will deny it they will deny it and they will get dramatically virulently over-the-top emphatic about denying it. So if someone has gotten. Botox. Then do they end up with the characteristics depends on where they've gotten the botox.

But. Botox in general tends to numb or dampen emotional responsiveness and emotional affect. So a lot of times um people will get. BOTOX in between the in between the eyes.

To smooth out the wrinkles here and. So they they'll lose their ability to express conversely they'll also lose their ability to uh process those emotions. So they'll tend to have a little bit more repression going on even though they're not consciously showing it injecting neurotoxin into any part of your body is really not a good idea ever okay. Um.

But because this part of the body part of the face is connected to the liver and the gallbladder that's the area those particular toxins will tend to affect effect okay. So. I hope that helps right. So even though the thing the two things.

I just. T the size of the filtrum and that little extra flesh are not on your emotional map um. I want you to be very sensitive and be very aware of people who have those particular characteristics uh and see if the behavior is uh is consistent right. Now remember people can be very sensitive to criticism.

But won't show it until they reach a certain a certain limmit okay. Um is this helpful is this useful type it in the chat yes. And yes. We having fun.

So far buer remember. I thrive on interaction. I get. I get neurotic if you guys don't give me empathic and emphatic uh constant interactiveness all right.

Helpful definitely okay. Very good all right. Let's get back to um. So the mouth is really a very powerful um we can tell a lot and obviously the mouth is one of the most expressive parts of the human body.

But just the thickness and the fleshiness and the length and the and the and the angle of the mouth will tell us different things about different people and again when you come to face reading uh for. Fun and. Profit or you come to killer influence we'll go over some of those characteristics. So you can you can get an even deeper level of profiling.

But today one of the things that. I find that. I want to focus on once again um is the emotions of the face because. I think for you the ability to unpack and read people's emotions is going to be the one of the fastest ways to turn your training tonight into something that is generating a return on your investment and.

So that's kind of where. I want to go okay. Um let see here back to sharing the screen all right. So.

I don't know why my my program decided to put a little heart there. But it's just kind of cute all right. So let's look. At three major uh four major traits that.

I want to um that can that we're going to take them individually. But together they can create a problem and this again is something that would be really really uh helpful foric medical practitioners or people who do a lot of work with chronic or terminal illness and repressed emotion one of the. First things we want to look. At is little vertical lines in the upper lip these lines are known as over nurturing lines when you see these lines these are indicative of somebody who has been from childhood that if you give you will receive that it that you're it's more important to give than to receive and.

So what they've been doing either most of their life or a significant amount of time in their lives is they've been just giving and giving and giving and giving waiting for somebody to actually return in in to the same degree that they feel that they've been giving because they're playing by a set of rules that say you will get get back from the universe in propor in proportion to what you get and what happens is with these people they keep giving and giving and giving. But they never get back and. So they never feel nurtured or nourished to the same degree that they are giving and. So what happens over time is they will develop these lines uh these vertical lines above the lip they also tend to come down with uh intestinal stuff intestinal issues.

So. IBS. Crohn's disease [Music] um what are some other ones constipation te stagnation um there's some other there's some there's some others that escape me. But when you.

So when you see these lines what you're dealing with is somebody who spent. So much time giving away their energy to everybody else that they actually start to feel cheated they feel disappointed because life isn't isn't playing by the rules that they've been playing by and they keep trying to to to play by those rules. But they keep seeing people getting ahead. But not playing by those rules and it starts to cause them to become disa the disappointment that they feel which causes these little lines at the corner of the mouth that's what these lines mean these wrinkles at the corner of the mouth are disappointment lines this constant disappointment that they're receiving from the over nurturing behaviors causes them to become very bitter and bitterness can be seen by vertical lines below the lower lip now each of these can be there individually they can be there on its own.

But when you see these lines all three sets of these lines and they're deep and they're long what you'll often and again please take this in the spirit in which meant it's not meant as a diagnosis or a course of medical treatment it's often a recipe for cancer okay. And the reason and the and the the way this pathology plays out is the over nurturing continues they become increasingly disappointed they're getting more and more tired the disappointment is growing they start to get really really bitter and. Then they start to lapse into a at some level a feeling of hopelessness and. So what happens when the when the unconscious mind doesn't see any way out of something many times it will manifest illness either as a coping mechanism communication or an escape.

So in other words as a coping mechanism uh somebody who has these lines and develops a. Cancer all of a sudden people start being nicer they start doing things for them they start taking care of things that the other person would have to take care of on their own uh in therapeutic world we would call this a secondary gain another way that it can manifest is as a communication disease often manifests as a metaphor for unresolved emotion. So a lot of times uh when people manifest an illness that's the unconscious mind trying to communicate that there's something unresolved at the deeper level that needs to be addressed. So you have coping mechanism communication and.

Finally as an escape if a person lapses into hopelessness they will manifest an illness as a way to leave okay. Now clinically. I've dealt with all all levels of this they're all treatable as long as you can get the person to want to change okay. So here here's the bottom line each of these is its own trait okay.

You have bitterness or over nurturing. I'm sorry here disappointment and bitterness when these three show up together now these people are on a trajectory now that doesn't mean if you have all three of these markings that you're going to get cancer or that you have cancer. So. I don't want.

I don't want you to assume that that's the case what. I'm saying is is that if you have these markings you have to clear and if you don't clear it it's going to get your attention one way or another. So you need to go in and unpack the negative emotions you need to transform the limiting beliefs and install a better belief system that allows you to perceive yourself in the world and generate better behaviors okay. And this is actually one of the strengths that that face reading allows us to do is once we can.

Target what your emotional patterns are we know where to go we know how to change it we have that's why we gave you the package that we gave you with ident by. Design and the conversation hynosis techniques because now we can track that back to its source we can eliminate it and we can help people resolve it. So you can do this with yourself you can do this with other people. Barbara saying how do you change hold on a.

Second let me how do you change beliefs oh that's that that's all in identity by. Design in the identity by. Design program uh in your package all the all the ways to do that are there uh you also can do re use. Renegade reframing or some of the other.

NLP belief change tactics uh. Magnum. Mo said. David could you use my face to review the lines.

I could. I probably won't um. But um because that that could take us in a direction that um again takes us off track. But um for those of you who want face readings we do offer them uh they're not cheap.

But. I do have several certified face readers online. So if you want to get your face read um you not me give them all a call at 858 282 4663 and um. I'm happy to we're happy to set that up for you okay.

Um. So one of the lines that's on a more positive note one of the lines that's actually more beneficial that we like to have these are called is a line right. Here a line that extends from the uh where the the alanazi or the nostril meets the face and extends down in chin in the. Chinese system these lines are called.

Falling otherwise known as purpose lines. Chinese would say that or the. Asians would say that if you don't have these lines by the time you're 50 you're doing something wrong uh and these lines indicate somebody who is um doing what they came here to do they're on track in their career their personal life their their spiritual journey they're on track. So these are lines that are really um we tend to call them laugh lines.

But they're actually lines that you you actually want to have that show that you're on track. Natalie says pH got those lines you got that right. Now going back to what we talked about earlier about public versus private if. I'm looking at somebody and on the right.

Side of their face this line is super deep. But this line is verely there what does that tell us what does that tell us if if if one of those if the line on the public side is long and deep. But the one on the on the private side is shallow and short what can we extrapolate from that type the answer in your chat come on guys you got to be taking notes ber professional purpose or goals okay. Barry says anybody else.

Avery says um this person hasn't fully owned up to their purpose for being on this. Earth okay. Which line. Avery for you which line would tell you that which line tells you that that the right.

The one on the right. Or the one on the left the one on the public side or the one on the private side um. Nicole says they can feel a sense of purpose with others not with family or friends okay. Uh.

Courtney saying purpose professionally in the right. Po okay. Doing the right. Job okay.

Okay. You guys are on the right. Track if. I see someone who's got stronger lines or falling lines on their public side this tells me that on a professional level on a on a interactiveness level this person is his life is on track they're doing professionally what is in harmony with their spiritual nature what they came here to do.

But they're not quite as in sync in their personal life you'll see this a lot of times in. Workaholics right. People who are just. So passionate about what they do um for money or as a career.

But their fames neglected or when they get home all they do is get for why they're not home and in this this kind of a scenario you'll see someone who is has a less than satisfying uh family life could also be now here's the thing it'll tell us the level of satisfaction that a person is experiencing. But it won't necessarily tell us what is causing that and that's an important important distinction to make we know what's happening. But we don't know why we don't know what's causing it and. So part of the job of a face reader especially one who's trained by me is once you figure out what's going on how do we get people to their why how do we get to the reason behind why these markings are the way they are right.

And that's why. I put the package together for you that. I did because if you're going to be a face reader in my plan in my world you also have to have therapeutic techniques and applications to fix what you unpack now many times just the act of unpacking a face facial marking will cause that marking to change and go away. But there are faster ways to do it if you have the training and.

So that's why we included that in the package that we did another marking. I want you to be very aware of is here on the chin now on your facial diagram you see like look. Like little wrinkles or lines in actuality what. I see more often than not look.

More like little orange peels. So when you see this little dappling or dimpling in the chin you're dealing with someone who's rep who has experienced and repressed a lot of fear. So these people have hidden fears and insecurities that are keeping them from exerting their will and going forward in life. So once again you have to be very very um diplomatic and gentle in how you talk to people about this.

Barbara says' oo. I've got those now how you would talk to people about that you say you have an amazing you have a beautiful chin and. I've noticed that you have these slight little markings these slight almost like orange peel type markings on your chin and many people who. Express this marking have often experienced a lot of fear in their past fears that they're kind of holding on to and.

I'm curious with that be true for you and what you got to do is you got to watch their face and specifically you're looking for two things as you describe and you start asking questions about a marking does the light in their eyes. Change do they get brighter when you see the eyes. Get brighter what you what you seeing are moments of shining in you're seeing moments where more of their spirit is being pulled back into their body because that's as face feeders that's what we want to do we want to pull someone's spirit back into their body and have them become more um identified and. Associated into the meat because when they do that the body gets healthier the more traumatized a body gets the more stuff it represses the less hospitable and uncomfortable the environment becomes the more a person's mind and spirit want to remove itself from that okay.

Okay. So when we see these markings especially if you're a therapist chances are if this person's having trouble moving forward in life you're going to be dealing with a lot of repressed fear anxiety phobias and worry okay. So for those of you who are may be joining us late this is face reading for. Fun and.

Profit and um we have an amazingly cool training opportunity for you guys um. So let me just remind you that uh the the fast action bonuses go away when. I log off the webinar and. So here's what we got for you okay.

Starts with the face reading for fund and profit level one home study course it's a $1,997 value we're going to include absolutely free of charge our. Premier. NLP and cobbert hypnosis training program rank the number one. NLP training course of 2022 and 2023 this is defense against the dark arts it's a 1,00 $997 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to include the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course it's a $1,497 value we're going to include that for you absolutely free we're going to give you the people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value you're going to get that one free we're going to give you the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and access to the 13-year video archive it's an 89 $ value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get face reading for fund and profit level two home study course it's the compendium and the companion to the level one program that we started with it's a $1,997 value and we're going to give that to you absolutely free and for the. Next 21 people who register and grab their package today you're going to get 100% absolutely free it's a fast action super bonus you're going to get a.

VIP ticket to our. Next five day killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis certification boot camp. January 23rd to the 27th 2024 here in. San.

Diego. California um people were asking oh. I already had now let's say you you you've bought one of our packages in the past and you already have one of these programs all you have to do is reach out to. Moss let him know and you can choose something of equal or lesser value we will happily customize that program we'll swap it out for you.

So you don't have duplicates and you still get the full value of the package that's something we just do automatically. U. I forgot to mention it earlier um just because. I was trying to get through all the different things and make sure that people were getting the um the biggest bang for their buck.

So. Lamar. Farah is asking showing the public of what one doesn't have yet okay. Um.

I think that's referring to the following lines. M9 is asking what does facial hair indicate for example what would a soul patch indicate. I don't actually know what a soul patch is uh. M9.

So. I. I don't you're talking about those little triangles that that people put here um usually hair in an area indicates an um an attempt to energize or amplify a trait. So a lot of people um when they have facial hair it will be an exaggeration or an amplification of somebody people with beards will tend to be a little bit more willful uh especially if they're if they're really full on the jaw they'll be very strong ethically people with um people with more triangular chins and usually the soul patch will exemplify that triangular aspect of the chin these people will be a little bit more willful.

But they'll also be a little bit more. I don't want to say they're going to be more narcissistic um. But they're going to be a little bit more all about themselves more. So than about a group.

So one of the things. I learned in one of my face reading trainings um was that people with broader chins and. Jaws have very are very strong leaders. But the broader the chin the broader the jaw the more group oriented or servant leadership oriented a person is whereas when the chin is narrower these people are strong leaders as well.

But they're more of the. I'm the boss do what. I say and serve me kind of people right. So both of them are very strong leaders.

But one has more of a group servant leadership kind of a a mindset whereas the other one's a little bit more all about them both. PE both types of leaders can be extremely effective it's just what's your leadership style what's your management style right. But both ex both have a strong will. Barbara says.

David you're giving us gold thank you thank you. I'm glad right. And if you're getting any if you've got even two things that you like. I encourage you to click the link right.

Now go to. NLP power.com slf and support the training support. Planet. David grab your course become a face reader become someone who's an agent of change and transformation and start changing the world one person at a time starting with you click the link and and get yourself on the fast track to to literally embodying these skills okay.

Um what about skin moles and scars skin moles tend to amplify the energy in the area corresponding to uh the trait. So if. I have a mole on my chin that's a little extra energy of willfulness that. I can use um if.

I have a mole on um my eyelid for example or a mole on my um um well on on on my forehead for example this is somebody. I'm going to be a little bit more of an have more of achieving energy right. So moles ex and many times tend to amplify the energy connected to a particular location trade or attribute if. I have a mole on my nose.

I may be more uh egocentric and a little bit more have a bigger sense of self and personal empowerment than um someone without one of those right. Um. I've seen different um. I don't talk about.

Mo. I talk about moles a little bit in my classical face reading training. I have two different face reading programs that. I run.

I have face reading for. Fun and. Profit and. Then.

I have what. I call classical. Chinese. Five.

Element face reading which you need a little bit more background in energetics. Chiang uh and. Chinese medical. Theory uh to really get the most out of that program.

So. I start with people who can't even spell. Chinese medicine uh and give them what they absolutely need to be influential and persuasive and and be able to profile and. Then if people want to learn more of the energetic classical stuff.

Then. I have a different training. Silo for that and. So a lot of times we'll talk more about the moles and things of that nature um in the.

Five. Element face reading uh and the classical. Chinese face reading program. So must uh the mustache is energizing the reproductive system it can it can it can also be um because it's it's adding extra protection to an area and adding more energy it could also systematically affect the intestines because that's that's an intestinal area it's also a reproductive area um for some for some things okay.

So again there's different different uh teachers will give you different interpretations of that um. But the for example like the face the hair thing. I actually learned uh my. First exposure to face reading was in martial arts and.

I would learn how to read the face. So. I knew where the energy was strongest. So.

I could manipulate that energy and one of the things. I was taught to look. For uh was facial hair because facial hair would give it an extra layer of protection and the more hair that was in an area the more energy and sensitivity it tended to have. So if we take that and we extrapolate to the location we can say okay.

When someone is having uh is is growing a mustache for example a they're guarding that area and causing a reservoir of energy to build up in that area which can amplify the traits right. So hopefully what about birth marks once again birth marks uh depending on where they're at um can either enhance an energetic correspondence or they can actually impede one okay. M9 says thank you. I can recommend you to some good friends thank you excellent um.

So yeah one of the things we want when we start looking at markings on the face things that we weren't born with uh for example one of the things we look. At is scars a lot of times scars have believe it or not again you can. I when. I.

First time. I heard this. I screamed from across the room. So loud that people turned around and looked at me okay.

Uh. First time it happened um was when. Lillian said that if you if you actually succeed in unpacking an emotional marking on the face that marking will go away and the. First thing.

I'm in the back of a symposium. I'm going and she heard me from across the room and she started unpacking my face and like the woman was dead on it's like. I was oh there's there's something here right. The.

Next thing where. I had my that my moment was when she said a lot of times if you get a. SC like we like all right. Let's let's take a little s your your your history and your timeline is written on your face let me show you what that looks like.

So what you see here for men your timeline from conception to about age 120 starts on the uh left ear start one two three hold on a. Second one two three four five six seven eight 991 through 14 and. Then 15 zigzags down the face. So.

So let's say that you're 14 years old right. So chronologically you're here and you have a fall or uh you walk into a door and you wind up with a scar here according to the energetics and the vibration of what's happening there unless you do something something is going to happen to you around the age of 22 to 24 because that scar is is predictive of something that's waiting for you okay. Let's the question was asked about birth marks let's say that when. I'm born.

I have a marking here right. So. I'm born here or. I'm born here here and.

Then. I go through my life something is waiting for me at that age now the nice thing about this is that if you understand this you can actually do something about it you can start to unpack this um this line before you get to it and. So instead of it being this life-altering world shattering cataclysmic event it's a speed bump right. So there is a predictive aspect to this um and again one of the one another one that that's really crazy is people always.

Mark when their siblings are born. So like if a if if. I'm doing a face reading and. I'm.

I'm working with a woman and she had and she's a mother and she wants to have another baby she'll ask she might ask me something like can you tell me when. I'm going to have my. Next child and. I'll look.

At her and say no. And she'll say why. I said because your other your child isn't here right. Now because it's not the mother who marks when the.

Next child is born it's the child who marks when the. Next child is born. So if you have a son or a daughter in order for me to tell when the. Next child is going to be born.

I have to read their ear not yours and that's that's scarily accurate. So as woooo is it sound there's some kind of mechanism at work that. PR that can predict things that are going to happen. But here's what's really what's really cool is it's not set in stone you can change things if you know how to unpack them now that's that's not the focus of what this particular course is about.

But in the medical chiong or not noal in the medical face reading the. Jing the chi the. Shen modules in the classical face reading these are things that we we look. At right.

You. Mark if you had trouble in utero like if you when you were conceived and you had trouble during the birth process it will mark on the child's ear right. If you were a wanted baby or an unwanted baby it will mark on your ear those are part of what we call the. Constitutional training the.

Jing trainings that's not what this is about. But since people are asking about birth marks and things of that nature scars moles things like that where that mole is on the face can be indicative of an event waiting for you same idea where does the skin tab show up in terms of the chronological age now. I'll give you one. Last piece before we go back to the facial map women's age markings and men's age markings are different and here's what.

I mean by that let's go back to our our little map. So women we look. At their ear their lines begin on the right. Side.

So their right. Ear they'll start with zero a conception and. Then one two three all the way over to did. I get that right.

Yeah seven years old and. Then it'll pick up on the opposite ear. So it goes right. Ear left ear and.

Then it'll go down the middle men are the opposite men will start on the left and. Then they'll pick up on the right. And. Then they'll zigzag down the middle on the face okay.

So the way. I remember this and again. I this is not something you need to remember it's not something you're going to find really useful um right. Away.

But since we're on the subject of it. I decided to share it with you yeah basically the way. I do it is um women are always right. And and what's left or men that always gets a laugh in my classes women are always right.

And what's left or men right. So. So we can track a lot of things in your personal history now a lot of times you'll see little indentations scars markings that intersect various age markers many times those indentations and wrinkles are indicative of trauma trauma has happened at the at that particular age right. And.

So many times when. I'm reading a face. I'll say well what happened when you were 27 right. And if you start asking questions like that be ready because many times that you will provoke an emotional.

AB reaction in the person. I think my my my my record for creating an. AB re action in somebody is like 35 seconds where. I was literally teaching a seminar.

I'm walking down the aisle. I look. At this lady's ear and. I said to her what happened when you were five and boom the the dam broke she breaks down she's having these emotional discharges and it took.

Us about three hours to clear all that stuff for her because that's what we do if you invoke it you got to help them clear it right. That's why. I said be careful this information is powerful and it and it goes right. To people's emotional triggers.

So use it with love respect compassion don't be afraid to use it. But use it with wisdom okay. Use it with wisdom because you really do have you really do gain an immense ability to influence people okay. Is this useful is this helpful you guys enjoying the show.

So far yes. Or yes. Extremely use okay. Good all right.

So let's go back um once again because repetition is a secret to this again if you're enjoying the process if you see how this can help you by all means please click this link go to. NLP power.com forace grab your course before they're all gone uh again you're going to get the secrets of face reading level one home study course you're gonna get defense against the dark arts uh absolutely free you're going to get the identity by. Design home study course again if you're going to read is this is this is an important course to have okay. Defense against the dark arts will help you protect yourself and influence others the identity by.

Design course will help you to heal what you find both in yourself and other people people reading for. Fun and. Profit will allow you to read other people's dress body language and carry yourself with more. Poise confidence and.

Charisma. The. Mastermind mentoring trial program and archive will give you the opportunity to get. Hands-On training and feedback in real time for three solid months plus access to a huge huge skill set um and.

Then. Finally you get the face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two which.

Builds on the training and face reading level one and. Then you get to actually get into a room with 30 or 40 of your your your colleagues and comrades and arms and practice and totally immerse yourself in these skills it's a$ 13,26 value you can get all of this plus all of our comprehensive feedback and support from moss and. Mia myself for one low investment at just $99.97 it's not going to get easier guys it's not going to get less expensive in fact the prices are probably going up again soon. So.

I want you to get the biggest bang for your buck you can break that into three easy installments. But click this link right. Now seriously click it www.lpower.com slf invest in yourself and take your life and the lives of those you care about to the. Next level okay.

Let's go back um. Then the links are in the chat. So please please please go ahead and jump in those and let's go to here we're back to emotions okay. So another set of emotions that you want to look.

At let's get this off there um and these are kind of interesting um you know what. I have to show you. I have to go back to the ear map to show you this now on the side of the face right. In front of the ear you'll see little wrinkles sometimes they're like little gills and these are called auditory intuition.

LS. So let me explain these really quick. I have these. I have these in abundance you probably can't see them on that screen.

But these lines are are like little wrinkles right. In front of the ear and this this is a form of auditory hypervigilance these lines come about because the person who who manifested them grew up in an environment that was not safe and it was not safe on a verbal or vocal level this person developed the ability to hear things and hear subtle cues in people's spoken language either tonally um ver verbally in terms of the the actual word usage things of that nature that will let them know when to hold their you know to be careful what they say and be careful how they act. So people grow up with where they have to literally walk on eggshell they develop these lines. So it starts off as a form of self- protection.

But what happens is over time these people develop the ability to intuitively detect to understand subtext to understand when people are maybe holding something back or spinning things that aren't exactly the the way they actually happened. So we call these people natural they have natural detectors right. Now physiologically what's interesting about this from a. Chinese medical perspective is that these particular lines are located on an energetic.

Meridian or pathway known as the triple warmer. Meridian now the triple warmer. Meridian one of the functions of it is lymphatics. But the other is um water metabolism and.

So what you'll see many times uh people who have these markings are often prone to dehydration to poor fluid management okay. And. So one of the things that happens if they're aware of it is they're always drinking water right. They're constantly drinking.

But one of the side effects of drinking a lot of water is that you flush the electrolytes out of your system. So we supplement with water. But we don't replenish the electrolytes and. So what happens because of that that deficient electrolyte balance we start to experience irregular heartbeats like tacac cardia or hypoc or tacac cardia and forget what the the low slow harp is.

But it's erratic and we often think people with this marking often think they're having panic or anxiety attacks because of the the poor electrolyte balance and. So they think they that they have a lot of anxiety when in actuality what's going on is they don't have enough electrolytes. So in a huge number of the people. I've worked with just supplement if you have these markings start taking electrolytes on a daily basis and notice if you have if your panic attacks or your anxiety attacks start to diminish and go away has anybody noticed that yes.

Or yes. Ber yeah um again one of the things. I did because. I have these and.

I and. I would have these rapid heartbeats all the time and. I'm like. I'm pretty chill most of the time why am.

I getting this why am. I having trouble sleeping and. Then my and when. I was getting taught and training this by.

Lilian and. I found out about these markings. I said well let's start supplementing with electrolytes and magnesium and see what happens and lo and behold within a couple of days my my my rapid heartbeats and they just started to to to even out. So again if you if you have these lines and you are prone to a panic or anxiety attacks or at least the.

TAC of cardio rapid heartbeats or regular heartbeats try supplementing with electrolytes and see what happens right. I'm not prescribing it. But it's it's relative it's a food. So it's relatively harmless right.

But again if you have any doubts consult your physician uh before beginning any kind of of changes in your in your diet regimen or anything like that okay. Yeah and again check these markings and see if they're there now while we're on the subject of of cardiovascular or or heart issues there's another marking on the ear which. I'm going to show you on our diagram here that again. I also want you to be aware of.

U this one's really important uh and it often manifests as little lines or wrinkles on the ear sometimes it's one sometimes it's three right. Uh. Western. Medical people actually call this the cardiac.

Notch. So you'll see the same the same um body or or facial trait in the western side as well as the. Eastern side people with these wrinkles in their ear tend to have um erratic they have blood pressure issues and what. I mean by blood pressure issues is erratic blood pressure right.

Sometimes it's high sometimes it's low right. But it's it's and the other thing that that behaviorally that you'll see with this particular trait is these people are prone to exaggerated stress or shock responses. So let me give you an example for this if somebody has these markings and you know how sometimes you're walking down a hallway and somebody unexpectedly comes out of a doorway or around a corner and you have that startle effect. So if the average stress level in the average human being is a three or four someone with this marking who who has that same experience their their stress level maybe like at eight nine or 10 where they literally like sometimes they they get dizzy they get or they they they they faint because of the shock or the surprise.

So a lot of times these people will experience a an emotional event with an exaggerated way uh. So be very. So now if you have these markings it doesn't necessarily mean that you're gonna have a heart attack and die or you're gonna have a stroke or or whatever. But it does mean you should probably a spend more time meditating and learning how to regulate your stress levels.

So that you're you're much harder to knock off balance the other thing is is you should probably really pay close attention to your cardiovascular health. So that you're not doing things through your lifestyle your diet um your exercise level things of that nature that could lead to cardiac issues down the line again it's not it's not necessarily an indicator that you have a heart problem. But the potential for one if that makes any kind of sense okay. Is this helpful is this useful cool all right.

Coming into the home stretch here um you guys want me to finish the facial map or you guys want to just do uh random questions it's up to you which direction do you want to go map mber says she wants the map okay. Map okay. Facial map is good all right. Good.

So here's where we're at. So far we've covered uh uh skepticism. Joy sadness sorrow grief humor bitterness fear over nurturing disappointment purpose purp auditory intuition blood pressure regularities the. Next one we want to look.

At is pain now pain can be physical or it can be emotional these lines if you see someone who's not currently in pain. But you see these markings. I would say better than seven out of seven out of 10% chance or seven out of 10 70 out of 70 out of 100% chance that they've repressed a severe amount of emotional pain they're hurting inside okay. If you see this on somebody ask them if they have any physical pain that they're going through that they've been suffering from for a long period of time now these lines they start at the outer canthi or the outer corner of the eye and they migrate diagonally towards the center of the face.

So whereas. Joy. Sadness and. Sorrow start from the outer canthus and they move laterally they move outward these start outward and move inward towards the bridge of the nose okay.

Now you'll notice there's some lines right. Here these lines also uh move down the bridge of the nose these are called disempowerment lines. So. I want to talk about these lines um a bit more than.

I want to talk about pain lines because. I. I. I worked a lot with chronic and intractable pain.

So you'll see that in you'll see those pain markings in those kinds of patients. But if you're doing therapy work like hypnotherapy or. NLP or coaching or mentoring um. Counseling of any kind if you see people with these lines down the sides of their nose like in the diagram let me explain how this manifests how many of you are familiar with um an old television sitcom called.

Allin the family type it in the chat if if you know what. I'm talking about if not it's it's it would never it would never make it on the air in the 21st century uh because of how. Politically. Incorrect it is compared to the the modern culture.

But in that show there's uh the main character is a guy named. Archie. Bunker who is the world stereotypical white dude. Protestant bigot it's just it's just him right.

And. Then there's his wife. Edith now. Archie is the king of his castle right.

And. Edith is the guy the lady who's always trying to make it better. So anytime. Archie's upset anytime.

Archie's pissed off anytime. Archie's hungry okay. Aie it's okay. We'll make it better whatever you want we'll do that right.

We call these disempowerment lines right. Because what happens in this person's life is that at some point in their life sometime usually more than once somebody violated their boundaries right. Somebody either physically tried to hurt them or or impose thems on them or emotionally or cognitively tried to impose themsel on them and and and just overran their boundaries and this person valiantly attempted to fight back attempted to say no. You can't do that that's not okay.

And when they said that that's not okay. You can't do that. I don't want you to do that the person they're pushing back against pushed back even harder and rather than continue to fight the person just wanted to. Make.

It. Stop. So they said okay. Okay.

Okay. Whatever you want just don't hurt me just don't hit me just don't don't punish me in any way and they started doing anything they could to appease the violator okay. And over time what will happen is that appeasement or that disempowerment will manifest as lines down the sides of the nose okay. And.

I've seen some really really intense examples. I've seen examples of people when they're not making any expression at all it's like somebody took. A little little xacto knife or a little box cutter and just cut little divots in the side of their nose now if you're a caregiver a therapist uh a coach a teacher and you see these markings guaranteed dollars to. Donut somehow somewhere in that person's history they've been put into that appeasement position.

So it's almost always seen in some form of abuse bullying um sometimes this you'll see this in ass kissers you'll see this in people who don't have a lot of power self and. So they'll give you gifts and things of that nature to get you to like them. So you won't hurt them right. But when you see these lines in a client you've got someone who on the surface will tend to be very upright.

Very you know stands up for themsel. But if you just push back a little bit harder they'll collapse like a house of cards and they'll they'll basically give in to what you want now my theory on this and again. I this is purely. David's years of observation if you you know one of the things we'll talk about in defense against the dark arts and in killer influence at the training is how do these persuasion.

Predators how do they know who to pick on how do they know who to. Target and while there are some obvious things that these. Predators learn. I think there's also an intuitive part certain certain facial characteristics certain body language.

Chara characteristics that are hardwired into these people that they know who's the easy. Target and. I believe my personal belief is that one of them are these markings okay. And.

So again if you you take it liberties with someone with these who has this tendency and they push back and. Then you push back hard and they just give you what you want that's a perfect. Target for someone who is more on the predatory uh. Spectrum right.

For you as a therapist if you if you have these markings or you're working with people with these markings even if that's not what they're coming to you for at some point that's probably going to come up. So you want to start to build into your your treatment protocols for lack of a better word ego strengthening and um. Shoring up those defenses and. Boundary uh protection mechanisms okay.

Because it can lead to people who go into appeasement very very easily okay. [Music] um let's do one more really quickly and. I like to erase. So.

I you know we don't get confused okay. Another line that we want to look. At is right. Here now there's several varieties of this line what you're seeing here is irritation annoyance or impatience.

I have these lines like it's nobody's business every now and. Then you'll see somebody with three lines when you see someone who has three lines what you've met what you've encountered is someone who's learned how to manage their impatience and annoyance. So these people still may feel annoyed. But they've learned how to manage it also every now and.

Then it's been a lot in. California you'll meet someone who has a one big old line right. Down the center just like that in the. Chinese systems we call this a suspended needle or a suspended sword and this indicates somebody who has a um a strong need to prove themsel who has usually has a strong anger at either a parent or a sibling and it's usually a a a male dominant relationship.

So um a lot of times it's a father towards a son or a son towards a father father and when you see this marking the way this usually comes about as it was explained to me was that these people got really mad at some injustice that they were subjected to and they fought back they released and let their anger go and they vented their anger and they pushed back and when they pushed back they were punished for getting angry be more specific they were punished for expressing their anger and the punishment was. So severe that these people decided that they were never going to let themselves get that angry ever again and. So they took. That energy which is connected to your liver and they locked it down they drew they put a little little barrier in their their willingness and ability to express their their wood energy now let me explain why this is a bad thing they said well why is.

Express why is not expressing anger a bad thing because it's not just about the anger this part of your body is connected to your ability to achieve results in life okay. We would say it's a wood dominated area. Okay. So if you see people with a lot of testosterone this area becomes very prominent it becomes very bony it becomes very um if.

Franken brow and these people almost always have very strong athletic abilities um they they tend to work better uh when they're in charge of a group versus when they're part of a group uh. So these these people are very very very achievement oriented athletic get they tend to be get it done people um. But anybody can have this marking. But.

I'm just just explaining why this area is is considered a wood area because it's related to the idea of testosterone and dopamine yes. Locking down emotions is what creates these lines what happens is when somebody decides. I am never going to let that amount of anger again what a person has literally done is they've taken their ability to achieve if this is the range that they that they have to express they've taken that energy and gone and. So now this is as far as they'll ever let themsel go now early in life it's it doesn't seem to be quite an issue.

But as you hit your late 20s early 30s this thing tends to manifest as an inability to launch it tends to manifest as self-sabotage. U because at one level these people are still trying to prove to that person they got angry at that they were right. That they were you know that that's one of the aspects of it the other is is that to. Achieve.

Beyond a certain level they have to tap into more of their innate power. But because they've decided that they're never going to express that level of power again they only reach a certain level of achievement in the area and. Then they either self-destruct and leave they get bored and leave or they find a new interest and leave. So.

I've met lots of people um who are still in their mind fighting a battle that happened years ago and they will become very very proficient in a particular area reach a certain level of. U fame or notoriety in that area and. Then just blow themselves up because they put a governor on their ability to achieve. So of of all the markings this one is really really something we got to clear right.

We call it a suspended needle or suspended sword. Barbara says interesting. I'm a master at hiding emotions and you can see it in my fa yes. Yes.

You can right. I'm not. I'm using the editorial. U on this.

But here's the thing and and this is again why. I. I really love the face reading. Technologies is once you see it now you can manage it and you can keep it from managing your life in other words when.

I look. At somebody and. I see they have a lot of grief a lot of sadness uh if. I see that they have a really strong brow bone.

I know right. Away these people tend will probably very um very good. Achievers. But they need to feel like they're in control right.

Um they don't take to micromanaging very well uh and. So. I'm not going to put them in a job where people are constantly looking over their shoulder and they have to answer to somebody all the time if they're just not going to thrive in that environment right. Uh if.

I see someone with a lot of fear. I'm not going to put them necessarily in a in a position where they have to deal with uh fear like door. Tod door sales right. If if.

I see someone with a lot of fear here a lot of timidity right. Putting them in a place where they have to go in and and and and talk to. Perfect. Strangers right.

That may not be the best fit for them whereas somebody who has a strong jaw strong chin strong forehead they'll walk up to just about anybody right. Again other things can mitigate that. But that that's the whole idea is once you understand not just the emotions. But the all the architecture of the face because every single aspect of the face has multiple meanings and multiple.

Dimensions. But you have to start with something that you can use right. Away and. So we start with personality and temperament emotions decision making public face private face and.

Then we go into the facial architecture right. Because you can take the emotions and just put that to work you can go out right. Now go to. Starbucks go to a local.

Diner and talk to people about their face and they'll talk to you for hours and you'll find them you'll be amazed at how accurate you are right. And because you're talking about their favorite subject thems you'll wind up getting a lot of free stuff this is before you use things like the echo technique or three magic questions or resistance removal protocol seven magic language patterns or attractivity protocols or anything that else we teach you in the packages why because people love people who make them feel good abouts and who give them the opportunity to talk about their favorite subject which is always ourselves okay. So really really powerful skill set. Barbara says you're amazing.

David thank you for dedication to teaching us both you're welcome just go out and use it that's all. I ask go out use it tell other people about it tell them where you got it right. Become a face reader become a a a someone who is an agent with what. I consider.

I consider citizens of. David at whatever level you're at to be agents of change. I can't do it alone you guys. I'm giving you guys the power to make to create the world you want to create starting with you and.

Then making everybody else's world that you encounter a better place let's just pay it forward right. There's abundance everywhere we just got to get the bad programming out of our head get the emotions cleared. So we can see the world through a filter a set of filters that. Empower us us instead of giving us all the reasons why we have to fail or why we can't afford something or why it's going to take too long or why it's not worth the effort or blah blah blah blah blah all the things that are trying to keep us the same okay.

Because the one thing that you can guarantee will stay the same is that things will change. So how do we adapt okay. Um let's see what else. I got on my little bag of tricks here for you okay.

What about further down the middle of the face between the. Brows well that's the that's the marking. I just gave you um. Courtney.

So are you talking um hold on. Second let me erase this well okay. So. I very rarely see lines that extend down this far.

I. I rarely. I very. I don't think.

I've ever seen it. But usually there's something there's probably something going on with their spine because in. Chinese medicine um this area relates to different to to certain locations. So for example the spine and the back are in the nose.

But the spleen and the pancreas are right. Here. So if. I see lines and markings in here.

I'm going to start asking about different levels of what's going on in with their with their blood sugar what's are they do they have any back or neck issues and. I'm going to try to determine at what level this marking is telling me something's going on. So and. I've never really seen lines that go all the way down like this.

I just haven't seen them doesn't mean they're not out there. But that would be what. I would extrapolate they would mean what. I have seen though is.

I've seen lines that start up here and go down like this into the eye into the orbital socket itself and when you see these lines what you're seeing is somebody who's engaged what we call anxiety or pensiveness and overthinking this area is related to the spleen and the pancreas which as far as the. Chinese medical system is concerned are the same organ and they almost always relate to blood sugar and digestion um the emotions associated with this area is um anxiety defensiveness overthinking. So when you see lines in this area um this person person's almost always just constantly thinking they're the brain just never shuts down and. So it's starting to drain their spleen and pancreas energy which can lead by the way to blood sugar issues blood sugar issues and thyroid issues go hand inand with this a lot of times and.

So let me just erase this. So a lot of times what you'll see at the bridge of the nose is a little line or dibit and um when you see this line across the bridge of the nose right. The. Next thing.

I do when. I see that line is. I look. At their eyebrow specifically the.

Last half of the eyebrow okay. Why is that if. I see this line and. Then half of their eyebrow is like very sparse or faded high probability this person has thyroid issues okay.

Now it may not be it may not be um diagnosed. But chances are there is uh a predisposition towards a weak thyroid or hypothyroid if. I look. At that eyebrow and.

I uh. I look. And. I see a line here.

But. I don't see one here. Then. I'm going to ask if they have neck issues or blood sugar issues because that almost uh line here almost always indicates blood sugar issues of some kind.

So it's usually a problem with their diet they're they're they're not eating well doesn't necessarily mean that they're they're uh they've got diabetes or they're they're pre-diabetic it does mean that they probably have erratic or irregular blood sugar and. So once again they need to focus more on their diet uh and their exercise regimen whereas if. I see a line a horizontal line down here um they need to spend more time relaxing and meditating and focusing on breath work okay. So.

So we got a couple um any questions about any of the tactics or any of the the traits that we've covered. So far yes. Or yes. No.

Yes. No. We good okay. So let's finish up uh once again before we uh before we move on if you haven't clicked that link um we're coming down to.

Last call. So by all means make sure that you uh you grab your your special program the secrets of face reading home study course it's a $1,997 value uh it's going to come with the defense against the dark arts home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going at the identity. bydesign home study course valed at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the people reading for fund and profit home study course 1497 value once again absolutely free you're going to get the. NLP. Mastermind mentoring trial program and the 13-year video archive valued at $891 we're going to give that to you for free um we're going to give you the face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level too $1,997 and. Finally. Last.

But not least you're gonna get that killer influence. VIP super ticket uh for the training in. January 23rd to the 27th it's a $3,150 value uh total combined value for this particular package training program is $1 13,26 you can get it all for one low installment of just $997 or you can click that link and get three easy installments of just 397 you just click the link www.lpower.com slf www.lpower.com slfac and uh do that now. So you'll be one of the.

First 21 to get those fast action bonuses all right. Last. But definitely not least every now and. Then you're going to see somebody that has lines that go from the outer canthus just like a uh a joy line.

But rather than stopping at the eyebrow it continues all the way up when we see these lines. I recommend you run the other way and. I. I.

I mean that with love um these are what we call. Mania line these are things that you'll see in people who are borderline uh manic depressive disorder uh. Megamania these are people who um have too much fire their their heart is very fiery and. So they're prone to very exaggerated hyperactive behavior um you see this once again in in bipolar disorder um some borderlines have it um and.

So this is not this is unhealthy fire this is too much heart fire and. So their is always racing they can be very creative um they can be very um physical and physically aggressive um these people have a tendency especially when that fire uh really starts to flare to behave in more narcissistic sociopathic ways um they tend to get very grandiose in their behavior sometimes um. But they're erratic because it's fire and. So fire is sometimes tense sometimes it's low.

But you'll see that if they're suffering from chronic long-term stuff you'll see these long lines that go up past the eyebrow remember if they if they stop before they reach the eyebrow you're looking at basic happiness and joy. But if they extend up uh we recently had someone in the. White. House who was up at 3 o'clock in the morning texting was the poster child for uh some of these markings okay.

Um not passing judgment. I'm just saying these are examples right. These people have while that fire is flaring have a seemingly. Boundless.

Energy. But when they crash they crash hard okay. Another thing you can look. At every now and.

Then people are going to go through very trying um problematic dark times in their life and during these dark nights of the. Soul they often come out on the other side of it with some kind of a spiritual realization or. Epiphany that changes their identity it changes them on a character logical level about how they about their place in the universe and many times when they have those spiritual insights they'll. Mark with these diagonal lines that tend to travel upward from the forehead and usually start to emanate a little bit out from the.

Third eye area we call these transformation lines and. So you'll see these a lot of times in people who've gone through very intense negative dark times and come out of it on the other side with these spiritual insights about themsel and the world and the people that they're they're liberating with. So a lot of times if people are very intense spiritual be uh practitioners and meditators that you'll see markings that look. Like this they're almost like little wings we call these.

Buddha wings um and. So people who have very open. Third eyes. You'll see those manifest when they're doing um they're doing their meditations and and spiritual practices are the.

So. Barry's asking are. The. Illustrated facial lines representative of a face that's relaxed yes.

Uh one of the things that we look. At is when people. Express certain emotions certain types of lines that are hidden below the surface will become obvious. But what we look.

At. First is what is a person's face like when they're not trying to make an expression when they're not laughing or when they're not crying when they're not showing anger venting error what is their what does their resting face look. Like and the more prominent these lines and markings are when the face is resting the more intense. Wells of feeling and emotion um they're they're holding on to okay.

Does that make sense okay. Good all right. And that. I believe concludes our facial map anybody have any questions that.

I can answer before. I turn you loose on the world what questions do you have if any once again when. I please remember again. I'm trying to avoid giving you guys the scarcity.

But the truth is if. I don't you won't take action and. I want you to change your life. So remember that when.

I log off the webinar the fast action bonuses the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the uh face reading level two and the. VIP super ticket for killer influence they go away you won't no.

Longer be able to get those you can still call. Moss and and. Mia up until 11:59 p.m. tonight and get the regular package and all the bonuses. But you will lose on on the fast action bonuses bags under the eyes.

If they're puffy they usually indicate uh unshed tears or poor water metabolism if the uh if the bags under the eyes. Are dark like almost like a bruise. Then you're looking at uh tired kidneys and uh usually poor water metabolism as well. So if.

I see someone with that they're probably not sleeping well which means their kidney energy is very low which also equates to poor water metabolism you're welcome what else you got two minutes and now we're done all right. Yes. Poor water metabolism yes. So sometimes if they're puffy they'll usually be retaining water or as is often the case uh they're not they're they're they have they're holding on to unshed tears.

So if. I see puffy here. I want to look. Here do they have any any sadness grief or sorrow lines they have any lost love lines if.

I see those. Then. I'm almost you know 75% certain that they haven't finished grieving over something right. Sometimes it's re sometimes it's an old memory that was r-t triggered by a recent thing and they're puffy um.

But. I also look. At the coloration as well all right. Well in the words of the immortal.

Carol. Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

Salam good night my friends click that link grab your package and we'll see you. January 23rd through the 27th in uh. San. Diego for secrets for killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis good night.

God bless post your questions like and share we'll see you on the other side take care.
