Title: dhHpQxPEp5E.txt
Video Id: dhHpQxPEp5E
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhHpQxPEp5E

Back hopefully. So our whole internet went out at the house and i have no. Clue what was behind that. But.

So hopefully we're back on there's mickey all right. Welcome back for part two and let me go ahead and just make sure everybody's with us for those of you great spirit angels here perfect my apologies for that folks not sure uh what happened there. But uh we're good all right. Um we'll do things a little bit differently this time let's pop the chat out here and we'll put that up there all right.

So hopefully now i can i can read everybody cool oops excellent okay. That's better. So we're about to go into emotions and the face. So before i jump into the emotions does anybody have any questions about what we've covered.

So far it would now be a good time to ask said questions and blame it on politics cool all right. What are the easiest lines to work out um the easiest lines to work out i think trauma lines are actually some of the easiest lines to work out uh and what i mean by trauma lines are lines that are are are very deep that are connected to a significant event as opposed to a series of much smaller less intense events that have built up over time um. But that's purely my experience other people might have a completely opposite um way of of doing that. But you'll you'll be amazed one of one of the things that that set off my [ __ ] detector you know the.

First time i was introduced to face reading was the concept when lillian stood up in front of a room like there's probably two 200 of us in a room i think 150 200 rooms she said one of the coolest things about about the therapeutic aspect of face reading is that when you actually cleanse and transform a negative emotion the marking goes away the marking changes and i was like [ __ ] and um and. Then i got to the face reading classes and what happens at the end of the face reading class is you know after you've gone through the training for that particular week they bring in people off the street you don't know they're just volunteers who wanted to do something cool for the afternoon and they take before and after pictures and what they do is they get this wall with same lighting they take a picture you go with one of the people who are getting trained to do face reading and you do the reading and you help them resolve and rationalize and process out emotions and traumas based on what you see on their face and. Then they go back to that same wall with the same light and they take an after picture and. Then after all the volunteers have left for the day they put the pictures up on the screen side by side in their different faces and i was like holy [ __ ] batman you literally see noses get longer broader chins jump out eyebrows pop out wrinkles disappear uh we have people who are been doing face reading now in 20 years and started.

Then the pictures of them 20 years after doing it because they've worked out all their negative [ __ ]. So when it comes to alchemy and that's what we talk about when we talk about clearing your stuff it's alchemicals taking negative emotions and turning them into positive attributes from a chemical perspective there is facing is easily one of the most powerful therapeutic modalities i call it chinese vibrational psychotherapy and you can you can look. At somebody's complete emotional health from the markings on their face and you can help them through it that's one of the reason why i said be very careful because there's an alchemical process that you trigger when you start asking people about the markings on their face it's a byproduct of of of becoming and i guess i'd only use a metaphysical. But initiated into this face reading vibration for whatever it it causes people to just start practicing when you engage in the face reading process it just starts people processing stuff out and.

So i i have it on video where i've literally walked up to someone in the front row of an audience and said what happened when you were five and they have an instant ab reaction right. Just from pointing out a marking and talking about it based on the age and the severity of the market. So again where we're going now is one of the most radioactive nuclear aspects of face reading and it will give you tremendous insight into people. But you have to be very very compassionate and very very respectful in how you use it is that is that does that make sense is that fair they get triggered yes.

They do okay. Um cool. So let's see what my youtubers are saying here and once again i apologize i don't know what happened to the internet it took. Us a good six or seven minutes to get the internet back online where is the trauma line located trauma lines are located all over the face.

But as you'll discover as we go through the facial map certain lines congregate to certain parts of the face and we'll we'll discuss that a little bit. But you don't need to know any of that right. Now for the level that we're working at okay. Can can you do this on yourself yes.

I do it every morning um mir yes. You can everything that we're teaching you can be done for yourself and it can be done for other people if i couldn't use this for myself i wouldn't have bothered to learn it right. Uh heavenly grandma what does a moon face mean when one side of the face is shorter than the other side and does it affect face reading when a person gets through goes through five years uh you may need to ask clarify those questions heavenly uh certainly it does mean something post-public and private um yeah anything that affects the bony structure of the face is going to affect their jing which is going to affect their livelihood and their personality okay. So you guys ready for emotions yes.

Yes. Cool all right. So what i want you to do now is i want you to think about every single thing that you wanted to get from using face reading and what it's going to do for you and what's important to you about that as you attach that process to what i'm about to share with you you'll get the biggest bang for your buck and you'll take the most action when you do it that way um i'm happy to talk about how bony modifications to the bony structure affects people after we've begun the facial map because now this is where we'll start to talk about things like jing qi and shen and all those other places and the things we're talking about mostly now are based on the cheap the the chi aspect of a person. So let's talk about emotions let's talk about emotions and and and the emotions they conceal or the emotions that they need to heal.

So what we're going to do is we're going to begin to talk we're going to take a from a clock face. So if you think of you know 12 o'clock here six o'clock here right. So we're going to progress clockwise down the face that is not necessarily how you could read them now remember that all the lines i'm showing you are symmetrical and what i mean by that is they can be on the right. It can be on the left or as is often the case both sides what we want to look.

At now though aside from knowing what each of these lines represents we want to look. At where are they deepest and the longest the length and depth of the lines indicate the severity of the emotional the emotional charge. So when we look. At these things we can tell how long they've had it and how strong an impact on their life it's been by the depth and the length of the wrinkles themselves are we are we clear up to that point again we can talk about bumps on the head we can talk about modifications to the bony structure those are all things we can cover on the.

Second part of our our webinar okay. Are we are we are we good. So far with what i've talked about now starting at the one o'clock position on the face we have skepticism skepticism line is best seen as a horizontal line it usually starts about anywhere from halfway to the end of the end of the eyebrow. So it starts about the middle of the eyebrow and moves outward laterally towards the tail of the eyebrow.

So when you see this kind of a marketing you can intuit from this automatically that this person is has a more skeptical nature they don't take things at face value you talk to them about this trait you don't want to say unless you're joking with them you don't want to say you're a skeptical [ __ ] you don't believe anything anybody tells you um that's that's not going to give you the biggest influence on them what you want to do is you want to describe the trait without necessarily using the label and you might say something like when you look. At this line a lot of lawyers have this by the way a lot of counselors a lot of cops detectives have this line you get you're going to say something to them to the effect of you're you're someone who doesn't take who tends not to take things at face value you kind of like to have evidence to uh to support the the assertions that people make and most people will cop to that whereas if you tell them you're a skeptical [ __ ] or you're you're very skeptical person um they may not like that identity statement all that much. So when you when you present these these traits be aware that many people especially if they're stronger on the private side they may not want you to know that and. So they may not be as forthcoming with that okay.

So skepticism can be seen as a line running from about the middle of the eyebrow towards the end we look. At the outer canthus we have a line that starts from the outer canvas and travels up these are joy lines. So people uh we call them laugh lines a lot of times people who have these kinds of lines often experience a lot of joy and laughter in their life conversely if the line starts from the outer canthus and it begins to travel downward we're moving into sadness okay. Sadness now sadness has several degrees as the line continues to deepen as we continue to encounter more and more sad events in our life the line gets a little bit longer travels down through the cheek area we call this sorrow this is a deeper more longer more chronic level of uh of sadness.

Finally if we can if we don't resolve it and it continues for a longer period of time we have grief and this is where you will start to see for those of you who are clinicians you will start to see people manifesting lung symptoms especially if they're over 40 or 50. okay. You'll see asthma copd allergies um emphysema right. Why let me see if i can find a picture that well i you know i don't want to waste your time you guys are already a little bit over our time. So i want to go ahead and um and explain this to you each part each part of the face each feature of the face is related to an organ of the body and.

So how does this how does this when those of you who are clients uh if people are if you're and and you're dealing with people with a lot of grief ask if they have asthma or any any lung problems if you see markings moving through this area it's usually an indicator of a lung problem or an emotion that will eventually result in a lung problem. So a lot of your people who have unresolved grief pay attention to this area and you may notice long lines here now there's a couple other variants of grief or sadness that i want to talk about that also congregate and move through the lung area and those lines start at the inner canthus here and they move down through the lung area again. So you notice that all of these loss areas all of these deal with some kind of a loss either short term or long term deep or shallow right. But lost love is one of the ones that a lot of us suffer from.

But we don't know how to read it when we talk about lost love we're not talking necessarily about losing a spouse or losing a significant other when we see this line that travels from the inner campus and i've seen it clinically it happened two ways sometimes it comes from the inner canthus it travels across the eye and. Then it comes down or sometimes it comes right. Down from the inner canthus down through that lung area when you see a line like this what you're seeing is the loss of something that was a part of this person's sense of self the person's sense of identity. So the the example that i often use is let's say that when you were little right.

You fell in love with horses you lived and ate and breathed horses you had horses on your wall you had a horse that you wrote on the weekends you want you went to equestrian events thing you would just live it was such a big part of who you were that you couldn't imagine it ever not being part of you and. Then let's say a few years down the line you meet someone who for whatever reason they're not into horses they don't want horses they're allergic to horses they're scared of horses whatever. But for whatever reason you fall in love with this person and you decide as an act of love to give up horses. So you can be with this person the loss of that activity that was.

So fun foundational and fundamental to your sense of well-being your sense of self will cause you to mark this way now in our golden path workshops in our hypnotherapeutic practices or nlp trainings we we have this concept from daoist uh alchemy called the golden path the golden path is your you know if you've ever asked the world what i know i was sent here to do something important what is my mission in this life what am i supposed to do that was called that your golden path and each and every one of you have one and the things that bring us joy the things that cause us to light up that bring more of our spirit into our bodies our aspects that we're going to be using on that golden path and. So when we have something that lights us up like that and we are we're forced to give it up in some for whatever reason that marking happens and also part of your goal or getting back on your golden path on getting back to your mission in life is to reclaim those things that you lost. So that's a big part of our dallas golden path trainings we teach you how to get back on how to reclaim those things and put them together in such a way that it creates a life path for you. So i'm giving you an example of horses it's a common one.

But anything that was was a major major foundational part of your sense of pers who you are as a person and your sense of right. In this world if you lose it you'll tend to mark from the inner campus moving down through the lungs okay. So does that make sense when we contrast when we say lost love it doesn't necessarily mean a person it can be an activity or a talent or a passion that you had that your parents or your culture or your religious upbringing said was not cool you that's not acceptable you're not allowed to do that even though it lit you up that's what it means hold on a. Second i've covered my chat here cool all right.

So let's go back um are these useful. So far by the way hold on a. Second here yes. Okay.

Good good i just want to make sure that i'm keeping things relevant for you if you've got lines like this if you've got these lines you should get to somebody who's trained in face reading or hypnosis or golden path work or whatever and reclaim those unpack these lines and reclaim those lost loves because you're going to need those things on your golden path the golden path is not a job although it can certainly encompass a career your golden path is a lifestyle it's a way of living and moving through the world that brings everything that you have to give to the world out and allows you to feel and become your best version of yourself your most fulfilled self it's something we all aspire to many of my students often wonder how i can teach for six seven eight twelve ten days in a row eight ten hours a day and still have energy left to go out and socialize and do things or after four hours of a one-on-one session you know answering questions they're done it's because what i'm doing with you and the things i'm sharing are part of my golden path and. So the universe has made sure i have extra energy to bring that out to you. So when you look. At things that you've lost or things that are part of your overall golden path pay attention to the things that give you energy even when you're tired things that light you up and make you and make your heart sing those are the things you need to be doing you need to be focused finding ways to integrate these into your life and and it doesn't matter whether people say it's right.

Or it's wrong it's politically correct or it's not those are parts of your spiritual being that you came here to express and share with the world and if you take those back and you put them together you will make more money you will have more fulfilling social and romantic relationships you will move through the world living in the light of your truth and people will flock to you and you will become more successful faster we as self-evolving beings must learn to follow our joys to follow our passions sometimes in direct opposition to the other people telling us not to do those things nothing on your golden path is wasted if you want to know more about the golden path we have a training coming up in january i'm happy to talk to you about that when we come back from uh our offer and stuff like that. But does what is what i'm saying resonating somebody out there needed to hear this i don't know who. But if you feel that this this was something you needed to hear go ahead and type that in the chat for me okay. Yeah well again the problem with with you know if it were that easy just following our heart if it were that easy we'd all be on our golden path.

But the problem is is that there's other agencies out there other people other organizations other cultures that say following your heart is wrong and they'll make you wrong and they'll make you unacceptable because it doesn't mesh with their view of what you should be and part of the golden path you've got to remember something about the taoist approach to things is it's all about the individual much like the united states bill of rights is all about the individual you need to stand in the light of your truth you need to know in your heart what fulfills you and you need to stay true to that. But because we're brought into this world as a big blank hard drive there's a firewall between that golden that knowledge of that golden path and the blank slate we inhabit as a body people fill in all kinds of other stuff that move us away from the person we came here to be to be the person they want us to be part of my job is to give you the tools and the the awareness to decide which parts you want to keep and which parts you want to get rid of. So you can be the person you want to be rather than who everybody else wants you to be right. Okay.

So i'm just i'm put my intention to talk a lot about golden path. But um obviously somebody out there needed to hear it. So without further ado i'm going to do three or four more motions and. Then if it's okay.

I'd like to go ahead and take about 20 25 minutes or. So talk about the package we put together for you and how to take advantage of that and. Then we're going to come back and continue to teach the emotional math is that fair if you think that's fair go ahead and type it in the chat cool excellent excellent excellent all right. Let's go back to the emotions okay.

So we've talked about loss you see and when you're dealing with people who have a lot of um not necessarily trauma these are not necessarily trauma lines by the way they can be they can be the result of a trauma. But not always these are usually the accumulation of multiple events. So if we had to classify these lines from a trauma perspective we would say these are more elements of what we call comp uh cpd cptsd complex post-traumatic stress disorder all right. These are the the the culmination of multiple events as opposed to some some one one big gigantic event.

But they're all grief-related they're all loss-related. So that's what we want to talk about okay. All right. So the.

Next lines i want to talk about are um humor lines humor lines are cool we all want humor lines humor lines you can tell somebody has a good sense of humor by this little little crease in the lower lip these people can tell a good joke they appreciate a good joke they're not easily offended by by certain types of humor okay. Uh. So if you see that you know that these people have a pretty good sense of humor okay. Uh right.

Around there going back down through here is this concept of bitterness now this is what i call the deadly triad there are three traits that i see a lot uh bitterness which can be seen as little vertical lines just below the lower lip when you see these lines this person has dealt with a huge amount of disappointment in their life which can be seen by lines here. But here's what here's how you want to understand bitterness bitterness is bitterness comes from the expectation of getting something in return and not having it fulfilled over and over and over again until we become. So disgusted we just we give up. So when we see bitterness you'll almost always find disappointment lines there as well if we start to see vertical lines above the lips we call these over nurturing lines now each of these can happen independently.

But in a lot of cancer patients especially the older ones when you combine over nurturing by the way this is not medical advice this is not a medical diagnosis in any way shape or form disappointment and bitterness you have a recipe for cancer and let me explain the the the energetic ideology of this a lot of people often find themselves in situations and circumstances where they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and many of us are taught from the time we're this tall that if you give you will receive and. So we give of ourselves in the expectation that we are going to receive in proportion to the things that we're given and inevitably we find out the world doesn't work that way and we find ourselves. But we still buy into that role we keep following that rule we keep giving and giving and giving and hoping to get the same level of return and it never comes back and. So what happens is when we're giving more and more of ourselves that we're getting back we'll start to develop these over nurturing lines you'll start to see this in people who are chronic who are professional caregivers people who are taking care of a spouse or a parent who is you know being you know they're they're convalescing at home they're in uh hospice or whatever they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and it's just draining the life out of them.

But it can also be seen in um people who are uh coach are like coaches or um i hate jesus. But you know showbiz moms who are pouring all of themselves into their children to make them stars or successful and they're giving and giving of themselves and these lines start to appear. But what happens after a certain amount of time is they're expecting some kind of return on that investment and it never comes they become disappointed as they become disappointed that disappointment that prolonged disappointment starts to become they start to get bitter and resentful and. So these we'll lines.

So bitterness arises when you're in a situation that it you expected one thing and it didn't manifest and it just keeps happening over and over and over again. So these three things when you combine there's a sense of hopelessness begins to arise in a person and the body and the spirit starts looking for a way out of the situation and many times they'll manifest a physical or terminal or chronic illness as a metaphor to leave as a way to get away right. So when you see these these three together especially in an older person be very very um mindful that there's a lot of there's a lot of stuff going on there. But you want to talk and say you're giving and you're giving and you're giving.

But you're not getting back in in the proportion that you thought you should right. Okay. Um questions on that hold on a. Second i see some questions coming in here let's see here if you give to narcissist an endless pit you'll receive nothing in return more often than not yeah that's true right.

And again um their act believe it or not there are actually some facial characteristics that our narcissists tend to have. But we're not gonna we're not gonna drill on those in this webinar not only lines. But what about the texture of the skin um the texture of the skin goes a lot to um the lung as well uh because the lung is related to the to the skin and the stomach cleft chins uh let's see here let's go to let me see here let me finish with the. Last we'll talk about fear.

Then we'll come back and we'll do the rest of the face. So if you look. At people's chins and you see little dots like little dimples all in here these are people who have have repressed and held on to a lot of fear okay. I don't when i look.

At people and i see this marking what happens is i don't see it as lines i see it more as dots. So to speak and let's just say goodbye okay. Some people. So again i don't see lines when i do this like you see here on the thing that's this is the one of the few places where i kind of disagree with the map because i don't see lines i see dots like little dimples right.

Okay. So let's just review the really quick skepticism joy comes from the outer canthus up sadness comes from the outer canthus down the longer the line goes the deeper the line goes the more we move into sorrow and grief lost love starts from the inner campus moves down again through the lung area humor lines can be seen by a single line through the lower lip bitterness can be seen by vertical lines below the lower lip just like. So over nurturing can be seen by vertical lines in the upper lip and by the way just. So you know don't be surprised if you see these lines here and here many times these people will also have bowel issues because the large intestine actually circles the mouth the large and small intestines both in circle the mouth and.

So many times you'll see ibs crohn's um those kinds of issues which are also results of disappointment bitterness anxiety and over nurturing okay. So there's a direct correlation between many of the physiological issues that we deal with and these emotions and if you're in hypnotherapy you it's inevitable it's inevitable that you'll deal with these if you do the level of work that we teach you at nlp power all right. So without further ado would it be okay. To share with you um some things that i've got lined up for you are you.

Finally ready to instantly read other people's personalities temperaments gain an unbeatable edge in life and take your people reading skills to the. Next level is that something you'd like to do all right. So bear with me while i go through this i'm not going to take a lot of time. But i will cover each piece in in proportion.

Then when this is done we're going to come back we're going to finish up the face of the map and. Then i'll take i'll take questions on different aspects of face reading and teach you and share with you other things you want to know most about okay. So here's what i've got for you for today only we put together a special package this package is designed to take your face reading skills to the. Next level it's called the secrets of face reading home study course it's a 1497 value and these this course contains very powerful proven real world face reading skills that allow you to understand how to how to read people create a profile and if you want to to help resolve conflicts emotional traumas and things of that nature from their mind and body it's very very powerful right.

Total value is 1497. and um again face reading is all about again it covers the things we've talked about today. But this is also my particular approach to face reading that one of the things that we love to do with this class is by the end of the three day class i literally point at you and say profile a face and we'll put a face on the board and you'll literally go right. Down from the hairline all the way to the chin and you'll have a perfect personality profile of that person in under 90 seconds okay. So 1497 value this is a home study course okay.

We're also going to throw in if you jump on this today the identity by design hypnotherapy home study certification program it's a 1497 value and this is a fantastic addition to learning how to face food one of the biggest one of the biggest challenges i had one of the biggest frustrations i had when i was uh when i was learning face reading was that it was a purely diet you know with very few exceptions it was almost a purely diagnostic system and. So you could look. At somebody and you can tell what their emotional traumas were you could tell or when they happened and you can tell how long they've had it and you could tell what their dominant emotional health was and their trauma history and their personality and you could diagnose all these things. But you couldn't do anything to change it except talk about it and if you know anything about me i hate not being able to fix stuff like that and.

So a lot of the technologies that we created were designed to get fast rapid change and. So i found out that if i took. Face reading and i merged it with our identity by design protocols or therapeutic protocols you would get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and. So we've added to this package as a way for you to transform yourself in a very powerful way we've added the the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course and this is going to teach you how to systematically unlock the power of your subconscious mind to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere for any reason to remove blocks that limit your success to remove limiting beliefs how to find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't even know you had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away they go away and they come back and they just keep wearing their ugly heads i'm going to teach you how to change that crappy voice inside your head to one that builds you up and motivates you and inspires you instead of tearing you down we're going to show you how to find and resolve all the negativity from your past and to.

Finally install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want and admire who you most want to be like and much much more okay. Great room is part of this yvonne right. So uh this is a 1497 value we're going to throw this in absolutely free if you jump on the secrets of face reading home study program total value. So far is nine hundred and ninety four dollars if you went to the website and tried to purchase them individually today.

But we're also going to throw in because a lot of us are into that golden path stuff we're into into becoming our best self becoming more in touch with and empowering ourselves we're going to include one of our most powerful energetics programs one of the most powerful energetic programs we've ever put out it's called vibrational healing energy secrets and remote influence home study course this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free this is going to teach you how to tap into the energy systems of your body where we've alluded to them here this training will show you in a much more fleshed out version how to work with your energy systems how to combine them and integrate them in a way that gives you a a better result that's greater than the sum of the parts and you can use it once again to control your energy build it and use it for the things that you want whether it's manifestation human influence remote healing spiritual development developing your psychic skills it's all on the table with this program you're going to learn how to clean and balance your chakras how to influence and heal people remotely or in person in fact one of the things that we do is we actually go through various models of energy healing we show you how they work how they're different what they're good for what they're not. So good for and how they all fit together within their hermetic framework that and philosophies that i use as a guide for the technologies that we create and you'll see how it all fits together all the dots will be connected everything will make sense and you'll have a workable actionable system that you can use to develop your magical and metaphysical abilities okay. And tap into your potentials you'll learn how to manifest anything you want in the shortest amount of time possible using the image cycling methodologies that we've talked about in other trainings you'll learn how to protect yourself against manipulation and psychic attack you'll even learn all the different ways that uh it's possible to be attacked psychically we'll talk about different ways about that you'll tap into your true potential you'll be able to. Finally have a concrete very easy to understand easy to implement uh path to tapping into the latent powers of your mind and body to get the life you want the way that you want it and you'll feel more fulfilled as a result of that you'll be able to heal the people you want to heal including yourself again total value for this course is 197 we're going to throw this in absolutely free if you're one of the.

Next few people to grab our secrets of face reading home study course. So now you have the full package the full picture uh for doing all these things total value if you're going to go to buy them from the website individually will be 4 491 we're going to include all these things for free. But we've got more for you we're also going to include because this is about reading people and understanding behaviors and how to interpret those we're going to give you the other side of the influence perspective the other side of the people reading perspective this is called people reading for fun and profit body language secrets home study course this is again a 997 value and it's going to teach you outside of face reading how to read people's body languages and expressions to understand the body language of attraction how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors how to influence people without words how to project charm and confidence and charisma on command using energetics using clothing using posture using breathing. So you can radiate that charm and charisma anywhere you go on demand right.

If you're familiar with our state control models you'll understand where this is coming from and how we're doing it you'll learn how to understand men better you'll learn how to understand women better you'll learn how to dress for success in terms of vibrational uh levels of dress and how they relate to one another and you'll be able to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence you'll be able to close more deals get more dates and become the social and magnetic person that you want to be and you'll be able to speed read people a lot better and understand how to relate to them in a far more useful and powerful way. So it's a 997 value we're going to throw this in for you absolutely free as a compliment to your face reading skills and you're going to don't be surprised when you start employing these methodologies if you don't become the most fascinating uh and um uh person in the room total value for this if you were to buy them individually on the website would be 5 488 again we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of our secrets of face reading home study course and web package we're also going to throw in because this came up just the other day we're also going to throw into a little crash course we taught a few years ago called lie to me if you dare the how to catch a liar crash course it's a 97 value and in that course we cover the psychological tips and tricks to catching liars on contact you'll understand the key indicators of deception the 15 unique tells that clue you in when someone may be lying how to look. At everything the body is doing and understand it from the perspective of the rapport continuum and the behavioral uh expression continuum that we teach again you'll understand a better understanding of men men will understand get on a better understanding of women you'll learn how to eliminate behaviors that weaken your influence that can flag you as being potentially deceptive when you're talking to people you'll learn to close more deals and get more dates and probably the most important thing the thing that people are always worried about is you will never be manipulated again you'll the probabilities of that happen to you will go up will go down astronomically if you understand the tools and the technologies um in here and for those of you who are uh not platinum or diamond members what i will do because i just taught two classes on this on the past two months for anybody who jumps on this i will include those two free live events access to them as a way to round out your your live detection and anti-narcissist toolkit. So that's an unannounced bonus we're going to throw that in um and you'll be able to play with that okay.

And we'll also throw in the notes for those of you who want it. So total value for this not counting the uh the two the two uh installments i just talked about five thousand five hundred eighty-five dollars you're gonna get it free uh when you join the face reading uh program okay. So let's review what we've got. So far got the secrets of face feeding home study course this is gonna teach you again sexual romantic compatibility it's going to teach you how to find traumas it's going to teach you how to unpack those traumas it's going to teach you how to recognize personality and temperament it's going to teach you pretty much everything you need to know to read people on contact and have them start to be able to predict their behavior uh notice whether they're cognitive whether they're pragmatic or whether they're uh instinctive uh what their private side is versus their public side all the things we talked about and.

So much more you'll be able to speed read people like never before it's a value of 1497 we're also going to include the identity by design hypnotherapy home study program. So you will have a full s a full tool kit of skills and tools that will allow you to rapidly transform the emotions that you unpack to custom design we have issues in the youtube chat hold on a. Second okay. Okay.

So where are we at now are we okay. Now. Anyway. So the identity by design hypnotherapy i'm sorry course is gonna again it's gonna teach you how to remove negativity from your past it's gonna teach you how to uh remove limiters to your success things you didn't even know were standing in your way it's gonna teach you how to find and remove those it's gonna installing you the four default driver states that lead to success is going to teach you how to transform that negative voice in your head.

So that it builds you up instead of tears you down it's going to teach you how to sanitize all the negativity from your past. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better and. Then.

Finally it's going to teach you how to install all the traits qualities and characteristics of people you admire into yourself. So that you can become the best version of yourself okay. People are having fun on our youtube chat. But that's all right.

We're also going to include the vibrational healing energy healing and remote influence super package this is a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free we're going to include the people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive video program it's a 997 dollar value once again absolutely free and we're going to throw in that lie to me if you dare how to catch liars crash course with the extra bonus the unannounced bonus of the two live events i just did online where we teach you how to catch liars narcissists and other narcissistic a-holes we're going to include that along with the notes as part of this package okay. Total value if you're gonna go buy it on the website today it'll be 5 585. But of course you're not going to pay 5 585 for the. Next 35 people to register today you're going to get the face reading uh we're going to okay.

You're going to also get the face reading for profit virtual three-day certification boot camp this is scheduled for november 6 7 8 20 20. it's a virtual ticket it's a 1950 value we're also going to give you access to the video of that training total combined value will be 3 47 we're going to give this to you free in other words not only are we going to give you the entire face reading secrets home study program we're going to let you attend a virtual live 3 day training this weekend november 6th 7th and 8th you just log in and do the training right. Alongside everybody else you'll get to read faces you'll get profiled you'll be able to profile other people you'll help people work through their stuff right. Total value 3447 we're going to throw this in absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 35 people to register for this face reading home study program today okay.

So again you'll become certified you'll have a provisional certification as a face reader you learn how to instantly read people's personality understand how they think feel and behave how to measure their sexual romantic compatibility their current state of physical and emotional health how to uncover and resolve forgotten traumas their relationship with their parents and siblings how they make decisions and much much more all live and in person with me you can ask your questions you can have me read your face you can read other people's faces it's going to be a fun time total value if you were to buy this online is nine thousand thirty two dollars total offer today secrets of face reading home study course diet at 1497 the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course buy it at 1497. we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing and energy healing and remote influence home study course 1497. we're going to give you that for free people reading for fun and profit 2 day intensive 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free lie to me if you dare how to catch liar's crash course and the two live ama video programs that we did uh which were two hours each plus the notes well over ninety seven dollars uh we're gonna give that for you free and we're also gonna include in the package a free vip ticket to our three day face reading for fun and profit virtual certification boot camp uh scheduled for this weekend november sixth seventh and eighth total value of three thousand four hundred forty seven dollars we're gonna give it to you absolutely free if you're trying to buy all this on the website individually it would be over nine thousand thirty two dollars that you'd have to invest. However we're not going to charge you 3000 or 9032 dollars we're not even going to charge you 9485 i don't know where that came from we're not going to charge you 4 167 we're not going to charge you 2 697 fact for today only for those of you who want to grab this entire program which includes the live virtual three-day face reading home study program total one-time investment of only 997 and if you need to you can break that down into three easy installments of just 3.99 all you have to do is click the link in the chat box and again you got to be among the. First 35 to do that it's face reading it's nlp power dot com forward slash face dash reading dash bundle if i can't attend this weekend cj if you can't attend this weekend give stephanie a call and she will move you to the. Next face reading event that we have uh whether it's virtual or because that vit ticket will count.

So if you want to do it live you can also hold that ticket for the. Next live event you know we're doing it in person room or you can we guys and zoom hear me okay. Again that's what i thought or they're bad okay. So what was the.

Last thing you heard on a. Second i want to get this link for y'all here's that link again just in case sorry about this come on i gotta i gotta type in the chat sorry about the lag yeah yeah okay. Good. So there it looks like everyone looks like everything's speeding up again.

So that's good. So again uh this is a great time to ask me any questions that you might have about the package um what have you uh if you need to go to the restroom go ahead and do that and um [Music] okay. You've got lots of people playing in the chats apparently. Anyway [Music].

So here you go will the golden path class be online only if we uh i'm not intending for it to be online karen i am intending to do it in las vegas um most of our live events are are good uh when we go to vegas um. But if for some reason we can't go to vegas. Then it will be online um there isn't if people are uh restricted from travel because of legal reasons for like people in uk canada um yeah i know there's people playing it's all right. It's a.

Anyway question stephanie's happy to answer those brandon's happy to answer those whoa all right. So what just happened can everybody see me okay. Cause i think moving on. So let me go back to sharing my screen any questions about what we've covered yeah we've got a lot of people using zoom right.

Now take a five minute break we'll come back hold on a. Second here wanted to give everybody a little five minute restroom break before we get back into the facial map all right. Everybody ready to play yeah it's kind of like homeschooling right. All right.

So let's go back to the facial map if you guys have any other questions regarding the um regarding the offer if not we'll go ahead and uh where's my screen here all right. So moving back to this facial mat now each of these areas is connected to an organ. So let's start with um purpose lines of all the lines here the most positive ones for people and a lot of people are sensitive about these lines the line that runs from the inner the ellen nasa which is where the the uh the nostril meets the face it runs down along these lines. So when you look.

At these lines here these lines start from here they work themselves down kind of like a fu manchu and this area is commonly referred to as a purpose line now one of these are you know a lot of people are very self-conscious about those lines. But actually from a chinese medical perspective from a dallas perspective these are actually some of the most beneficial lines to have because they should they demonstrate that you're doing what you came here to do they demonstrate that you're on your golden path or at least partly on your golden path and if you don't have these by the time you're in your 50s uh you need to do some serious checkup you know uh checking in with yourself okay. Um that's just my i'm just cutting an arbitrary line in the sand if you don't have good purpose lines developing by the time you hit 50 or 50 in your 50s you need to start really doing a lot of introspection and make sure that you're doing the things that light up your spirit and bring you uh bring you fulfillment what's the. Second purpose line is it a grief line uh what.

Second purpose line there is no. Second purpose line teresa uh there's just it's just a line okay. And sometimes it's deep one of the things you'll notice when you look. At people is that a lot of times it's deeper on one side than it is on the other side and what you can extrapolate from that is that many times people what people do for a living is much more in alignment with who they are than their private life sometimes it's the opposite sometimes a person's private life is awesome.

But what they're doing for money is just not fulfilling to them and. So you be again going back to public versus private this is something that we want to look. At when we're when we're telling if people are on their path when you come to golden path we'll we'll we'll delve deeply into purpose and how to get on it and what's interesting is by the way if you are in your 50s and again please take this with in the spirit with which i mean it what's interesting about people on their goal who get on their golden path. Later in life is that they tend to move through the successes of that golden path faster than if people started early it's weird um lillian tells a story about a lady who when she was younger and she was dating she had she wanted to go into politics and.

Then she got she met somebody she got married she had a little baby the baby with special needs had autism uh to a certain degree and and she decided to put all of her political aspirations and all those things up on a shelf and completely devote herself to her child and. So she became added now you know active in the pta she helped to develop and work with uh special programs for children with her kinds of issues she became a very powerful advocate in the community for um people with these kinds of issues on behalf of her daughter and. So and and she was very successful in helping her daughter to graduate college and do all these things and. Finally the daughters in college she's out of the house she's you know she's become a very self-actualizing person and she's kind of sitting um she's kind of sitting at the around going what do i do in my life and somebody approached her to be to run for city council and she had never thought about it and she said well i'll just i'll just put my hat in the ring and she won within three years she was a senator right.

It was just boom because that was part of her golden path and and and part of getting back on her mission. So one of the things that and you know what her her her big platform was i think you could probably guess what her platform was wasn't it was education right. So nothing that that you accumulate in your golden path is wasted right. And and.

So even though you think you've been distracted or you've wasted time it's just not true it doesn't matter when you get on your golden path just that you get on it. So these purpose lines are a great way for us to gauge how on track we are in our life. But remember that every experience you've had whether you thought of it as a mistake whether you thought of it as a useless skill that you would never use everything that you've accumulated through your life experience is going to be useful on your golden path does that make sense cool does that help cool excellent all right. So um let's go back how do you select the 399 payment plan uh stephanie or brandon if you could help amelia go ahead and select your payment plan that would be awesome and we'll kind of walk you through that if for some reason they don't reach out to you right.

Away amelia you can go to stephanie at nlpower.com right. Okay. Here let me just oh children are playing today must be election day right. Anyway okay.

Moving on. So once again. So these are really good lines we want to have these lines okay. If you don't have them don't worry another line we want to look.

At and this one i see a lot of in lawyers they look. Like little lines the best let me show you this on my on my i don't know if you can see i don't know if you can see it in the camera here um because of the lighting. But there's little wrinkles right. In front of the right.

In front of the ear these lines are commonly referred to as auditory intuition lines and what's interesting about these particular lines is that they're generally they generally arise as a result of a traumatic childhood and what i mean by that is is that usually people who develop these lines grew up in an environment where they had to be very very very aware of what people were saying and how they were saying it. So they would know how to respond or what not to say or what to say to get through the situation. So if you if you if you grew up in an environment where you had to constantly be listening and listening between the lines you may eventually develop this form of auditory hypersensitive or a hyper acuity syndrome we call it auditory intuition these are people who make very good therapists very good litigators uh very good investigators of any kind because they have this ability to hear the [ __ ] to read between the lines and and and really kind of uh get a feel for where people are really coming from. But it starts oddly enough as a a form of post-traumatic stress or hyper vigilance due to growing up in a very challenging environment right.

So um also people who have this marking they have a physiologically they have a tendency towards dehydration and that can often lead to electrolyte imbalance and heart palpitations. So if you find yourself a lot of time if you have these lines and you tend to find yourself sometimes having a little bit of anxiety or a panic attack type of a thing or a little heart fibrillations chances are you might be dehydrated and you might have some electrolyte stuff going on. So you might want to get that checked out because they tend to be they tend to go hand in hand um not diagnosing or anything. But that that there is a pattern there that i think is is worth looking into if you if you are have both of those those aspects right.

Let's see here. So once again uh another line you want to pay attention to is oops is these little lines i have these two these little lines in the earlobe they're little vertical lines that go up and down this way these indicate blood pressure irregularities now when i talk about this in terms of blood pressure regularities it doesn't mean you have high blood pressure it doesn't mean you have low blood pressure it tends to mean you have irregular blood pressure it's up and it's down it's up and it's down right. Uh and one of the things that tends to be a hallmark of this is a lot of hyper um they became they tend to be hypersensitive to stimuli they overreact to things. So let's say you're walking down a hallway and uh someone comes around the corner and startles you and the normal level of responsiveness to this would be like a five or six on on a zero to 10 scale you might spike up to an eight or nine in terms of the startled response that you generate.

So this marking i have this by the way is almost always a tendency to a overreact to surprise or stimuli and it also is indicative many times of irregular blood pressure sometimes it's high sometimes it's low it's not always consistent. So if you have those markings doesn't mean you have a heart attack doesn't mean you have really chronic circulatory issues it just means you probably need to probably pay attention to your cardiovascular health and uh and do things to mitigate that hypersensitivity okay. Questions on that. So far we're all good here all right.

So let's move on to the. Next piece one of the other lines that you're going to see a lot of and i see this a lot in my clinic because i do a lot with people who are in some form of pain these are pain markers now just like sadness starts at the outer campus and it goes laterally away down the cheek pain lines on the other hand start also at the inner canthus. But they tend to travel medially in other words they move towards the center of the body. So when you see people with these kind of markings you can almost guarantee that they're some they're in some kind of ongoing physiological or emotional pain right.

You'll see these most prevalently in acute when people have acute illness injuries like they hurt their ankle or they hurt their knee or they're in there and they're wincing that's where these lines come from is from that wincing. So sometimes that wincing is due to long-term emotional stuff sometimes it's due to a chronic issue okay. And. Then.

Finally we have this line starts out as a joy line and. Then it just keeps going we call these mania lines and this is what the chinese would call a pathological form of joy these are people who are up at three o'clock in the morning texting um they have a tendency to be megalomaniacal they tend to be um obsessive they may tend towards hypersexuality again if you think of bipolar disorder manic depressive kinds of things some borderlines may exhibit this as well be very aware when you see these lines these people have very highs and very lows okay. What about bags under the eyes. Paul is asking about bags bags under the eyes.

Here depending on the coloration they can be attributed to what the taoists call unshed tears or kidney deficiency usually issues with water metabolism okay. So um. So if you have if you've had and some some of the ways you can start to kind of narrow these down aside from asking directly which is always useful is you look. At the lines here do they have a plethora of these along with a discoloration or a puffiness under the eyes.

If it's if it's not dark. But it's puffy you're almost always looking at some form of unshed tears okay. Just different ways to combine these things okay. Are we good.

So far uh golden sun being asked question what if a line is only on on the left side of the face chances are that if it's only on the left side of the face it's most predominantly related to the public or the the person's public life okay. Okay. Um. But again going back to what we talked about originally divide the face right.

Right. Side public left side private if the markings only on one side you know what aspect of their life that it pertains to this is why we started off with the zones of the head top bottom right. Left and. Then transitioned into emotions.

So that you could see how it all comes together right. Are we are we any questions on that. So far uh emilia says please touch on gallbladder bags over top inner corners of the eye well if i understand what you're asking about emilia when you see little deposits here usually when you see little badge or deposits that's usually some form of dampness which is usually indicative of fat deposits in the in the gallbladder or bile deposits. So be very um aware of those kinds of things anytime that's again it sounds like you have a little bit of background uh emilia with chinese medicine.

So you're asking a really good question it doesn't really um relate here with the content of what we're talking about from a health perspective it would indicate um stagnation usually damp heat or damp uh damp cold in the liver gallbladder area. So hopefully that helps. So um if you have those check to see check on your check on gallstones and see if you have anything with gallstones going on or if you're having fat metabolism issues let's see here among the few lines that are really really positive one of the ones you'll see many times on people is this diagonal line that travels from the eyebrow diagonally upward these lines are called transformation lines and what these lines tend to indicate are people who've gone through some long dark night of the soul and have come out of it with some form of spiritual or or deeply transformational revelation in other words they something they they had some kind of epiphany that transformed them on a deep deep identity or or spiritual level and. So when you see those markings these are people have gone through some [ __ ] and they came out on the other side with this this insight that completely transformed them these are really good lines to have i have one or two of them um because i've gone through some [ __ ] in my life you know i've been homeless i've been you know i've i've been the alpha male other guy i've been a little you know i've done my time as darth snyder and come out on the other side of it.

So um one of the a more advanced aspect of that is what is commonly referred to as buddha wings. So many times when people go through a long lifetime of spiritual work they won't develop vertical lines necessarily like this they'll actually start to develop lines that look. Like wings. So they'll start to come up and out this way the llama has these especially when he's teaching merchandise we're having more uh more issues again.

So max is it a good line if i have a line on the top left question mark or sure okay. I guess you go bye-bye all right. Okay. Yeah we have multiple people on zoom.

So i apologize for that questions on anything that we've covered. So far all right. So let's look. At the.

Last couple of lines this area and this area are two very important lines because they manifest they they on the surface they appear to have a similar cause or a similar type of uh origin to them. But they're very different in the direction that they go when you see people with a double line between their eyebrows this way what you're seeing is what we call impatience or temper these people tend to lose patients put things very very quickly and they will tend to kind of go off the handle a little bit every now and. Then you'll see someone who has not one or two lines. But three lines like this when you see that what what that indicates is somebody who's actually learned to manage their temper they've learned to manage their impatience yeah maui's saying i broke up buddha wings yes.

The buddha wings are like transformation lines. But they float up this way you see this in a lot of high-level buddhist monks meditators the dalai lama has this right. So going back um. So again just to catch people up who kind of lost me in the shuffle when we see lines like this with these three lines these are people who've learned to manage impatience and tempo right.

If there's just two lines if it's just two lines like you see here they're still working on it when you see just one single line just one single line like this what this indicates is it's usually uh anger directed at the father that has manifested in a very specific way now when i say father you have to remember that classical families the father was the dominant authority figure in today's not. So traditional households it's whoever holds that dominant masculine role in the family could be a grandfather could be an uncle if it's a same-sex marriage it could be the person who takes on the more dominant masculine role in that relationship right. But what this single line we call this suspended needle or suspended sword and what this manifests as is a conflict between that dominant male authority figure and the person and what happened in most cases and globally speaking is at some point the person who has this line got angry and expressed that anger very forcefully whether through verbal means the physical means behaviorally in terms of doing something they weren't supposed. But they did it in a way that was very aggressive and when they did that there was pushback they got punished for that expression in some way and the the punishment for expressing that anger for releasing that power into the world was.

So traumatic for them that they made a decision in that moment to never express that level of power ever again and. So what they've literally done is they've taken their liver energy their their energy for drive and and achievement and they put a lock on it they put a block on it and. So at some point in their life that blockage will manifest as an inability to move forward in their life. So if you've got a single line here um at some point you expressed yourself angrily and you were punished in such a way that you decided you were never going to let that you were never going to lose control like that again now the takeaway is that yeah you learned something important you learned about properly expressing anger.

But you've blocked yourself and. So that's going to that's going to tend to manifest at some point in your future as an inability to move forward. So you want to unpack that line and reclaim your power the deeper and longer the line the more power you have and the more powerful you've repressed it. So once again we want to unpack this line and get access to that power.

So we can become the person we came here to be now that's how we call that suspended needle i have students that i call suspended bazooka that line is. So thick that's a big one for a lot of people another one that often manifests going back to our chart i see this a lot in some of my domestic abuse and child abuse patients these are lines that start on the bridge of the nose and they move down they actually move down the nose outward this way and it looks and it looks like somebody took. An x-acto knife many times and they etched lines right. Down the side of the nose they're almost like pain lines and we call these disempowerment lines and i don't like the term disempowerment because i don't think it really it really encapsulates the behavior.

Next that goes with this these set of lines now let me explain let me explain that a little bit let me just delete some of these um these things i've written out here when you see disempowerment lines what happened here is very similar to what happened here at some point the person who develops these lines experienced a violation they experienced a violation of their physical or emotional boundaries right. Somebody crossed a line with them and they stood up for themselves and they pushed back they said no. You aren't going to do that i'm not going to let you do that and when they did that when they stood up for themselves the person they were standing up to pushed back even harder and rather than stand their ground they caved and tried to appease that person they tried to make up for standing up for themselves by by doing anything they could to please that individual you see this a lot in spouses who have been are victims of domestic abuse who have been the victims of ongoing narcissists or sociopathic predators or misogynists because what these people tend to do is they tend to systematically break down your boundaries they break down your sense of self your sense of self worth until you're completely dependent for validation on this person and. So anytime um that person gets angry this person lapses into some kind of satisfying or fulfilling behavior and appeasing they're going to try to make things right.

And they're going to sacrifice their own sense of identity their own sense of right. And wrong they're um to make it okay. So there's no. Conflict.

So when you see these lateral lines along the bridge of the nose this person has been engaging in some form of ongoing appeasement. So the question is how could a line like this be worked on or removed you can regress to cause you can have a face reader unpack these lines and help the person to reframe and extract the positive lessons from the experience you can color breathe these things you can do magic frame on these things you can do spinning on these things all very very effectively this is why in the package um that i explained to you i included all the identity by design processes because when you're dealing with uh you know these suspended swords and these ongoing griefs and these appeasement lines you're looking at behaviors that are at the identity level and in order for you to fix them you've got to regress to cause delete the emotional charge and you've got to give the system back what it was what it lost okay. And while face reading classical face reading can do that it's not fast and it's not direct. But when you combine the face reading with the identity by design methodologies you have a very powerful very direct very linear way to go to the source of those issues and begin to change them very very quickly.

So that's exactly why we we put the things together that we did in the secrets of face reading super package. So not only would you have a way to diagnose and i hesitate to use that word. But um to basically get a snapshot of what's going on in a person's emotional life you'll have the tools to help people through it starting with you does that make sense and. Then you can take that on energetic understanding from face reading and leverage it with the vibrational healing transformation techniques move that into manifestation techniques.

Then you can take your people reading skills further with the people reading for fun and profit course as well as a lie detection course. So emily said this is the only one i've been working on for a year are you doing it solo are you doing it uh are you getting help from other people because a lot of these things it's very hard to be the passenger and the driver at the same time it's very very difficult. So i recommend that if you want to work deeper on that find somebody who's certified in both the face reading and the identity by design techniques there's a bunch of them here on the webinar and reach out to them or call my clinic at 858-481-1438 and schedule a consultation and we can help you through those things uh if you can't get it if you if you don't want to do that. Then by all means grab the i think you did grab the package.

So you have a lot of the tools necessary. But again i recommend that if you hand if you can work with somebody to go through these things and use the video courses as a supplement do that instead if you can't get work with somebody personally. Then the videos are a good. Second option right.

So let's go ahead and review that package really quick um and uh guys post any other questions that you have and i'm happy to answer anything else regarding face reading that you might want to talk about. So let's go ahead and review um this package once again you're gonna get the secrets of face reading uh home study course diet at fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollars you're gonna get the full the full boat load of identity by design hypnotherapy home study course techniques it's a 1497 value this also includes by the way uh training in conversational hypnosis in instant and rapid inductions as well as other forms of intervention. So we're going to give it to you free it's just a way to round out and balance out the face reading program we're also going to throw in the vibrational healing the energy healing and remote influence package which is the. Next level if you were going to use reiki or chronic healing or bankston or holographic memory resolution you want to know how they all fit within the scope of the hermetic systems that i teach and where i derive a lot of my insights from this is that.

Next level for you we're going to include that absolutely free we're also going to throw in the people reading for fun and profit two-day intensive. So you can kind of round out your face reading skills by looking at other behaviors the way people dress the way people stand the way people eventually orient or not the report continuum and how to detect lies and things of that nature you'll understand men better you'll understand women better and you'll gain insight into people very very quickly we're going to throw in the lie to me if you dare home study crash course along with the two live amas that we did in the past two months we're going to give that to you as an extra unadvertised bonus completely free and. Then of course for the. Next 35 people that register and buy this this particular home study course package today we're going to throw in a free vip super ticket that includes free admission to our.

Next face reading level 1 certification home study live training it's going to be virtual it's going to be held this november 6th 7th and 8th and you'll be able to attend that and get a provisional certification or if you don't want to if you'd if it's too soon to notice and you want to hold that ticket you can come to the. Next live virtual face or less the. Next the. Next live face reading training that we hold uh you can hold that ticket for that if you were to try to buy each of these things individually on the website you're looking at a total investment of 9485.

But you can get all of it today including that free vip super ticket for the low low installment of just 9.97 or if you want you can break it up into three easy payments of just 3.99 and all you got to do to take advantage of that is click the link to your left or to your right. I should say i think it's for you it's to your right. And you can take advantage of one of those packages and join us live this weekend for the secrets of face feeding training okay. All right.

Let me go ahead and look. At questions for people let's go with our zoomers. First let's see here. So karen is asking uh oh wait that's a conversation with somebody else does it make a difference if your suspended needle is shaped like that of a match uh i haven't been trained i haven't they didn't really make a distinction i've seen many differently shaped uh suspended needles and suspended swords uh somehow are bigger at the top than at the bottom.

But they they're all the commonalities they all have a single line that runs down the center okay. Um eileen dixon says the lines that go across the forehead what do they mean we call those uh they're not transformation lines. But what they indicate let me go back to my diagram really quickly here when you see lines that travel across the face like that across the forehead like this when you see lines that are completed what they indicate are life lessons that are done okay. When you see lines when you see lines that are broken like they only go part way across these are lines that are still in process are these are lessons that are still in process right.

These are these are things you haven't quite finished with yet right. Now when we look. At the face this is one of the things you'll learn about in the face reading home study course when we look. At the face where you have a timeline on your face let me show you this really quickly you have a timeline on your face and they're different for men and women okay.

A woman's timeline begins on the right. Travels down the right. Ear transfers over to the left ear and. Then continues down the center and.

Then it zigzags across the forehead all right. So let me just pull this let me scroll in for this. So you can see it. So this is a woman's timeline.

So you can see that conception to one is on the ear travels around to age seven picks up on the on the left side to about age 14. Then it jumps to age 15 and. Then from there it starts to it starts to zigzag down the head when you hit about 30 32 it gets linear again a little bit right. So when we look.

At ages and one thing when people have a trauma let's say you're let's say you're 20 years old right. You're in your 20s and you get a marking maybe you fall maybe you're born with it and there's a marking here that's actually predictive of something that's going to happen at age 27. that it gets a little bit woo-woo for face reading. But that's actually what what that means if i'm 20 and i have a marking at 27 something's waiting for me when i get there and depending on what i do that could be a little bump in the road or it could actually wind up being a life-changing issue let's say that you're you're 20 and you have a trauma at 20 years old you will mark a trauma at the 20-year mark right. You guys kind of following me.

So far with how this works in terms of trauma and things of that nature right. And i've actually had people come to me and say i've had this mark for as long as i can remember let me go back to this um i've had this mark for as long as i can remember what does it mean it's like a little gash a little scar and i'll say well when did you get it and it'll say i got it when i was five or i was born with it i say and i'll look. At the age correlation on the chart here right. At the.

Last training right. I'll look. At the age correlation on the chart and. Then i'll go back to them and i'll say what happened at age 20 between 25 and 28 and they'll say i had an accident see how old were you when you had the accident and more often than not it's within eight to ten months of when that marking takes place the eight to 12 month mark all right.

I literally had that happen at my. Last training i had a guy come up to me during on the breaks his name was jonathan he goes um i have this marking right. Here that i got when i was like 19. i fell and i got a scar or whatever i said okay. I said how old are you now he goes i'm 33. i said okay.

I and i went to my chart and i looked at the age correspondence of the marking and i said what happened between 28 and 20 27 and 29 goes well i had an accident when i was 28. the marking was right. There he didn't know anything about the faith the the age mark he had no. He blew his mind right. So how does that relate to the lines across the forehead well if we take this understanding of chronology on the face anytime you see lines going across at what age range did they happen and now you can start to correlate that there are lessons that you encountered during those ages that you're either if you've either finished you've got takeaways from them or you're still proc come out right.

Same idea right. Now just in case you guys try to photoshop or try to screen capture this little caveat men's and women's age markings in the face reading system are different women's systems women's calendar starts on the right. Ends on the left ben's chronology starts on the left ends on the right. Men and women are reversed here this is one of the few places few times where uh men and women markings are different okay.

Apparently their yin and yang is the same. But they're right. In their left in terms of the the timelines are different okay. So if you're a guy you need to reference this age map and it's based on biology not gender preference all right.

So if you're biologically male this is what you use if you're biologically female this is what you use i don't know what happens if you go transgender i don't know what happens when you change the plumbing around i don't know how that affects these markings okay. Of course i've never worked with anybody on this aspect that was transgender i've worked with transgender people before. But not with this. So i don't actually know best person asked would be lillian for that um mel is asking what about earlobes mel what specifically about earlobes do you want to know i know it's going to be a few minutes before you hear that.

So what is it about earlobes that you would like to know if you look. At ear lobes and i do have a map and again this is age related a lot of a lot of powerful stuff you can intuit from earlobes right. But once again it's important to remember that women are lefties i'm sorry women are right. Start on the right.

Go to the left and men are opposite. So the way i remember it is is women are always right. And what's left is men or what's left is male that's just how i remember it right. So drake housing is asking.

But that's only for the age map right. Not that's correct uh drake the the the timelines are are separate from public and private buddha earlobes intelligence generally speaking generally speaking the longer the lobe the longer the life uh ears relate to a concept in chinese medicine known as jing oops and jing is kind of like potential and the foundational substance of the person people who have a lot of jing have very strong bodies and mine usually okay. They can they can tolerate a lot of stuff a person whose earlobes are longer will tend to have more prosperity in old age they'll also tend to live longer now it doesn't mean if you have short earlobes that you're going to die early it means you have to manage your jing or your internal essence better okay. There are a lot of people that say buddha lived for a long long time.

But yeah we can tell a lot about the ears a person's risk taking a bill or will the ability to tolerate risk is also related to the ears the top half of the ear relates to monetary risk taking ability. So somebody who is i think i've got sometimes i reverse these um. So double check the book. Just in case people who have a larger zone up here can tolerate more financial risk than people who have thinner zones up here people who are bigger here tend to be able to tolerate physical risk better.

So these people tend to be much more athletic they'll be much more physically active right. Also the size of the ear overall people with small ears tend to be a little bit more fearful and it's interesting the the the paradox of this is because a lot of people with small ears evolve into risk takers and and the reason for that is they're trying to prove they're not afraid right. So um these are just some things that we can we can extrapolate from ears i'm a. Second i want to shrink this down a little bit okay.

That's not going to do it is this why will smith is. So good at everything possibly he's got a lot of jing he's also got a very will smith also has a very uh very broad extrapolative forehead um and. So he can he can actually take things from different areas and integrate them in this into a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts. But yeah uh big thick ears a lot of tensile strength very strong constitution these people can get sick and recover very very easily now keep in mind um that if if um if you have like thin ears or small ears it doesn't mean you're going to die early it does mean that you have to be a little bit more careful with what with how you use your body to make sure that um you're not you're not burning bring the candle at both ends okay.

Okay. I hope that answers the ear questions let me pop back to this. So where are we at in terms of questions anybody have some other questions uh dent on the top of the earlobe rib which earlobe is it which which ear is it dasha yeah zachary's saying um i had a cut on my forehead at five years old where my age marker is for 17 i had a major jeep accident when i was 17. boom there it is 41 cup spot coincides with my breaking my ankle in tibia. Last month yes.

Well scars from injuries or altering surgeries have an effect yes. Mine was a concussion a lot of people are this is starting to pile up isn't it you see this is this has been around for 2500 years. So there's been a lot of time for uh to work out the bugs in the system. So i would highly recommend um can i i can wiggle my ears does it have any relevance not that i'm aware of i can wiggle my ears too just means i'm more fun at parties can i touch on the face as a projection of the inner self beyond uh me drake beyond what i've already talked about what if they have a wi-fi i don't know what that means whether they have a wi-fi similar forehead uh vertical lines on the bottom of the lobe if they're if they're like this i don't know if you can see mine if they're vertical that usually is an indication of blood pressure irregularities and a tendency towards over over reactiveness to emotional stimuli um intention 8 is asking what do beauty marks mean on the face if anything they do actually mean a lot um there's a whole map of like 108 or 100 200 different markings for for birthmarks um and maybe we'll do a training on that down the line i haven't even started focusing on on on birth marks yet.

But one of the things you want to look. At uh in terms of birthmarks is where on the facial map the age map do they show up that's usually a pretty good indication of what part of your life is going to influence the birthmark map is not in this webinar i have it on in my files um you can probably find it in facebook. Face reading in chinese medical and chinese medicine by lillian bridges is it age spots as well it can be age spots yes. Okay.

Okay. Here see if there's any other aspects any other questions about uh wait oh my god we got more here in the zoom chat just one. Second um after surgery my right. Top year dropped what does that mean you mean top ear um karen you're gonna have to give me a little bit more more background i'm not i'm not sure what that what you mean uh cj johnston says a scar in a child should be washed out for an adult yes.

If you if a child has a scar be very mindful again based on chinese face reading it doesn't it's again it's it's a little bit on the woo side. But it's it's it's more often accurate than not um be very careful with the child for that child around that age because something may happen right. Uh drake halcyon is saying i i've led a very similar life to you i believe and have come many of the same inclusion i'd like to confer with you sometime is there any way to get you as a pen pal well you can reach out to me through the community tab um on our facebook. And our youtube community uh that's a good way to do it and we can start from there uh you can also email me at david nlpower.com or stephanielpower.com that's a good way to do it there are no.

Lines barbara that indicate liars uh there are lines that indicate that can indicate a tendency towards it secretiveness and guardedness which is almost always a precursor to deception and those are almost always very small eyes. Very guarded eyes. Very hooded eyes. These are things that can show a high level of guardedness which often leads to people answering questions with questions or finding other ways to evade giving you the all the information.

So i hope that helps um i would much i would i would if you want to know about liars in terms of active profiling which is a different system we just finished a two day training uh two seg part training on how to catch liars both from a body language perspective verbal uh characteristics perspectives and. Then we went into uh screening for narcissists managing narcissists and how to extricate yourself and keep yourself from being hoovered back into the the circles of a narcissist those are available for our diamond and platinum members on on our youtube channel and i think those will give you a lot of a lot of information in terms of detecting liars one of the things we look. For when it comes to detecting lies for face reading is what we call shedding in and chinning out generally speaking lying is not in harmony with the average human being and. So it causes us discomfort when the body feels discomfort the spirit doesn't want to be inside the body which the spirit is actually bigger than your body.

But it wants to inhabit as much of the body as it can and. So when the spirit is in the body the eyes. Are very bright. The skin has a glow underneath it when the spirit leaves the body the eyes.

Get more flat they get dull if you've ever seen somebody who's had a lot of trauma and their eyes. Are just very flat and dull this is somebody whose spirit is largely disconnected from their physical form and we need to get them back in i suppose when people go become very joyful and very happy and spontaneous their eyes. Light up that's because the spirit is flooding into the body and the body gets more alive and gets healthier as a result when people lie they tend to shin out and their eyes. Will become a little bit darker a little bit flatter.

So those are things that you can track if you're aware of this whole concept of shen. So what about the fatty part of outer cartilage on the right. Ear an inch long that indicates usually uh chronology and trauma history that the level the thickness and the tensile strength of this area is equivalent to your innate constitution people with very thick cartilage in their ears have a very strong constitution people very thin uh very flimsy cartilage tend to be obviously a little bit more delicate nature i don't want to say weaker. But they don't have a strong and innate constitution um and i've met really small people with super super thick ears these people are just tough and i've met big big people with super flimsy years these people get sick at the drop of a hat the question becomes how can you read botox faces a you look.

For what doesn't move usually it's very hard to read a face that's been botoxed why because it's flat there's no. Affect. But they'll tend to have a much more um blunted emotional range in terms of their their their ability to express emotions both facially as well as in terms of how they express it non non-visually um let's see here. So i hope that answers the question for intention eight where is the birthmark map i think it's look.

At look. Inside face reading in chinese medicine uh it should be in there if not it's in one of the pdfs that lillian puts out for either the jing the chi or the shen modules when you're looking at when you're when you're looking for things that indicate psychopathy you're generally looking at a flat affect or a negative affect in the eyes. In other words the shen is different there's often a misalignment in the eye sometimes an isolate bulge is a little slighter on on people on one side than the other these are things that are we call shen disturbance in chinese medicine and there's various aspects of it um look. For mania lines these are often indicated or somebody who's got some kind of psychopathy going on and by the way for the just for your edification there is no.

Diagnosis in the dsm as psychopathy psychopathy just means mental illness and that could be anything from post-traumatic stress disorder all the way up to uh social you know uh anti-social personality disorder schizophrenia yadda yadda multiple personality disorder psychopathy is just mental illness. So um mental illness takes mental illness takes many forms okay. A lot you can learn about the eyes. And we'll cover those in in face reading do narcissistic people have certain face traits yes.

There's one particular trait and you'd have to pull up there is actually a scientific correlation uh something about the left eyebrow is consistent in people with strong narcissistic tendencies than people who don't there's something about the left eyebrow being very defined uh very dark very thick very well groomed uh narcissists as a rule are very very fastidious about their appearance. But there's something about their eyebrows that triggers people and and flags them as a narcissist and that was done through computer modeling believe it or not i've lost vision in my right. And it is absolutely changing is there anything to that absolutely absolutely we're vibrational beings. So anything that affects our jing the physical body affects how we express personality and temperament anytime we remodel the bony architecture we are changing our fundamental genetic makeup and how and and it's it's a it's a it's a shoot as to how that's going to affect us i've seen people who you know are manic depressive or bipolar they get us they get a post to their tongue and their bipolar goes away i've seen people who are chronically depressed get a stud through their eyebrow and their depression goes away i've heard stories of people getting plastic surgery where they've had an oversized jaw and their their their athletic prodigies and they get that jaw fixed and they lose their ability to play football okay.

So any kind of remodeling to the face or to the jing as we call the jing level is going to result in a corresponding change in the talent skills and abilities that you came here to express. So when in doubt leave it in or when in doubt don't take it out right. Um it's a crapshoot as to how it's going to affect you um. So i hope that i hope that answers that question any of our zoomers oh there's a whole bunch of stuff in our zoomer room hold on a.

Second beauty mark mid left cheek tell you what i'll do for those of you who want um i'll i'll put the the age maps up here for men and women and. Then you can take a screenshot here's the one for men go ahead and take a screenshot if you want to let's just we'll just do both okay. So go ahead and take a screenshot that way you can reference for yourself what these things mean uh is there any reference relevance to profile leila i'm not sure what you're actually asking about can i talk about nose shapes yes. I can lazy eye usually a sign of something going on with the mom with the spirit uh what about scar under the left eyebrow same thing indicates a blockage in the energy that's going to manifest at that appropriate age range.

So looking at at this if it's you know if you look. At the age ranges here for men if it's under the eye you're looking at i think it's 35 37 39 somewhere in the 30s that's gonna manifest right. If it's if it's female once again 36 to 40 right. Hold on a.

Second here what about a scar what if someone has lines that that come up a lot when hit by sunlight is that purely because of strong sun closing eyes. Or is that something deeper as well puffy eyelids are usually indicative of metabolism issues and it doesn't really matter if they come up in the sun or they come up under normal lighting if they come up under normal lighting they're usually more um stronger than if they just come up under bright. Sun. But the lines are still there and they're still indicated indicative of the same things okay.

Can you expand on concussions and personalities or emotional changes don't know i don't know where you're coming from with that one cynthia unfortunately excessively pouty bottom lip people with uh the lower lip is belongs to people who are very pleasure oriented um they're and they tend towards a more hedonistic approach to life they're very sensual people i have whole stuff on the lips in the mouth if you guys want to explore that in a. Later in a. Later webinar in fact in face reading level two we spend on a ridiculous amount of time on the mouth and the lips let's see here does an overbite or underbite have certain traits theresa i'm almost certain that they do i don't know what they are off the top of my head i will have to ask my teacher and see what she says about that. But i would almost always go with attend if you have a really strong underbite you probably have a really big jaw which means you have a lot of strong wood influences you probably tend to be a little bit more on the stubborn side a little bit more on the willful side you may or may not be really good at sports or have a potential for being good at sports face reading 2 is coming up in december.

First week of december fall okay. So if you want to get into face reading two jump into face reading one this weekend and we'll get caught up to speed um if let's see here if there's any more questions all right. Well this has been fun i mean we had some uh we got some gamesters in the in the chat earlier. But it seems to calm down a bit now.

So um heavenly is saying does it mean anything when a person has no. Curl on the top of the ear and the top of the ear is flat yes. It usually indicates times in their life that were very lean in other words things were not good for them physically or emotionally they were very lean very thin times um can usually sometimes indicate a um a loss of attention from a parent or or an illness. But usually when when it gets very thin these think of a tree you know in the rings of a tree when a tree is experiencing a lot of abundant uh healthy soil lots of rainfall the rings of the tree trunk are very thick and very wide when it experiences lean times times of drought the line the the circles the lines of the in the tree trunk get very very thin and you can you can you can extrapolate that to the ear.

So when you see moments of thinness and private there's usually very very scarce times very very challenging and trying times they weren't times of abundance would unpacking stuff from ears change how they look. Afterwards possibly i've seen it happen there's a lot of people who are my face reading students who are online who have seen faces change in minutes just from unpacking stuff uh pumahana picos the gap between the front two teeth usually indicates extra jing. So you have extra energy reserves set aside uh indicated by that scat between your teeth it's not a bad thing believe it or not drake says i feel like it's made me more uh enlightened or like older times would have called a shaman kind of like when i was shutting the other that's possible how to identify a water personality usually they're very round um the head is very round the forehead is very dome like the eyes. Are very deep and and and recessed uh the water features are usually very prominent.

So the chin will tend to be be fairly big. But rounded right. The ears will be bigger um. So a very oval shape a very round shape to it right.

That that's usually a strong indication of a water personality i think we we talked about what does it mean to have lines under your eyes. In our directives usually uh kidney deficiency or usually adrenal fatigue something of that nature how about lips top has two nice peaks um i actually know what that is i'd have to look. It up [Music] if someone pierces the lean party or how does that change things well it can do one of two things it can actually have three effects you can have no. Effect whatsoever it can make some aspect of their life better or it can make some aspect of their life worse it really depends on where you pierce it because if you look.

At the map of the ear all of your internal organs are actually have a corresponding nerve ending in the ear. So depending on where you pierce it will depend on what organ gets affected okay. Um karen is asking did i hear right. About you teaching about color clothing color on this face reading no.

I won't be teaching clothing i'll be doing an attraction course um in april or february april and we'll be talking about clothing and coloration there as part of the overall attraction mastery program did i hear right. About you will this class be available for platinum if you're you mean is part of our platinum membership program the the live training platinum uh karen email me some of these things uh or or message me off the webinar and we'll answer or just reach out to stephanie and she can answer those questions for you okay. Last question. Then we're gonna jump that is interesting about the gap in the teeth i had an oral surgeon try to close my gap remember being.

So mad when i woke up from surgery yeah because again there any time you change the bony architecture you're changing your jing reserves and you're changing how that jing expresses itself. So i'm not saying don't do it i'm saying be very very be very very careful what you take out right. Be very very careful what you take out right. Right.

All right. So let's go ahead oh wait i got five more questions here uh i'll take a few more questions. But just again let's review once again uh if you're interested if this is fast as fascinating to you as it is to me i invite you to come to our face reading or take grab a hold of our face reading uh home study course secrets of face reading valued at 497 identity by design hypnotherapy home study course vibrational healing uh remote study course people reading for fun and profit lie to me if you dare again um just use this link to take advantage of that and we'll make sure that you get everything you need and we'll bring you up to speed and turn you into awesome face readers um can disappoint every line on the face can be worked on this is one again one of the things i want to i want to stress is that every single thing every single feature on the face if you take the alchemical approach if you unpack the trait and you harmonize the elements the emotional con the emotional correlates to the elements of the face every single feature on the face can change whether it's a line an emotion line a trauma line a feature like an eyebrow ridge or a chin or a nose as you begin to move towards what the dallas call your original face which is done through a process of reclaiming your lost loves and clearing out the emotional toxicity you've accumulated your features will change that's what golden path workshops are all about okay. So if you're in if this stuff is is as fascinating as it is and i invite you to come join us this weekend by taking advantage of this full spectrum home study course spend three days with us learning how these things work putting it together applying it to your own life and helping your friends your family your loved ones be the best version of themself oops i think i hit a wrong button there apologize if i accidentally hid your message i didn't mean to do that um.

So i wasn't imagining my face changing into an entirely different face when i changed my mindset. But how i lived um dre g i don't know who that is okay. Um oh by the way we had one lady she went on she's on the facebook. Group the other day she said all after face tweeting she went home and worked on herself and all her lost love lines went away.

So and she's actually got a youtube following of herself. So maybe she's uh dr uh or dame lillian lillian if you know that it's not lillian bridges. But a different lillian. Anyway i hope you guys have had a good time um this will be available both versions of this will be available on the youtube channel i invite you if your question was not answered during the webinar i invite you to go ahead and repost your question in the comments section below the relevant video and i will go back and review them and i will try to answer them personally and if i don't know the answer i will tell you and i will point you in the direction of someone who may have that answer for you in the meantime i encourage each and every one of you to take advantage of this this face reading super package by clicking on the link to your right.

And joining us this weekend for three days of some of those the coolest face reading and personal alchemy stuff i've encountered it's gonna be an amazing time and uh once again in the immortal words of carol burnett i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh sing a song seems we just got started before you know it comes the time we have to say. So on goodnight and god bless everyone we'll tell.
