Title: DihbFNVbYtA.txt
Video Id: DihbFNVbYtA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DihbFNVbYtA

[Applause] well good evening ladies and gentlemen welcome to lie to me if you dare uh it's uh our exploration hey my name is. David. I'm with. NLP power most of you already know who.

I am. But for our viewers at home who might someday one day see this probably not um. I've been involved in the study of human behavior personality change and all kinds of related disciplines for over half my life. I began the study.

I should probably understand why are we talking to five if. I'm an. NLP teacher why are we talking about lie detection mostly because we spend most of our time lying to ourselves uh for those of you who are in how many people are actually doing kind of therapy work. I know kind of.

Dr. Nikki does doing or getting one usually winds up being the other you know. But the truth of the matter is when in the hypnosis field especially we have this thing called the presenting problem and the presenting problem is the reason that the client shows up at your office which is almost never the real reason they're there mm-hmm you see more often than not the reason people think they're messed up isn't the real reason. But they need something to tell you.

So that they have a place to begin um growing up agent growing up. I. I was blessed with what we we know in the. Health.

Health. Professions as a very sensitive nervous system for those of you who are more metaphysical. I mean things. I had empathy that was on.

Overdrive combined that with the fact that. I was a very naive trusting young child. I spent a lot of time feeling pain that wasn't mine and getting blamed for stuff that wasn't my fault and. I was desperate because.

I had very poor social skills at the time. I was desperate for people to like me and want to spend time with me which made me write for all kinds of descent deceptions and lies and you name it. I was the target of it. So.

I. I developed a very ground form of post-traumatic stress called hyper vigilance syndrome which has different degrees to it. But hypervigilance syndrome in its most fearsome form is people who just can't shut off the awareness the sensory acuity they're still their senses are still is on an active hyper alert as uh as they were back in the field in not. Vietnam or whatever.

War they're fighting well being the sensitive lad that. I was. I became really really focused on trying to figure out who are the enemies who were the bad guys who was lying to me who was trying to abuse me you know those kinds of things. So my my early traumatic childhood gave us a gave way to a tremendous skill and the ability to perceive things that most people don't pay attention to and to discern truth from deception now that being said.

I have to tell you that this particular field that you're going to go into is not for the faint of heart okay. And the reason for that is is because you can make a lot of mistakes also if you want to be really good at catching lies you got to be really really willing to confront and if you're not willing to confront somebody a lot of the tools and tactics that professional lie detectors use are not going to be available to you that being said there's a lot of things that you can learn and that you can begin to incorporate into your your daily ritual or things to pay attention to that will send that little red flag where somebody may or may not be lying to you and keep in mind that as much as we like to think that all lies are bad our society couldn't function without them. I mean it's really true. But the bottom line is.

Not only was. I did my early traumatic childhood leave me on this path. But my fascination with human behavior and even potentials specifically kind of spurred me on and led me to two basic parallel career paths influence and persuasion as well as law enforcement. I was actually trained in kinesic interview and interrogation.

I was going to be a criminal justice major and. Then. I looked at the stress level and mortality rates of the average police officer and decided. I probably would be better served in a different line of work.

But. I was fully trained to the degree. I was at the kinesic interview and interrogation and it was one of the most fascinating fields that. I've ever encountered there is no.

Place where the skills that you learn tonight or are at least exposed to tonight will not help the more attention you can pay to another human being cross-contextually the more information that they will give you and the more leverage and the more options you're given in my systemic class. I tell people that the more range of motion that you have the more your ability to move in any angle or from any position the safer you become the same is true here when we talk about the ability to perceive and become become aware of human behaviors okay. To that effect let's talk about a little bit about um. I just want to.

I know most of you from past meetups. But. I just want to kind of go around real quick and kind of figure out how to. Target what we're going to do tonight to a specific topic or set of topics that are relevant to you something you can take home and start using right.

Away. So let's start with super. Lily back here hiding in the back what do you want to what do you want to take home from our lie detection exploration tonight well obviously you know. I'm not.

Landing now that's called a liable mission go ahead [Music] let me ask you just not to get off much. I want to get through this as quick as possible because we have quite a few things that. I want to cover remember that being aware of a lie is power. But it's what you do about it if you know you're being lied to and you do nothing you might as well not know right.

But forewarned his forearms. So yes. Being having more power in any kind of interaction with a human being trust me this is power. Karma what about you people are people lying just to do the right.

Thing or manipulate it. So. So good lies versus attention okay. Great very very good though it's important to understand that because trust me especially if you're in relationships calling your significant other on their.

Little. White. Lies not good not good good um lives like should we act on every live has been pulled to us to let some small. ER foreign [Music] language what am.

I looking at okay. To see the red flags we're gonna increase my sensory acuity that right. There is the single biggest indicator of success in just about any field event being aware of what's going on being able to calibrate what it means [Applause] um. Josh.

I just wanted you mentioned uh you know being able to call somebody out on it when you do detect it and. I'm interested in um kind of tactful ways to call people out you know in heated environments or you know just kind of know when to you know when's a good time that you should probably drop this and come back to it at a different time or when is it a good time to move forward and say hey you know what this is. BS you know just kind of kind of dealing with it all right. You know very good thank you um well.

I had a recent client that. I wasn't able to make progress with with and my perception was that she was not lying to herself or to me about what she wanted and. So uh. I think if.

I had a little bit more. I could have maybe moved for a long a little bit better remember something sometimes clients don't really want to know yeah they really don't and we're going to talk about that especially some of the examples that. I'll be given see the easiest way to lie is when you have someone who actually wants to believe your lie who has invested in not investigating further and we are all guilty of this at one time or another okay. We want to believe them because the pain of of having to confront them and go deeper and find out who you were lied to it's just it's too much to run away from it.

So who is. Sir what's your name. Matthew welcome what do you want to take home today well. I'm actually just kind of curious about the theories and the techniques behind it.

Additionally you didn't think. I saw her sneaking hey. I'm just curious okay. Good.

So now we know okay. Let's talk about this oh no. I'm sorry. I missed yeah you were higher you went stealth on me.

I ordered the electrical skills [Applause] things. I'll tell you what it's ironic. But being good at lie detection will force you to improve your interpersonal skills because of the. LIE detection it won't actually it'll actually make you actually more people by the way don't tell people you know this stuff never tell people you know this okay.

Because it's just like telling somebody you teach persuasion and can cover hypnosis for a living the minute you say that every the walls go up and they're ready already immediately you're. Darth. Snyder okay. So there are certain skills that it's okay.

To talk about certain skills that are. Best. Kept only with you. So that being said let's jump into the most fundamental aspect of lie detection what the heck is a lie now it seems like a pretty basic question right.

But what is a lie a covert defensive population covert attempt at manipulation okay. Great. Lily if you had a hand raised a purposeful mixed representation another one hypnotherapy right. Out the window right.

Because that's what we do for a living isn't it inaccuracies inaccuracies oh you mean there's something else behind this can you tell a lie and not know it [Applause] guys fall into one of three categories one that most people are concerned with is the one that happened tends to happen the least actually those are lies of falsification somebody's blatantly telling you that the water on falling on your feet is not him peeing on your leg it's raining. I know. I use graphic examples because they stick in your head better. But the truth is that's what all falsification is is telling you something that is directly.

Contra to the real the truth usually also the easiest ones to detect now while. I'm on this subject you need to also divide my eyes. Into one of two subcategories within all three of these. I call them hard lines and easy lines we'll get back to that.

But. I want to cover the three primary categories. So you guys can understand what's anybody have an idea what the. Second category of.

Lies might be [Applause] it's what you didn't say the vast majority of the lies that really piss us off tend to be these and. I imagine some are deliberate and some are unintentional yes. And that's going to be your job a lot of it as you're going deeper into the aspects of detecting deceit is what's the intention behind the action okay. Also you're going to find out that there's there are certain behaviors that people engage in that will give you a false positive they will stable they will send them all kinds of red flags when in fact the person is being blatantly truthful with you except their natural physiological response to the situation sends up all kinds of red flowers now those of you who are interested in relationship work and in order to having a relationship come on in you're gonna find out pick a seat anywhere it's okay.

We won't tell okay. Um you're gonna find out really really quick that um this will happen a lot. I kind of got off track there. But it's realizable.

Mission there's and. Then there's the. Third one did you know there was a. Third one yes.

Good he's paying attention this one was the one that really kind of blew me away this is the one where you really you know when. First we practiced you know what a tangled web we we when person practice to the. Sea these are called lies of influence okay. Lies of influence are the most challenging catch because there's a tendency because of the way they're structured to create tremendous credibility at the same time we'll get into some of those why don't we get into the net as a matter of fact since.

I'm on that subject by the way for those of you who really want to go deep be prepared to spend a lot of money. But probably one of the best books you can pick up right. Now is called spy the. LIE.

It's relatively new written by some xcia lie detection experts. I found it to be very well written it's not real high in terms of jargon like when. I was studying kinesic interview and interrogation you had in all kinds of weird jargon and things like that. But.

I think this is very user friendly any books by. Paul. Ekman whether you if you're going to deal with promotions or people worth their weight in gold took. A class with him yeah.

I'm a big fan of. Paul. Edmonds he was also the primary consultant for the show lie to me obviously he didn't see the cancellation coming up what was the author of that one this one is by. Philip.

Houston. Michael. Floyd and. Susan carnicera now if you really want to go deep down the.

LIE detection yes. I have books everywhere the. LIE detection. Rabbit.

Hole one of the guys that. I studied when. I was doing kinesic and. Terry interview interrogation in college was a guy named.

Stan. B. Walters and they call him the. LIE guy he's probably written and published more information about kinesic interview and interrogation than anybody out there and.

I'm really. I was really jazzed when. I actually found a small little home study course with his. But lies of influence are basically deception cues where the person will give you a direct falsification and.

Then he will deflect you he'll deflect. You by calling attention to no. I didn't steal that piece of jewelry. I've been.

I've been the maintenance man here 25 years why would. I jeopardize my retirement for that right. The other the other power with lies of influence is the repetition of that what they'll do is they'll deflect you they'll they'll give you they'll very briefly deny the allegation usually not always there's there's about 21 different tactics that people can use in pretty much any combination we don't have time to cover every single one. I'll try to fly through the laundry list and give you some examples where.

I can field questions. But the truth of the matter is this is a very deep subject and um by and large if you're if you're focusing on the verbal component catch the lie you're waiting in the deepest. Waters there's way too many things that can. Sidetrack you okay.

And we'll talk about the order that you should actually be paying to paying attention to in terms of deception behaviors. But lies these even these three categories are actually well they're stress responses okay. Fear anger sadness aggression okay. Lies although it seems good are not actually natural for us we have to think about them which gives us the concept of hard lines and easy lines hard lies have to do with lying on the spot or concealing or misdirecting emotions that are being felt at the moment okay.

Usually in terms of a hard line you're dealing with emotions on the spot you're dealing with not having any time to prepare a story the more time somebody has to prepare a story. The more acting experience they have the less the more they move towards this category hard lives are usually things that are done face to face in the moment those are the ones where you'll see the most deception leakage deception leakage our stress responses that happen as a deviation from what we call a baseline starting to sound a little technical. So let me just back up a little bit am. I losing anybody.

So far thank you this is. Eric when. Eric was talking about sensory acuity and calibration skills okay. What does that really mean those people who are not.

Eric and calibration skills what do those really mean he said what does it really mean s to the stressful things. Channel rather than go around the entire room. But let's just make it real simple things you can perceive and what they need by the way when. I'm writing on the board.

I'm not writing for you. I'm writing for me this is how. I process okay. You can tell because we can't read that yeah.

I'm horrible that way [Music] um. But. I did invest in a brand new microphone because. I just have to have good sound quality things that we can perceive and what they mean now all deception indicators well.

First of all there's no. Such thing as a deception indicator no. Single characteristic trait of any kind signals alive definitively things you perceive and what they need in other words you have to be able to calculate change from what the norm this is where the rub comes in because until you establish what their. Baseline is that's the technical term what their.

Baseline expressiveness is their. Baseline stress level is you can't accurately begin to collect data and figure out what it means understand that also you have to remember something else the person you're interacting with is watching you at the same time you're watching them. Therefore your responses will affect their responses the. First thing we have to do whenever we're going to interact with somebody is we must determine where are they at right.

Now if we if we've known this person for a significant amount of time that's usually pretty easy moms do this to their kids all the time because they know when when the kids telling a lie because you see it every day okay. Any deviation from the baseline or the norm indicator of stress levels period deceptive deception leakage or deception indicators do not begin to become relevant until they appear in what we call clusters okay. A cluster again technical term is any two or more cubes appearing within five seconds [Applause] on that. So far.

So what are some things that we can begin to do what can we start to pay attention to well we can start paying attention to their verbal responses which is usually the. First thing in the primary thing most of us do pay attention to is verbal responses you mean the content or the content usually specifically are we still on fireplace uh our lives are basically what happens when you're trying to mask something you're feeling in the moment or make up a story on the spot the more you have to improvise with zero preparation time or at higher levels of stress or emotional feelings under the surface heart lying becomes because the greater the level of stress the less control you have over your body and this is important because if you want to get reliable indicators of deception you have to amplify the stress level which means you may have to become conditional if you really want to get people to the point where they're popping you know what. I'm saying that's why. I say this will force you to become really good at your social skills because this will break every kind of.

Rapport you can possibly imagine all right. But this is in kinesic interview and interrogation that's what we're going to do we're gonna there's different types of emotional responses that they have you anger just depression denial acceptance bargaining these are all things that the the subject is going to engage in based on the current level of stress that they're feeling okay. But remember that for most people just the act of lying especially if they know they're lying they have a fear of being caught they have the stress of trying to come up with the line trying to keep their story straight that's already three strikes against them there will be some deception leakage while assuming the salesperson's lying to you right. But again.

I think most. I think most salespeople are actually fairly honest there's there's bad eggs in every crowd. But the more a person can convince themselves of the truth or something the more congruent they become in. NLP terms we're looking for incongruity we're looking for mismatches between the words coming out of their mouth their facial expressions their body language and their hand language their legs in terms of in terms of studying body language we're going to look.

At the face we're going to look. At the arms and shoulders torso a little bit. But legs legs nobody pays attention to legs legs will tell you a lot when we're dealing with people most. Liars spend most of their time on their facial expressions and their voice and the words coming out of their mouth some pay more attention to their tonality.

But depending on the stress levels it'll still stop that makes sense higher pitch of it is more alive higher now no. No. Fire pitching no. Stress oh oh okay.

Yeah which brings us to two fallacies that could in fact trip you up they can be reliable indicators that some deception is going on can also just mean they're stressed out for some other reason one is called. Roca effect named after the. TV anchor. Tom.

Brokaw when asked about when. Paul. Eggman was doing an interview with him about uh you know how he figures out if somebody's lying he said one of the. First things.

I look. For is when. I ask him a question is there level response go from very simple very direct to very long complex explanations. I called it a tirade sometimes there's a motion with that sometimes it's just all of a sudden the explanation gets way detailed way out of proportion now the problem with this is that.

Brokaw would take that as an indicator of lying it's not it's an indicator of stress okay. Of defensiveness not necessarily mine it could be doesn't mean it is the other the other effects called the. Othello effect again a behavior that could be masked that would can be perceived as being deceived for winning fact it's only a stress response in the. Othello effect just like in the show or the play somebody's confronted with something that stresses them out and all of a sudden because they're being confronted because they're having an emotional intense emotional experience they start to have stress indicators merge the person on the other end perceives that as validation that their accusation was in fact true when it wasn't it was only a stress response.

So you've convicted the person and they're not guilty okay. It's an it's an exaggerated stress response it's like the lady doth protests too much me thinks kind of a thing and there's actually different layers to that and get back to lies of influence we'll talk about some examples you might hear. But again just remember these will in fact happen as you're confronting people as you're questioning people as they feel more and more interrogated to lack of a better word their stress levels will begin to increase okay. But these are only single indicators nothing begins to mean anything until they start happening in twos and threes and fours and again you have a five.

Second window when you're doing this now one of my favorite body language indicators if you're going to start doing deception aside from getting a. Baseline pupil dilation now pupil dilation in and of itself does not indicate deceptions okay. Of course in a way for what. I call tourism away from positive stress or negative stress when the pupils dilate positive response or four extreme fear.

So when. I tell when. I teach my guys and ladies about attraction and relationships. I tell on the list they're shaking in their shoes leaving a little puddle under the bench guys are dilated and she's not running in.

Terror or he's not running in. Terror they're into you okay. When we see something we like whether it's something on a piece of paper or something in a store window or another human being the pupils dilate okay. When you have extreme fear the pupils also die like because we need to see how the hell get out of there okay.

So if you're in an. I hope you guys are never in a situation where you have to put somebody through the kind of stress that a lot of these interviewers use okay. But if you see those pupils dilate why are they having that extreme fear if there's if you're not standing over them with an. M60 or a butcher knife there's probably something they're afraid you're going to find out.

I mean you should dig deeper not necessarily assumed by the way that they're wrong okay. Think of everything you're doing as a quest for confirmation rather than judgment. So pupil dilation is one of the things. I like to look.

At. I call it pupil dance because as you interact with a human being as they listening to what you say as the interaction progresses the more they like you the more the pupils will begin to grow up as they move away or have a aversive response to what you're saying you'll see pupils dilate when people are analyzing and mismatching what you're saying trying to find holes in your argument you'll see the pupils dilate okay. If the eyes. Stop moving they're inside their own head talking to themselves as a role yes.

So can we say that um like the pupils dilate and you would have to do with stress. Then everything we're talking about is about stress you have positive stress when they grow that would be like a sign of relaxation or it could be relaxation. But it could be also be arousal physical sexual arousal pupils get huge in cases of intense emotion tense positive emotions in fact they get. So huge the irises disappear actually okay.

But this is a very useful indicator okay. If you and. But it only becomes useful if you determine what's the norm. First.

I do this to my wife all the time used to drive her insane because socially we're taught not to hurt people's feelings and that's the key just because you perceive a mistruth or a viable. Mission or even a liable influence it may not be appropriate to call attention to it at that moment okay. Give some give somebody enough rope they'll hang themselves okay. Well it's fun to go out and throw your.

Jedi lightning bolts around zapping people in with the with truth serum every time it's usually not socially advantageous for you to do that okay. So we talked about verbals what are verbals verbals are any words that come out of their mouth. I would like to talk about these. Last because they are easily the most convoluted.

But some of the things that are non-verbal which is basically anything coming out of the mouth that has nothing to do with the words itself or the meaning of the word itself those begin to become useful one of the things we want to look. For is the use of non-words stutters pauses again only useful if you've already calibrated what their normal way of speaking and communicating is you ask somebody did you take the. Last cookie out of my jar there you go uh [Music] how many how many cues did. I just give you [Music] at least two right.

I gave you four or five action because my eyes. Went up. I went. I paused when.

I used a non-word and. Then if you listen to my tonality it went up didn't it nope okay. That's how fast five five cues can appear simple now imagine when you're having a conversation with somebody and it's something you're really passionate about you're really inspiring imagine how challenging these things can be okay. So pick one or you know one one or two areas of the body that you want to begin to work with and become really good at those and.

Then when those are kind of on autopilot where you can pretty be pretty reliable with those. Then start adding other stuff in because after a while things are just kind of happening gestalts to start jumping out at you. But the most reliable and useful non-manipulatable by most people indicator of sternogical relative to pupil dilation yes. Pathological.

Liars are kind of outside of the purview of this because most of them don't have any idea what reality is they don't care and they're not going to exhibit a lot of these stress responses unless you sit them down in the chair and. Then you start calling them on which. I think exactly they're professional. Liars con men professional.

Learners people who are used to pre-vearicating or prefabricating for a living con men enemy soldiers spies huh boyfriends you might have to change your calibration skills with a boyfriend okay. No. As a rule no. No.

But you have to get a baseline. First most people don't have the level of physiological control to to influence their people dilation unless have a strong background in method active ly again whatever the level of physiological arousal they're experiencing the emotion they're feeling will impact their level of expressiveness verbally and non-verbal that's why when. Ekman was doing most of his research on facial expressions when he wasn't using you know people in a natural setting he was using actors. Training.

Method because the whole process behind method is about accessing legitimate emotional states from your past and. Then amplifying them and using that as your mode of expression which makes your behavior verbally and non-verbally authentic and congruent okay. It's important to understand the more somebody can get into character the more they can begin to become convinced and believe what they're saying the more convincing the line the closer to the actual truth the. LIE is the more harder to detect that's the most powerful line the one that's closest to the truth it's just one or two degrees off okay.

So you have to be really really aware of all of the. I'm not trying to overwhelm you or dissuade you from from going down this this path. But. I want you to understand let's try if you're not aware of it it's going to screw us up at some point in the process does that make sense okay.

So non-words right. Stutters slips of the tongue. Freudian slips they like to call these all represent stress indicators when they start to appear in clusters now the flag should start going up and the cluster has to appear consistently that means every time something is is initiated that would provoke a stress response you get a similar repetition of behavior the more repetition and behavior you get the more reliable the indicator that comes that make sense okay. Next thing we look.

At by the way this is not exhaustive. But if. I give you more than this you're gonna get you're not gonna use any of them. But these are the ones you're most commonly going to see questions on this.

So far. I forgot what did you say the fellow my fellow principal is where you accuse somebody of something or you question them you're trying to figure you basically accuse them of lying and their stress response is. So exaggerated that it gives them the appearance of lying when they're actually just trying to defend themselves okay. All of a sudden deception stress indicators are misperceived as deception because or deception indicators okay.

Yes. Another question um when you are like dealing with this stuff face to face with people how do you you got any tips on how to control your own stick because it's usually like high stress on both ends you know how can. I find myself like you know like. I'll find myself just tensing up you know or.

I do certain things or. I just get quiet you know and. I would like to be more. I guess you'd say like in control of my own sure responses in these kind of situations you can't you can't do lie detection if you're not in control of yourself too much non-verbal information going back and forth between the two systems yeah that just reminded me many years ago.

I had a guy call me up he said he had to take a lie detector and he wanted to know what hypnosis could. I helped him to pull the lie detector test wow yeah. I didn't take it actually. But yeah.

I understand that you're shaking your life could be enough yes. It's huge. I have to remember something attraction is a stress response every indicator that guys and girls look. For at on each other to find out if they're into you or not are stress responses they're just generated from a positive state okay.

Everything human beings every form of body language is in response to some level for some change in their stress level possiber negative she's got this permanent movement you have a question what is it no. I just well it makes it hard to if if you're in a situation like that where you're not expecting somebody lying there's no. Competitions and each physical thing that you see looks like a stress response. Then how do you when you're not interested with them in small age and instead it's just a positive stress response okay.

Context for one context is. King you have you cannot divorce the responses from the context period. I wish we could take these things out and isolation say okay. This is this and this no.

It's all based on the situation you're in at the time if you're having a heated argument all of a sudden he's just big his eyes. Get really these peoples get really big and wide well he's either about to kill you out of fear or make love to you you know it's just. But what's the context the context is going to give you a frame split around it. But you have to be careful okay.

Again we have to use some level getting back to his question did. I answer your question yes. You have to you have to look. At the contest.

So that's why. I'm. I'm a little bit in a challenging situation here because most of this is based on a very confrontational we're in an interrogation room or some kind of a negotiation and mistakes are high most of us are not going to deal with with that level of stress. So how do we make this more pedestrian or civilian lack of a better word um.

But did that help you with legs yes. Okay. Also keep keep an eye out on. I covered this in the attraction seminar keep an eye on the feet are pointing you'll see this especially here in somebody who's not see like his boss is right.

Here and the door's over there and they're they're trying to get their feet flowing in towards the door as quick as possible okay. You'll see this a lot in uh in the bars and stuff like that you'll see people you'll see a guy trying to stand this to talk to a a girl and he's he's you know full frontal and she's like cheers you know and she's trying to be polite and 90 of her is out the door you know these things will happen in situations where you're confronting people as well one of the biggest things indicators that we. I use and it's not a deception it's not an indicator of deception although it could be our body tilts or postural tilts if if somebody likes what they're seeing or likes what you're saying you'll see a subtle forward lean if you look. At me from the side if this is neutral you'll see this this subtle forward lean if they don't like it if they're trying to retreat from what's being said you'll see this okay.

And you can see and you can watch this happen as people are involved in conversations and the conversation starts to go south you'll see people start to back up see people start to get distance from the thing that's causing the stress these indicators that we're talking about are ways that we try to deal with our own level. UPS internal stress and the stress on the outside that's why having control of the stress levels in the room or in the interaction are. So important the more the more wood you can throw on the fire the harder your body becomes to control the more you give them the ability to be in control the less reliable the deception indicators become because they become smaller. So your job if you want to get people you know flagging themselves jump their stress level can you uh comment on a therapeutic situation how.

I might use that stems stems technique what is that latest system called. Michael expressions actually it's actually that's that's facial stuff to me we'll just put it down right. Away um you have certain types of body language. Edmonds identified it um and.

So. I'll use his terminologies uh we have what we call emblems you have illustrators micro expressions he calls them squelched squelched expressions now in terms of therapy as you continue to talk about their problem pay attention to what they do with their hands what they do with their feet how their body contorts or doesn't contort these are all indicators of ever increasing levels of stress when. I'm doing. I do a very unique form of hypnotherapy called every activity which means in a nutshell if somebody comes to me because they have chronic asthma.

I'm going to induce the asthma attack in order to fix it. So. I'm real good at giving people stress okay. But the stress that you initiated the stress response that you that you.

Amplified is a direct connection to where the problem is the unconscious or neurological level. So it becomes clinically useful that way the more somebody tries to hide or deny it the more their stress level is going to jump especially if you continue to ask those pain points that's when you start calibrating on their tonality the words they lean on things like that because as you use them every time you use a word that has an emotional charge to it within their system they're going to have an amplified stress response either positive or negative that's why whenever possible use their words okay. Or deliberately misuse their words if you want to get more stress again this becomes an art as well. So emblems emblems are the unique socially programmed lexicon of gestures that we use now how do we use them in terms of lie detection or in terms of subconscious emotional response.

Paul. Atman was talking about one of the. First the. First experiments he did on envelopes emblems are things like this okay.

Your driving finger you know right. Now and emblem becomes an emblem when it's delivered partially and outside of the field of presentation the field of presentation is here to here use actually between the neck and the hips. So he actually hired one of his his co-professors at the uh at the college or university where he was undergrading or graduating right. To to grill these prospective psychology students on uh their career paths where they wanted to go and whatever they answered they couldn't answer it right.

So he would basically start you know say. So where do you want to major in when you when you graduate oh. So. I want to go into oh you don't want to care you don't care about the people who really need the help you want to hide the laboratory and just kind of crunch numbers off things like that you do it for three or five minutes and he would videotape all the interactions well he got this one girl in there and uh she was watching it and he saw the most amazing thing the girl for the for almost after the.

First minute to two minutes it was giving the predecessor the bird through the entire interview just like. I'm giving it to you it's delivered outside the field of presentation that's always never orthodox okay. But these are things you will in fact begin to pick up okay. Okay.

Very cool. So there's about according to. Eggman there's about 60 in the in the. American lexicon of emblems there's about 60 different gestures that we use an emblem becomes important as an unconscious response when it's delivered outside of the field of presentation many times the person doing it doesn't even know they're doing it okay.

Again that's your list of possible clusters you know if all of a sudden you're talking to somebody their voice level rises they shift back and they cross their arms and you see a little finger peeking out at you now you have a flag right. We can have fun. But these are things that people do all right. One of my favorites is the income at the beginning of almost every session.

I teach. I go several rules this means yes. This means no. This means oh please don't call on right.

Someday they'll laugh at that. I don't know or. I say this means yes. This means no.

There will be a test okay. And you'll find more often than not that people are true to that. However many times the words coming out of their mouth will not match the knot it it's like. I really love.

Chinese food not to eat it every day you know just. I can handle it well. I had pictures of one of those. I know you always do okay.

So uh and in fact. I think it happened a minute ago a few minutes ago when she you asked her something. I forgot what it was. So she said like this and you imitated that.

I have perceived when they're going like this when they're reading yes. It's like you won't even believe how much. I mean that. So there's two there's still a negation going on it says not necessarily the topic you're thinking of it and.

I covered that. I discovered that too also one of the things that happened is many times the especially when does the subject of micro expressions and micro. Expressions indicate one of two things or both a suppressed emotion or repressed emotion and if it's repressed they don't know it we'll talk about that in a minute. But yes.

In in some cases not enough to be statistically useful um they will be disagreeing with something in what you're saying there will be some level of moving away from or aversion response to it when you get inconsistencies like that that's where you become becomes a point of exploration actually experiencing some high emotion almost always yes. Jaw quenching can be a very strong sign well it is that's inside. But what does it occur in conjunction with that makes it relevantly useful as a rule just the jaw expression no. But it is a fencing response a micro expression is a full expression that takes place within about a fifth of a.

Second or fifteenth of a. Second uh contrast that with squelched expressions this close expressions are emotions that we're feeling in the moment we sense it's coming and we chop it off in mid stride okay. A micro expression is a complete expression of one of the. Primal emotions anger fear sadness surprise contempt enjoy those are the primary emotions that all human beings experience cross-culturally cross-ration uh could be it could it could be uh you know uh as they're talking about something terrible a smile flashes across their face for a fraction of a.

Second all while they're espousing how sorry they are for this person and inside they're rejoicing okay. We've all seen squashed. Expressions where something bad happens to somebody and it's obviously hysterical to you and you're trying to be politically correct right. Right.

Or you know somebody broke wind and it was you and you don't want to do it. I see we've had a few this is. I trade money. So micro expressions are very useful most people cannot see.

But with a couple with just an hour or two of training uh with several hundred photos you can begin to actually pick them up pretty consistently okay. Um. Paul asked me if you go to his site. Paul admin.com.

I think he actually has uh you can actually join his membership site and actually get access to his facial training software which. I think is very much worthwhile if you're going to be dealing with people ever illustrators illustrators are cool yeah the thing about emblems illustrator is micro expressions and squash. Expressions is in fact the frequency will change as the stress level changes as a rule as the stress level increases emblems will tend to become more dominant especially 13 towards deception or higher levels of stress emblems will become more blatant they'll become more frequent contrast that with illustrators illustrators are meaningless movements that actually at emphasis to the words being spoken. So if you're.

Italian you're going to do this a lot right. However as a person stress level goes up and they move towards deception illustrators tend to decrease now how do you know if an illustrator is increasing or decreasing you've got to have a. Baseline none of this will help you a bit if you don't have something to compare it against that makes sense is this helpful useful yeah. But anytime you see somebody talking and they're gesturing wildly on a kinesic deception or stress calibration level they have and if they're only they're only useful in relationship to the speed and the way the person's expressing themselves verbally.

However neuro-linguistically again they have a meaning to the nervous system that is useful okay. They actually do in fact indicate how somebody is creating the structure of that experience in their own lung which means if they understand it you you can use it. But that's a different class not such a. TV.

So emblems are what what are emblems they'll figure they're going to remember the finger forever. But there any uniculturally programmed gesture remember this means something completely different in. Europe and. Asia than it does here okay.

They're cultural egman did a lot of work on delineating between what is a culturally programmed non-verbal response versus what is a culturally programmable my suggestion is you learn the the universal human. Expressions. First and master those everything else is going to be a variation and it's going to be culturally dependent okay. So that's my recommendation take it earlier um just take five minute break come back and we'll go somewhere else all right.

So we've talked about verbal indicators we've talked about non-verbals right. A couple other things. I want to mention about verbal or non-verbal stress indicators as a rule pitch and tempo are highly responsive to increasing levels of stress they're probably some of the easiest things to calibrate. So.

But in order to calibrate you have to have one there's one. Baseline okay. So when you talk to somebody you have to calibrate what their current level of expression is and. Then calorie calibrate deviance change people who are stressed tend to raise the pitch of their voice they get much higher like this what right.

The state that you're not happy with to remove to being free of it suffering is what happens when you run away from the problem and it keeps following you wherever you go most people will not show up at a therapist doorstep until they've suffered enough okay. By the time they reach most of our our offices they've been to the medical doctor the psychologist the uh the psychic the witch doctor the shaman you know the voodoo guy down the street usually they show up on us because they can't find which doctor or voodoo doctor in the in the phone book. So they just show up and we fix them more often than not you know provided we get the right. Information and we have the right.

Set of techniques. But as a rule hypnotherapy has a better hit rate than most other forms of psycho-emotional intervention by far be that as it may that's my my sales pitch for us. But. Anyway that's lies of omission do you want to neutralize the distractors or the deflectors lies of instruments that's what we just covered and the strategy for dealing with it because.

I couldn't give you this big three-headed monster without giving you some way to start to deal with it as a rule you'll almost never go wrong with finding something within what anybody's saying that you can agree with sometimes you'll have to chunk up sometimes you'll have to chunk down. But the moment they perceive some level of agreement a lot of the power out of their willingness to fight takes a lot of the fight out of them okay. Not sure exactly why it could be any number of reasons. But as a rule that's how it works and you repeat that what you just said about what takes the power finding anything within the.

Crux of their argument that you can agree with you know someone says really hate. Chinese food don't like to eat at places like that. God knows what's in it blah blah blah right. You say you know what.

I completely agree that sometimes you just don't know what's in. Chinese. So. I just kind of you know like an agreement kind of neutralizes yeah did.

I in any way say. I. I don't. I don't like.

Chinese food either you know in any way imply that we're not going to the. Chinese restaurant. But it took. The sting out of it a song.

I've got an ally the guard goes down and all of a sudden the controls are let up and things start to slip because that's all an interception indicator is is it's a momentary the guard goes down for a brief moment in time it's there that's yes. But it also helps you can absolutely for a reason if you're agreeing to something yeah and that's a very common interrogation tactic is to you know what. I can completely understand what you would once. I called your name he spit on you in front of your woman.

I can understand why you want to show the knife to his gun. I do the same thing yeah quit because a lot of them care the law is there a community did it or you didn't do it right. That's again way around yes. Okay.

So let me ask you this my son-in-law putting husband can be friends with my son-in-law there's always vicious there right. So my son a lot usually answers this sort of way um. I. I just finished with it we did clean it up you know he goes on tangents like.

So isn't that kind of like what you're saying is rationalizing it away well what was the actual task you were supposed to do clean the dishes did he do it no. Then obviously it's a lie of falsification he didn't do it okay. But. Then he's going on to what the dashes suddenly appeared magically dirty again you have.

Gremlins that like to eat when nobody's looking tell me exactly how that happened you know and again just tell me what happened and they'll hang themselves that's more of a live falsification. I mean obviously if the proof is right. There it's easily verifiable you're not really doing. So much with a live influence.

So much as displayed in falsification they're still going to try and rationalize and qualify. I just finished using it. I just finishes you just finished using the dish that you didn't clean exactly. So.

Therefore that's why it's in there okay. Women cleaning yeah do you think he knows how much he's the. SMS. I don't think he knows how much you know he's you know he's.

BS okay. Because we all think our parents are stupid especially as we become teenagers and that's we should all we still know every time. I have. I have to tell you the funniest comment about that my daughter when she was she was always manipulated me.

I. I from the time she was born. So when she got older. I said.

I'm not gonna let you manipulate me anymore she says you knew and. Then you made your. Next request and you did it remember a lot of times the resistance heavily. Mount is episodic the minute we change direction the state goes away and.

So all the energy we built up to fight the good fight isn't there anymore we have to generate it all over again. So a lot of these tactics if we ever get to them um our built around those those kinds of of tactics. But. I really wanted to cover that particular one the.

Next one is that we're going to talk about is um qualifiers now qualifiers come in two flavors nobody here does sales. So. I'm talking about quality you know qualifying a client or qualifying as a prospect that doesn't make a lot of sense for somebody the qualifier is a condition that gives somebody license to. Omit certain kinds of information or focus on certain kinds of information.

So you have qualifiers of exclusion and qualifiers of perception thank you uh words in this category would be like um basically fundamentally probably most often for the most part usually possibly they give you more wiggle room in their answer they removed the definiteness of it um discipline again without. So it allows you to truthfully withhold certain information well basically he asked me to keep a separate set of books basically just for himself you know what the hell does basically actually mean you either did it it's like being a little pregnant yeah the other the other set of qualifiers are qualifiers of perception and these are very similar to what we do in lies of influence in that they are building our credibility people start talking about how trustworthy they are how upfront they are how honest they are um they'll say things like to be perfectly honest these are pre-frames the simple fact is truthfully if you really got to know anytime you hear a qualifier or something like that they're trying to amplify their credibility and your perception of them as being honest and upright. Whereas in this one there's they're going to exclude some kind of information they're looking for permission to get vague that makes sense frankly sounds very specific. But it's not trust me.

I teach this okay. Frankly it's one of those words that you think you know what it means and. So you fill in your own definition of what frankly means and apply it to the person speaking to you okay. I teach the opposite side of this too creates very powerful hypnotic suggestions you'll find interesting way that a lot of these exclusion modifiers and a lot of a lot of these things end in an l y which applies they are descriptions or descriptors of something either describe nouns or adjectives you use enough of them people going the trains really fast the.

Next one is everybody loves this one selective memory and again when we're dealing with selective memory they're looking for you it's very hard to challenge you know did you in fact take the. Last donut. I mean. I can't recall did you pinch your ass.

I don't remember right. Did you in fact sleep with my sister. I don't think. So weren't you paying attention like sounds silly.

But these are the things you'll see able to see this all the time you know did you on the night of. July 12th were you in fact at this location. I don't rightly remember were you were you not on. Friday night bowling with your friends you know.

So long ago. I don't know. I don't remember very hard to challenge it difference between saying. I don't recall and.

I don't remember because. I was a cute pose very recently and an attorney briefed me a little they said say. I don't recall. I don't know the difference if there is one semantically.

I don't know if there would be one um to me they're pretty synonymous. But as a rule here's the thing. I understand these behaviors don't tell you anything unless and cluster people will respond this way and be truthful just because you hear it does not mean they're lying yet you have to look. At everything you know when they're passive did you in fact see my sister and have dinner and we go into her apartment at 10 o'clock at night.

Last month while. I was out of town. I don't remember count them how could you even accuse me of something like that. I don't even recall if that were true or not jumping out at you now okay.

You have to take in everything the context and especially the five. Second rule remember if if you ask the question and you see this book. Start counting okay. First of all pause is a big warning sign.

Anyway that's usually there's usually do you see it. Then just wait because you've already got one two you know you're on the right. Track yeah you can tell the life. I told him the truth how can you tell a lie by telling the truth you spin it you use certain words that people have uh preconceived associations for have nothing to do with what you're actually saying they fill in their own details you've told the truth.

But they've implied a different meaning to it oh that came out of me some people call it spinning those fall into the classification of lies of omission more. So and lies of influence as well um is this useful okay. Yes. You can give me a good review would you guys like if.

I were to do like a two or three day workshop on this stuff was it something you guys love to do would that be something this means yes. We're covering different subjects you know like that have to do with like a nervous system and like base human behavior. So this is the. First time.

I've ever openly taught the skill of lie detection. I've taught some of it pieces of it to my. Mastermind members um. But.

I'm going much more in depth in certain areas. I have a question about like if somebody's in how you said like you have you ever been in a place where you wanted to believe somebody what do you do when you're dealing with people who um you know like just reality avoidance in general like not wanting to see like the reality of. So like if you're dealing with somebody and you're you're you know like financially connected or whatever and what they do affects you and they're not completely looking at reality what do you do about that you know like. I went into trance during the explanation of your question.

So. I'm not sure what the question actually was what do you what do you do when you're dealing with people who are like deeply in denial or.
