Title: DjpfELwFXK0.txt
Video Id: DjpfELwFXK0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjpfELwFXK0

August we got a big month coming up in. August out in. Las. Vegas in the.

August 2019 we're going to be doing we're going to be out in at the the. Orleans. Hotel and. Casino.

For nine days of intense world-class hypnosis training we're doing a three-day killer charisma forbidden secrets of covert hypnotic influence this is not killer influence this is a much different putt well not a much to actually does much different puppy this is gonna be a training the beginners to advanced on covert-hypnosis much like our original curricular influenced course. But. Then we're going to deviate into some very powerful other aspects we're going to talk just like before we're going to talk about the seven stages of persuasion the universal persuasion. Kotick all echo technique how to make people like love and trust you in as little as twenty minutes how to link everything you want somebody to do to their emotional desire to do it.

So they want to do what you want them to do we're going to talk about spatial hypnotic operators meta programs. DRTs we're not going to spend as much time on those because we're going to jump into something that's even more powerful and that is what. I call attraction psychology there is a there's been a lot of research over the past 30 or 40 years as to how anti social persuasion experts hack the psychology of attraction to cause people to become hyper suggestible and. I managed to get my hands on some really powerful information that synergizes really really well with our killer influencer training system and.

So you can consider this your defense against the dark arts class because we're gonna teach you everything you need to know about how to influence people covertly and. Then we're going to show you these five key this five this five stage system that social predators use to. Tom pardon my french to mine good people. So you can learn how it's done.

So you can protect yourself against it and. Then use it in your benevolent way there's no. Domination class. Zach.

I'm sorry right. But we're gonna teach you that as well. So we're also going to teach you some stuff about negotiation and how to protect yourself through what. I call renegade reframes how to rapidly change people's beliefs are obliterate objections in normal conversation.

So we're going to be taking data from our. CPI 3 class which is all about conversational reframe and objection overcoming objections we're going to teach you how the. FBI. CIA and all kinds of crisis negotiators hack persuasion technologies and incorporated that in there we're gonna teach you the attraction psychology stuff that nobody's teaching we're gonna show you how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason completely covert without their knowledge and most importantly we're going to teach you something called the red flag system which was developed by.

Wendy. Patrick which is a system that allows you to screen the people in your life to make sure they're not one of these social predators the problem with a lot of the people who are are the social fighters out there they've spent a lot of timing what we call proactive behavior they've spent an outrageous amount of time psychologically profiling their victims in their marks. So they know exactly what emotional needs they're most hungry for and. Then they change themselves to match that ok.

And there's a five stage process that they use. I'm gonna show you that process. I'm going to teach it to you. So you can learn how to do it because if you can't learn if you don't know how to do it you don't know how to recognize and if you don't know how to recognize it you can't protect yourself from it.

So that's the. First thing that's gonna happen. Then. I'm gonna teach you the red flag system which is how when people come into your life that may seem like they just walked out of your ideal fantasy you can know exactly how to screen them it's a four stage system flags it's an acronym we'll teach you that system and.

So when you want to you can actually personality profile people based on their social media and all these things and know if they're more likely to be the what they say they are does that make sense. So if you like the three magic questions where you get to will you literally prime people to give you all the information that allows you to figure out if they're keepers or not and while simultaneously you know being attracted to you this is the. Next step well it's how to find out if they're really who they say they are which spudley for going through magic questions you have a pretty good idea cuz it gets harder to lie to you the longer they're in the three magic questions process right. We're gonna combine that and.

Then we'll throw in the 36 magic bullets which are 36 questions that when they bring them up in normal conversation and in the process of answering them causes the person to come fall deeper and deeper in love with you it's it's it's really creepy was discovered by scientists believe it or not. I'll give you the holster. But what they literally were doing is they were trying to find a way to study relationships in people who didn't have one. So they came up with this this series of questions to facilitate a relationship.

So they could study other things. So it's like you digging for gold and you strike oil right. What they didn't realize when they when they created this these series of questions well is that the people who were doing this got. So bonded.

So connected to a budge from actually one. I'm getting married in as little as 90 minutes they didn't get married in 90 minutes. But that that was it is. Vegas.

But that's what this that's in the science if you go to. PubMed and you pull up the study you'll see it in the abstract right. And. So.

I took. They took. Me about three years to weaponize that into something that was actually useful. But if you don't believe me some people back in the day about four or five years ago.

I guess when it came out. I'm not sure exactly when they actually grabbed those questioned and turned it into an app right. Which you play is like a card game or something out of date. I've made a little bit more conversational.

I've grafted it onto the three magic questions protocol we'll be teaching that out there too. So that's a lot for three days oh. I know. I know.

But there's levels beyond it right. So if you've liked it through magic questions you'll love everything else. But you have to have the foundation. So that's and that's under it's also one reason why we did this class as a killer influence variant because on the end of the hypno.

Thoughts. Convention which is our hip no. Thoughts live hypnosis convention is. August 16th through the 18th 2019 it's a three-day convention.

I'll be teaching two of the three days and in addition to me presenting there will be hypnotist. Burt hypnotists from all over the world high level names presenting really cool stuff it is by far the best hypnosis convention on the planet it is well worth attending there'll be some noted some luminaries there who. I wanted to study with. But.

I've never been hypnotized for like. Doug. O'Brien for one an expert in sleight of mouth and a lot of cool stuff he was a trainer for. Tony.

Robbins for a long time he's written a bunch of books that are very popular he'll be there for the. First time. Mike. Mandel will be there.

Melissa tears will be there. I don't know if. Marissa piers will ever show up it hit no. Thougts convention.

But she's. I'm sure she'd be a hit if she did who else. Richard non guard. TJ will be presenting on audio and visual techniques and equipment.

So if you liked what you got today over the weekend if you don't all if you aren't already taking him up on his offer to guide you through that process of creating your heart here. AV systems one would now be a good time to get that done right. And. Finally on the final three days after the convention we're going to do vibrational influence.

So in this class we're gonna go into remote influence we're gonna go into remote viewing cuz. I'm most some of you know this some of you don't. But. I was at one time the president of the.

American. Association of remote viewers. I served on that capacity for about a year and. I learned the original.

Stanford and de. ID protocols the di di da. I can't remember. Anyway protocols for technical and coordinate remote viewing specifically coordinate remote viewing and.

So we'll be teaching applications from that and. Then we'll take that. Foundation and we'll teach you how to do remote influence and this is where we can actually from across the room ultimately from across the planet if we want to literally raise and lower people's blood pressure their body temperature their heartbeat and you'll actually be able to objectively measure will actually hook. When you partner up well actually hook.

You up to machines and you'll take baseline readings and. Then you'll separate and you'll start you know knowing who you're working with and what you want to do and the other person will know what they're trying to do and. Then you'll gradually become more and more blinded where it's at the point where you're working with somebody you know who it is your target your tasking and the person doesn't know what character what trait or attribute you're manipulating and sometimes you'll draw you'll draw a chit from a random chip from from a box or whatever and it'll say raise the blood pressure lower the blood pressure raise the body temperature or lower the body temperature do nothing right. So we try to minimize the effect of actual suggestion or placebo even though it's kind of a misnomer because everything is placebo right.

But. So you can calibrate will teach you how to get rapport with not just people. But elements vibrational elements the elements in of our universe fire water air earth have a frequency range that is pregnant for lack of a better word with information information that you can access and manipulate if you can understand the rapport skills you learned in killer influence or. CPI we're going to show you how to do that we're going to show you how to work with those energies the way the.

Taoist did the way that the. Iyer vets did and the way the hermetics did and show where they all integrate where they all overlap. So whether you know what's the same we're gonna give you the specific drills to develop that ability in yourself and. Then we're gonna set you loose on each other to actually create phenomena how to make yourself heavy how to make yourself like how to amplify your body temperature just by a certain breathing pattern or a sound that you make right.

These are all things that this is one of the this is one of the components that's largely left out in a lot of our. Qigong exercise that our health derivatives or whatever they said that we talked about fire and we talked about these things. But they don't tell us why it's important to develop them it's important to develop because those elemental correspondences build your energy body they make it stronger more robust. So it survives after you transition it also has a by-product makes you more charismatic when you start building these energy attributes you start clearing out all of your negative personality traits you start amplifying your positive personality traits and.

So you become your best self you become more self actual you've evolved your neurology is what. I like to call it that's really what hermetic practices which. Taoism or the. Taoist esoteric.

Taoist esoteric. Buddhism the the druidic stuff the the. Egyptian stuff the. Hawaiian stuff it's all based on this core set of principles that are universal and once you understand the principle is you can reverse-engineer this which is what.

I've been doing from there you know those things will amplify everything you already do they will amplify everything you already do that will make you more powerful more influential the universe literally aligned itself because you leave that connection that you have to the non-local grows stronger okay. Now you don't have to believe me just do the training and you'll understand we're gonna spin in line with manifestation. I'm also gonna teach you what. I call the ultimate manifestation method which some of you know of its image cycling we're gonna go very deep into how that process can be used in other ways and how it relates because there's a whole there was a whole bunch of epiphanies that.

I had after. I learned how to use that particular image cycling process for manifestation and healing. But we're gonna teach you that we're going to teach you the. Reiki system.

So you understand how that works we're gonna teach you. DNA fada healing which is about where they're in the inverse of each other. Reiki is where you bring a higher level energy down the theta is where you take the person up to that frequency and you literally command to healing and watch it happen it's very cool. But they're very much the inverse of each other you learn how to compare and contrast that with things like the pranic healing model which is more like energy surgery by a pranic healer it's gonna scrape out energies you're gonna put other energy in and it's a very conscious process right.

Very very different. But he's still channeling energy from one place to another and. Then of course you'll learn about the chi gong model which basically. I call the duracell model.

Qigong models as a rule treat the human being like a big battery you suck up all this energy and you hold on to it and when you need to use it you use it and. Then you replenish it the problem with that model is that if you use too much of the energy and you haven't replenished it a you drain yourself. But also the back pressure from the energetic healing actually causes those healers to become to become more susceptible to the diseases they treat and a lot of those healers because they do too much healing they actually want to contract like a day that they're specializing in cancer they'll wind up with cancer right. Now it's not that that model is bad every model has its pros and cons and are better for certain things right.

And we'll show you how all of that fits into the scope of the. Hermetic system that we're using and we'll show you some stuff that's unique to their. HoMedics systems that aren't aren't directly encompassed by those healing modalities. So we'll teach you how to do that one-on-one we'll teach you how to do it from across the room we'll teach you how to do it from across the planet.

I'm also going to show you some other things that aren't the. Coogee base. But they're also mudra based. So.

I certain mudra positions that will actually make you more intelligent as time goes on that will eliminate fear and make you more courageous there are hand mudras that will make you more hypnotic those are my real secret points. But. I'll show them to you and. I'll teach you to and.

I'll point you just like before all points you at the books if you want to go and follow up on me or do whatever okay. But um that's that's my intention is to just indoctrinate you into all of this stuff we'll show you how to enter people's dreams install suggestions. I don't do remote viewing alright. So.

I don't do astral projection. I do remote viewing. I don't do spoon bending. But.

Zak does and he's gonna be there. So. I may have him teach spoon bending or something like that what else do. I teach.

TJ at vibrational influence that yeah that's that's that's the interesting thing vibrationally yeah two years ago this is this is where. I got really funny two years ago. I started to you and. I won't have oh.

I'm always hesitant about teaching vibrationally influence because it's it's the the field is. So full of charlatans and frauds and people who use suggestion in place of actual energetic phenomenon and you'll understand why both are important and why one its weak without the other and you'll see you'll see how to remove prop pain suffer all the things you see us doing our other classes will take on a much deeper significance all the techniques and any by design silo when you go through this court you'll learn all about chakras you'll learn about how to clear chakras the anatomy of a chakra how to gage shock or spin diagnose them fix them you learn all that stuff and you'll test it you'll actually do it you'll actually get results with that okay. It's all hands on we're gonna teach you remote viewing remote influence we're gonna teach you energy healing skills we're gonna teach you chakra work we're gonna teach you the the vibrational like the elemental sounds and positions all the things that we would normally teach in our regular standard vibrational influence course phase and trust me your plates gonna be full. But you'll be able to do some really cool stuff right.

And of course once the doors closed and. I go around say what do you want what do you want learn what do you learn write the curriculum might change a little bit. But the reason that we're that's. But because vibrational influence in my world is an advanced class and you need those core skills the state control the rapport the self-directed trance work we did the killer influenced class in the beginning of the week.

So that people who want to come to vibrational influence will have those prereqs and we actually have written of thoughts attendees will have a two-for-one special that we're doing and stuff like that. So if you're interested in those applications what's wrong little buckaroo some of them will we like. I said we always we well actually what we do for they hit no. Thought screw is we try to keep the the trainings from the hypno.

Thoughts world separate from all the other trainings. So the people who join the hypno. Thoughts events get private access to all that content. So when you when you buy the hypno.

Thoughts sign-up package which is different from your mondo package when you buy the hypno. Thoughts package you actually get every a video the video of every single event we've done every hypnotoad svet we've done both the pre conferences and the post conferences and all that all the breakouts i did during the conventions for the. Last four years. So everything we did.

Last year you get as a bonus right. So it's a really really stupidly good deal plus you get all the current like these classes that we do here they'll be in your members area too as an extra bonus for signing up like. I told you before hypnotoad thoughts is the one time of year where. I.

I kind of give more than usual and. So for those you had that that package before it's awesome right. And there's literally hundreds of hours of content for free that you get in addition to the live trainings right. But that is different from.

Armando packages because that's a revenue share. I do with hypno. Thoughts and it screws up my bookkeeping. So if you want that package.

I can register you for that package. But that's not included with with your mandos.
