Title: Weapons of Social Seduction: Psychological Secrets of Influencing Behavior and Controlling Minds!
File Name: DjZgeIl-zKg.txt
Video Id: DjZgeIl-zKg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjZgeIl-zKg

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e for okay. E e e for how do. I look. On the screen um let me see probably help if.

I turn the camera [Music] on the video is not. F what the video. Fe is like not. F it's sh okay.

Is that on my end e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in welcome to weapons of social seduction one of my probably one of my all-time favorite webinars to teach um these skills that we're going to be sharing with you tonight have truly uh paved the way for me in in every aspect of my life from my personal life to my my business life my therapeutic applications to how. I deal with family and uh.

I'm really excited to be able to share these things with you tonight. U pardon me if. I if. I look.

A little odd. I am actually out in location right. Now we're starting our uh. Advanced face reading certification tomorrow.

So we decided to do the webinar uh since the webinar was literally back to back with the uh with the live event we decided to do it from the location and. So uh just bear with us because we're not working on our regular internet and stuff like that. So before. I go.

I jump into the official class um. First of all how for how many of you is this your. First time uh experiencing the madness in. Mayhem that is uh.

Planet. David go ahead and type type if this is your. First time type. First time in the chat and where you're checking in from um if you're a veteran how long you've been around.

Planet. David you know what's uh what's going on right. Uh while you're doing that. I'm gonna just go into my little.

Dr. David doggy. Pony show for moment here. So tonight is all about neurocognitive secrets for charismatic attraction protection protect ing your mind and influencing with.

Integrity we're going to teach you some very powerful very effective ways to command attention effortlessly to make people listen respect and follow you um we're going to be teaching you how to instantly influence people's emotions shape their feelings before speaking uh and uh create some ultimate social and professional control for you. I love the. I love the person who did the copy for this it's almost like they were an. AI or something right.

U. Break relationship barriers that build truth trust and. Harmony effic effortlessly in any interaction and. Finally activate confidence on demand to stay calm decisive and in control under any form of pressure.

So what these interesting little bullets are actually referring to are some very very simple ideas the. First idea is that human being everything that human beings do let me jump out of this really quick everything that human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job is uh and to get to ethically get anything you want in life is to just move through the world giving people the exact feelings that they need. So that they'll take the actions you want them to take for their own selfish reasons and that's what these bullet points are about that's what ethical influence is really all about we say weapons of social seduction uh because it gets your attention uh and that's another trigger that we want to understand is that anytime if we want to influence people to do anything the. First thing that has to happen is we have to get your attention and you know back in the you know the 50s the 60 40s the 50s 30s there wasn't there weren't as many things competing for our attention as there are today.

So back in the early you know parts of the 20 21st century 20th century the 19th century there wasn't as nearly as much information as there was and. So the problem was not too much information the problem was not enough in in today's modern era we have to cut through the nor we have to grab somebody by the brain stem in some cases literally um and and force them to pay attention now the good news is is that even though our technology has evolved dramatically in the past hundred years even in the. Last 20 or 30 years right. That.

I've been alive things have changed. So dramatically the cool thing is is that the technology has evolved. But human beings have not now. I know that's weird and it's a kind of a provocative thing to say considering you know all the different political ideologies and belief systems and just gender classifications or non- classifications and all the other things that we're dealing with for the.

Last couple decades. But the truth of the matter is on a neurological behavioral level human beings have not evolved that much and. So while we may talk about different things and have and talk about different issues the way we go about satisfying those desires hasn't changed right. So what we're going to do tonight is we're going to cut through the noise as much as possible we're going to give you some very powerful very simple actionable steps that will literally force a person's nervous system to pay attention to you pretty much to the exclusion of all else um we may do that we'll do that in the form of linguistics we'll do that in the form of a principle known as identification which is something that regardless of what what school of influence you're from every school of influence.

Taps into this ongoing un principle and we're going to talk about that a lot. So the before. I get into the all my disclaimers you know. I should probably do that now.

So. First and foremost if this is your. First time with me if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you now is probably not the best use of your. Next two and a half to three hours and. I yes. I did say about two and a half to three hours because our our webinars are notoriously long the reason they're notoriously long is because we believe that you you need to have proof you need to have an ex experience of what's possible for you.

So that you can you feel more comfortable grabbing a hold of the offers that we're going to give you and applying them out in the real world. So here's the thing if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn even in the two and a half to three hours that we're going to spend together we have time for about this much. So my commitment to you my promise is. I will take you as far down this influence.

Rabbit. Hole as humanly possible and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to get even more training and stuff is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat um if you're not. Then would now be a good time to click away because we're going to do that.

Anyway right. As you're doing that um keep in mind that we're going to divide the webinar up again because this is a class not just. David pitching his stuff right. This class is designed to teach you the fundamentals of human influence it's designed to give you very simple concrete actionable techniques that you can take out into the world and prove it to yourself and that's the best part about the planet.

David. Technologies is that you don't have to believe any of it works all you have to do is go out and actually use it and you will see people change right. In front of you it's a very very cool thing and this class um i'. I've flirted with the idea of teaching you guys hypnotic language patterns.

I will tell you that hypnotic language patterns are immensely powerful. But they're not nearly as powerful as being able to control your own psycho emotional state and using your state to influence the psycho emotional states of other people that is the true. Jedi skill and if you have that if you have that. Then anything that comes out of your mouth is supercharged right.

For those of you um let me look. At my chats really quick. I want to welcome our. YouTube brothers and sisters joining us from wherever they are right.

Um for those of you who are on. YouTube there is a link in the community tab if you want to join us on. Zoom you can do that too uh there is a little bit of about a 35 to 45. Second lag give or take between um between when.

I speak something on the on the the zoom call versus when it shows up in your chats. But the chats are in real time. So um again if. I'm a if.

I'm if. I seem a little scattered it's because. I'm trying to. I got.

I'm used to a a screen that is about the size of my armspan and. I'm looking at little tiny uh screen. So this is a little bit interesting for me to work with this. But it's okay.

It's all good. I love you all. So by a show of hands how many new people do we have uh to. Planet.

David rest of you all uh veterans. I see huh okay. That's fine see here. I just lose my.

I think. I just lost my. YouTube no. I didn't my.

YouTube. I lost my my regular chat. I lost my zoom chat guys hold on a. Second there it is all right.

All right. So uh let's go ahead and go into the presentation and. Then uh we're going to go ahead and start to customize our content and that's the other the other two parts of tonight's webinar. First is foundations fundamentals things you can take out and start putting together right.

Away. But you absolutely have to have in order to apply the things we're going to teach you in part three of tonight's webinar part three of tonight's webinar is the personalization phase it's where we take the content that we've spent decades refining and honing for everything from sales and therapy to dating attraction. Law of. Attraction uh negotiation mediation and we target those things to the specific applications that you want to know more about and while we're on that subject let's go ahead and take a moment type in the chat um what is it you want to learn most about tonight if you as a byproduct of tonight's training if you were to come away with one or solid hardcore things what would you like to be able to do better as a byproduct of tonight's training go ahead and type that in the chat for me okay.

Uh in the meantime. I'm going to switch to screens and. I'm going to go through my bio and all those other good things and we'll go from there. So.

First and foremost. I am in fact an actual doctor. I have two doctorates as a matter of fact. I uh graduated from acupuncture.

School in 2005. I got my doctorate in. Chinese and. AC.

Chinese medicine and acupuncture uh from. Pacific. College of. Oriental medicine back in uh 2019.

I've been seeing. Clin uh patients in my. Clinic in salana. Beach since 2005 where.

I've specialized in treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion. So while many people who are. NLP practitioners hypnotists um even even. TCM practitioners they spend a lot of time treating uh like nail biting or habit control or weight loss or something like that um.

I've spent a lot more time working with the real really heavy duty stuff. Parkinson's disease multiple sclerosis cancer uh every form of of traumatic or. PTSD situation you can think of uh from cult abuse to child abuse you name it we've dealt with it right. And we've we've honed some very powerful techniques for helping people to become free very very quickly um.

So. I want to know that. I. I just finished my.

Second doctorate in. Chinese our. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine.

So. Colleen is saying. I'm involved a job search and expect to be doing some marketing. I also want to strengthen relationships and help my own healing you're in the right.

Place kiddo you're in the right. Place being genuine and honest with people. I love because of person okay. Excellent.

So we got some really cool people online. So this is this is a copy of my. Global gurus bio in 2020. I was named the number one.

NLP practitioner or trainer in the world by global gurus. org. I've been in the top two slot for the. Last eight years. So the only other person that's that's ranked higher is.

Dr bandler the guy. I learned from uh in a lot of ways. So. I'm very happy to be uh to be considered one of the best at what we do and a lot of that is because of of the support that you guys have given me and.

I want to thank you uh for voting for us. I noticed a lot of people started voting again for. Global gurus if you haven't you can go to. Global gurus. org and uh cast your vote for me.

I would really appreciate that and if you do that please email me that you voted uh because. I have special gifts for people who actually take the time to support us. I've authored over 50 different products on various forms of human influence guys everything from conversation hypnosis dating and attraction to sales and marketing uh therapeutic applications of conversational agnosis you name it um if it involves human influencing humans to do something. I've created it.

I'm studying it. I'm about to create it. So this is this is something. I'm very passionate about and it's something that.

I'm very excited to be able to share with you guys this is a copy of our. Global guru's letter saying that dear. Dr. David it is with great pleasure for us to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for.

NLP known as neurolinguistic programming and you can see that here if you click that link you'll go to a page kind of like this right. And this is from 2020 we've been the number one training program in the world for the. Last four years literally 2020 through 2024. I believe is uh.

We've the number one slot. So a lot of the material that you're going to learn tonight is drawn from our killer influen program okay. I also have a left lung martial artist. I have a grand.

Masters 10th degree black belt in. Ruku. Kempo parate fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin.

Cal. Second degree black belt in kosok. Kempo. First degree black belt and more other instructor certifications and.

I even cared a name. However. I've also been doing a lot with energy work. I've been very involved in the study of bioenergetics since the early 90s.

I've been a raiki master and teacher since before raiki was even cool uh along that time. I was also studying cabala uh. I was doing cabala long before. Madonna even heard of cabala.

So. I am very much a primadonna uh. I'm an advanced certified chronic healer and pronic psychotherapist. I'm trained in advanced.

DNA feta healing as well as advanced. DNA manifestation techniques. I'm certified in the. Bankston energy healing system and.

I just completed my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is a form of shamanic medical chiong used by the medical chiong hospitals in uh in. China for many many years before it was outlawed. I'm very very proud of that.

So when you see all these things on. David's uh you know curriculum. Bai and resume and stuff like that it's often hard to see how well how does martial arts and and energy work and and. Chinese medicine what the heck does that have to do with influence well to understand that you have to chunk up as we say in.

NLP you have to look. At what all these things have in common and what these things all have in common is the ability to control your own psycho emotional state in other words when we talk about uh. State. Control in.

Planet. David what we're talking about is the ability to enter or exit any emotional state on demand at will in any situation or circumstance and. Then to effectively transfer that state to another human being if you've ever heard the expression emotional contagion or the the con. I've ever heard the concept that emotions are viral they're contagious you can pass an emotion from one person to the other we've actually developed a very very powerful and effective way to train human beings to do that to be able to actually go into a certain.

State link up with another human physiology and transmit that state like sinking up two. Bluetooths and causing that nervous system to do interesting things and perceive the world the way we want it to do. But it starts with being able to control your own. State the byproduct of which is no.

One can ever push your buttons ever again and uh anytime somebody takes you by surprise you can instantly get back to your equilibrium and and think on your feet. So it's a really really useful skill if there were a. Jedi skill in all the technologies that we teach here in. Planet.

David it really would be the state control training a lot of people teach language patterns a lot of people teach um uh certain things like emotional values and things of that nature nobody puts it together the way that we do it nobody is teaching the state control segment which is what is the glue that really holds it all together when you get your state control processes down you can walk into a room and emit tremendous. Charisma and tremendous. Comfort to an entire room and you can influence that room very very powerfully um we're going to introduce you to some of those studies tonight and show you where to go to to level that up okay. And.

Then of course the. Second thing we talk about here is pattern recognition and pattern recognition is where everything starts to to come together everything human beings do everything human beings do has a structure to it everything human beings do follows a sequence and a pattern and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can spot those patterns patterns of thought patterns of speech patterns of emotion or feeling. P um patterns of data processing patterns of movement and when you understand and can recognize these patterns you gain the ability to predict what's going to happen if you inject change into that particular pattern it also gives you the ability to change the pattern and that's why pattern recognition is.

So is. So important because human beings your brain evolved to be very efficient and. So it defaults to these patterns rather than actually analyzing and thinking once we understand how to tap into the states of a person the feeling states that are even being as and these patterns that they're running we gain the ability to really literally reprogram every. Behavior every belief every habit that they might have right.

The only question that comes to mind once you understand that that's possible is are you doing this in an ethical and responsible way right. Just because you can do something doesn't mean you should. So our approach in killer influence and and the. NLP trainings and the.

CPI trainings that we do is to teach you the most powerful easy and fun to used ethical way to do this with another human being and make them want to do the things you want them to do for for their reasons doing it in such a way that they will thank you for the opportunity to do what you want them to do right. For their own selfish reasons and that's what the the core of tonight's training is about we use the term weapons of social seduction and. I'll tell you a little a little fun fact to. U.

I was reading a forward to one of. Dr. Robert shalini's books uh many many years ago and he was talking about how the title of his book. Influenced the psychology of persuasion uh they almost used weapons of social seduction.

But they went with influence the psychology of persuasion and. I was like wow that's a pretty good title it follows all the rules for getting people's attention tapping into the reptile brain. I'm gonna use that. I'm gonna play with it and.

So we've been running these uh these weapons of social seduction uh seminars and webinars for a long time and the the title has actually uh worked really really well for us. So. I just wanted to give you a little bit of background. I was the inspiration comes from.

Dr chini's book. You're going to hear me talk a lot about some of the principles that uh he's to see discovered and he's been teaching for many many years now uh in the context of a whole system of influence not just a few isolated principles that can work together. So uh that being said uh before. I go into the.

Next level of this uh let's talk about questions tonight's webinar you're gonna have a lot of questions and. I love questions if you ever watched all my old videos on. YouTube and stuff like that you'll know. I.

I love questions the problem with questions especially during a a very focused event like this is that it can can often take us in directions that pull us away from the core content. So there are three ways that you can get your questions answered tonight. First one is type it in the chat right. If.

I see it and. I can read it because the print's really small right. Um and it's gonna and it's on track with where we are in the webinar. I'm happy to answer that for you if for some reason that.

I don't see it or. I. I think it's going to take us in a different direction. I will elect to just keep talking and keep teaching for those of you who are veterans of.

Planet. David type in your name and how long been in plan. David if you see a question in the chat that. I did not answer.

But you have direct experience answering using our. Technologies feel free to answer that person privately if that's not good enough and you still want my answer to your question. Then when the replay of this video goes live in the comments section below this video all. I want you to do is go to that go to that video type your question and.

I check. I. I do my best to check our uh comment section at least three or four times a day and try to answer as many questions as. I can.

I've been a little busy this week. So. I haven't gotten to it quite as much as. I would have liked.

But. I promise you. I always catch up right. Um.

So that being said. Nisha says. I've been. Planet.

David for seven years yay. Nisha you go girl all right. So to cut to the chase what does what does all this have to do with persuasion and influence pretty much everything you know the state control the. Rapport the whole nine yards.

So here's the thing is this is this the place for you if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions just type yes. In the chat uh. I am a teacher who thrives on interaction.

So the more you interact with me the more you're going to get out of tonight's webinar if you'd like to become super attractive to the opposite sex and make them find you charming fascinating earist well type that's for me in the chat for those of you who are a little bit more on the the the self-defense side if you'd like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate true confidence and assertiveness and be. Alpha go ahead and type that's for me in the chat if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from the manipulators of the world easily handle difficult people type that's for me in the chat right. If you'd like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So they naturally want to follow your lead when would now be a good time to say that's for me right.

If. You' like to nailed job interview after job interview after job interview even when you're up against clients who on paper are more qualified or seem more qualified than you without lying cheating or misrepresenting yourself in any way this a webinar for you because that's actually happened with us several times several of our students have gone out into the world using a process we call the interview pressure and literally walked away with a job they didn't qualify for without ever having to lie cheat or steal about their qualifications because what they did was they matched the emotional needs and desires of the person doing the interviewing and of the the job criteria. So perfectly that the person just fell in love with them and just wanted them to work on the team. So this is something that can happen and it can happen very very simply very very easily if you follow the training that we're going to share with you tonight okay.

Uh if you'd like to surround yourself with true friends people who mirror your values people who support and love you rather than. Gaslight you and and criticize you this is probably a really really important webinar for you to be on because if you really pay attention to what the below the surface of what we're teaching you're going to see that everything about finding people who are just like you and and and and who are going in the same direction is actually part of what we're teaching tonight right. These techniques are. Universal they will they will work for you any place be human behavior and language is involved and as you'll discover as you get deeper and deeper and deeper into influence training and persuasion is that the most powerful things those powerful principles are often the simplest and.

So we're going to try and keep this simple and get you guys some a handful of things that you can take out into the world um at about the uh 70 minute. Mark 50 to 60. Minute 70 minute. Mark.

I'm going to go ahead and transition into phase two of tonight's webinar phase two of tonight's webinar is taking your taking your training further showing you the exact how to get access to the entire system that we're going to be sharing with you tonight. So that you can decide how far down the influence and persuasion rabbit hole that you really want to go okay. So that being said if you if you're willing to stay on tonight. I promise you.

I will teach you some of the fastest most powerful and ethical ways to influence anyone you meet to like love trust and. Obey you usually because and usually thank you for the opportunity to do it. I'm going to teach you how to have people hanging on your every word. I'm going to teach you how to have people salivating to and wanting to do what you want them to do we're going to teach you how to control your emotions and remove resistance to influence and.

Finally we're going to give you the exact steps you need to go from an interesting informational experience to a maximum persuasion and transformation experience and skill set in the minimum amount of time possible. So how are we going to do that well let's start with the teaching you something called we call the secret back door into the human nervous system this is something that we teach that uh we teach it in every webinar and the reason that we teach it in every webinar is because it just works and if you understand this one simple technique it's like having the username and password to anybody's dashboard their mind and their heart on the planet you literally can hack their nervous system and and they're the most powerful words that any human being could hear at any given moment we'll teach you why that's true we're going to talk about the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction one of the things that you'll discover as you get deeper and deeper into human influence is that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your job isn't to convince people of something if you have to convince somebody of something you missed the big picture you see everybody has their own reason for wanting to do anything you can conceive of they truly do a lot of times they don't realize that they have their own reasons until you bring up and put them in that context. But for every thing a person can possibly want there is a checklist that they their nervous system automatically generates that defines the ideal anything right. You want to buy a house your brain generates a checklist for what constitutes the perfect ideal house for you if you're thinking about finding a taking on a lover or or a partner and you think about going out and finding somebody your brain creates an idealized checklist of what that person should look.

Like what they should sound like what their. Hobbies should be all those things happen instantaneously the moment you create a context right. And it and it's. So pervasive that you can go up to somebody uh who is has never thought about a certain thing set the context and they will generate a checklist like one of the common examples.

I use in our killer influence training is um most 20 year olds have never even thought about life insurance right. They're 20 years old right. What do they need life insurance for what that's they got their whole life ahead of them right. And yet if you go up to a 20-year-old you and you set the context properly say if you were to think about something like you know life insurance right.

Something that's going to take care of you or your family if something should happen to you. I'm curious what's important to you about the ideal policy for you what would that be right. The moment you set that tone their brain is just gonna it's just like. AI you type.

The. Prompt in and all of a sudden it just goes human beings had it. First obviously. But the moment you set that context and you ask that question the brain starts generating an arbitrary internalized internally generated list of all the different data points for how this person is going to recognize they're getting exactly what they want all you have to do to manage and leverage that is pay attention to what they say and how they say it and.

Then ask a couple of basic questions paying attention to the answers validating their response echoing the words that came out of their mouth and asking your. Next question and they will literally give you everything you need to say to them in the order and sequence need to say to them and they'll tell you exactly what you need to show them or have them experience to want to do the thing that they just five minutes ago didn't want even know they wanted to do that's how pervasive this phenomenon is that's what we call neurocognitive influence because it's it's about how your nervous system actually works right. How does how does language control the brain how does your brain turn things into language and how is that rep and how does that interact with our sense of what's desirable in the world okay. Once you mastered emotional bonding you can make pretty much anyone you want want to do anything you want for their own reasons and that's where we get into the the question of.

Ethics it is very very possible to use these things in an unethical. Manner and. I'm going to tell you that it is not necessary to do these things in an unethical manner because if you truly uh care about this person and you want them you want them to be happy. Then the moment you find out what they want as long as you can deliver that and you tell them they'll just want to do business with you they'll want to connect with you they'll want to spend more time with you right.

Where it becomes an unethical issue is where we start lying to people and we start trying to use this same mechanism to convince people to buy things that aren't in their best interest and. I will tell you that karma is a bage all right. If you use these things in unethical way that person will remember you and they will move. Heaven and.

Earth to get payback. So the truth is there are some applications where a win- lose or is inevitable or win a win-win is not possible that's not the vast majority of human uh interactions. So our job is to move through the world helping everyone we meet feel ridiculously good and showing them how to get everything they want by doing what we want now to me that's the very definition the very. Spirit of a win-win win situation would you agree yes.

Or no. If you agree type yes. If you don't agree type no. Okay.

Cool right. And this is and and and the reason. I bring this up is because whenever whenever people are talking about persuasion and influence and ethics this. Bugaboo comes up a lot of people have a very very bad set of what we call.

Meta associations to to influencing people right. They they they don't want to influence people because if. I have to convince you to do something. Then it's it it's not worth doing that's not actually true you see the ability to influence another human being to do what you want them to do is the core survival skill that you need in modern society okay.

It's time and time again it's the people who have the ability to influence who have the best jobs who have the most opportunities whose business does the best who who has their choice of their their favorite mates or whatever. So. Nancy rich is asking n. Rich asking could this work for one-sided conversation like if you have a.

YouTube channel could this help you speak your audience in a way that captivates them and keep yes. 100% 100% because again it goes down to uh in killer influence we have a a system the killer influence system is broken up into three core modules the. First module is called i1. I stands for identity i1 is identity in other words who are you what skills do you possess what perceptual abilities are you tall are you short are you heavy are you thin right.

Are you know if you were doing face readings are you a metallic person or a wood person. But the idea behind identity is who are you what are your values what do you stand for what are your skill sets what are your attributes that work for you what are the attributes that work against you okay. And hold on a. Second.

I think. Moss is sending me something okay. I'm not sure if. I'm gonna have time to to that up.

So. Anyway um. So i1 is all about who you are as an influencer what are your values what are your what do your line in the. S what are your ethical uh constraints right.

Uh kayas asked if. I like the anagram model. I'm not super familiar with the anagram um. But.

I will talk about that. I'll talk about that when. I teach uh the. Next uh face reading or behavioral influence or behavioral profiling webinar that we talk about we'll talk about different personality profiling systems um.

But. I don't have a lot of. I don't have a lot of experience with the anagram. So.

I'll be upfront with you on that. I2 which is brings up what. Kayla was just mentioning. I2 is all about the study of intelligence now when we talk about intelligence.

I'm not talking about your. IQ. I'm not talking about how smart you are. I'm talking about information.

I'm talking about your ability to extract as much information about the person you're seeking to influence in the context an environment in which you're seeking to influence them okay. So. I. So we have i1 as identity who you are.

I2 is who are they. I3 is what are the tools of influence that we can bring to bear on the situation to get our outcome and the person's outcome in the shortest amount of time possible what's the least amount of steps that we need to take to get the outcome. So killer influence system is based on these three meta categories i1 who are you. I2 what do you know who's the other person what do you know about this person.

I3 the tools of influence tonight we're gonna we're gonna flirt a little bit with uh something that is pervasive to i1. I2 and. I3 emotional bonding and value we may flirt a little bit with. Linguistics in fact.

I'll be. I will we will be teaching you. Linguistics uh. But.

I want you to understand that even in these three areas the same things keep popping up right. And. So um it's really important for us to understand. But it's never necessary for you us to lie cheat misrepresent or steal from another person when we use this system it's completely 100% ethical it's the most fun pleasurable and exciting way for one human being to be communicated with by another human being and when you do this you will become the hero in their world right.

Notice at the beginning of the webinar said secrets of charismatic communication when you utilize the techniques we're going to share with you uh on the webinar and in the in the complete system people will never forget you they will they will remember you for years they will never forget how amazing you made them feel and that is the secret to long. Last lifelong. Charisma and confidence in your. Communications right.

It's it's actually really simple right. It's almost too simple that's kind of what what happens many times um. So. Colleen says.

I would love to help people it's it's inevitable. Colleen if if you follow the program that we're going to share with you right. Everywhere you go people are gonna love you and if they don't you'll understand why right. Usually because they view you as some kind of competition competition.

But even. Then you'll have the tools to turn that around um again and the other thing. I want to be very very very transparent with you everything. I'm teaching you.

I developed none of it for you. I developed the methods that became this system for me because. I was the classical bullied kid. I had no.

Social skills. I spent more time hiding from people and finding you know desperate to find ways to get people to like me and love me. Then. I even.

I'm even comfortable admitting as a as a guy approaching his sixth decade um and. So. I developed these things for me it turns out that many many many other people had similar problems similar challenges and and. So.

I. I with an open heart. I share these things with you. So you can make your life every bit as as amazing as you can using these skills and believe me when.

I say um these. I. I haven't even you haven't scratched the surface of what you can do with these things that you're going to learn tonight and they're very simple right. But everything that human beings do is in response to a feeling that feeling is created by having our needs either stimulated positively and pleasure with pleasure or stimulated negatively causing us pain.

So this the sum total of human behavior persuasion and influence can be distilled down to three very very simple ideas feelings feelings we move towards and feelings we move away from everything else is a derivative of that idea your job is to move through the world giving people the exact feelings they need. So they'll automatically engage in the behaviors you want them to engage in now that begs the question how do we do that the fastest way to change somebody's behavior and change somebody's decision is to change their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First and here we are full circle back to how to control your own. State and that's where we're going to start we're going to give you some very simple very effective ways to go from wherever you're at to whatever state you want when you come to killer influence training in.

January or um you know as a byproduct of the the the package we're going to share with you tonight you're going to get the full the full training the full day and a half of of. State control training that drives everything that we do no. One will ever be able to push your buttons ever again and no. One will ever take you by surprise without you being immediately able to recover.

So if you've ever been the victim of gaslighters or future promises or any kind of narcissistic manipulative. Behavior the way that they get to you is by generating emotional feelings emotional states in you that cause you to lose your ability to think and they keep you emotionally off balance until you just you go into such a confused state that you'll just do whatever everything seems to be the path of least resistance out of that confusion we're going to show you how to just flip the script on that right. Away right. It's actually really really simple okay.

But like. I said if this is the scope of everything there is tonight. I got time for this. So.

I'm going to share that with you as much as. I can does that sound like a fair trait yes. Or yes. As.

T. Becker would say okay. Very good um all right. So let's go to my.

So. I'm also going to teach you um we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence now we won't spend as much time on the four pillars today simply because each of those pillars is this massive. Vault of persuasion information and. Tech technique.

But. I will tell you what they are and. I'll tell you those up right. Up front now.

So that you can begin your study when you get your courses and still you can begin your study on those things there are four macro categories of influence that automatically uh entice people to seduce them if you will uh into obeying or complying with your needs the. First one is called authority authority is the king of the persuasion pyramid for lack of it's the king of the persuasion. Kingdom um. Authority is any type of perceived executive power any type of highlevel social status or access to resources knowledge and or somebody who has the ability to channel and focus very direct emotional communication we'll talk about in killer influence we'll talk about this under the the concept of honest signals.

But those are the four basic types of authority and when you can emanate the uh the perception of authority. Then people become predisposed to complying with whatever you tell them to do authority of all the four pillars that. I've mentioned which is. Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence.

Authority is the one that that relies the least on a phenomena we call report all the others generate a kind of compliance through some variant of. Rapport. Rapport is a connection a feeling of sess or identification between you and another human being or a group of human beings we'll talk about the identification principle uh probably. I don't know if we'll get to it uh in part one of tonight's webinar.

But we'll definitely be talking about it in part three when we start customizing our applications tonight. So from. Authority you go to attractivity attractivity is the ability to be perceived as attractive by another human being or a group of human beings right. Now there's two types of attractiveness you have physical attractiveness and.

Then you have emotional attractiveness physical attractiv there's a lot we can do with physical attractiveness and the ugly truth about attraction ladies and gentlemen is that attractive people get more stuff they get less jail time they get out of parking tickets more they um they are viewed more positively in subjective evaluations by their opposite sex instructors um they're automatically perceived as as being more socially. Adept more intelligent more creative more accomp more more more more more okay. I don't make these rules. I just report them.

So please as my my my seafu used to say don't shoot the messenger. But the truth of the matter is is that attractivity the ability to manage and express attraction or generate attraction is one of the most powerful ways for you to get further faster right. This is why. I have.

So many different products on various forms of of. Attraction not because. I want to teach you to go out and become the. Next pickup artist although you could do that it's because attractivity and the ability to flirt and be fun and outgoing and make people feel good about themselves in a sexy way right.

Um is one of the most powerful social lubricants that we have take sex off the table take romance off the table just moving through the world making people feel more attractive about themsel will cause them to like love and trust you more we call that validation and that's the driver behind a lot of these things that we're going to be talking about tonight okay. Now again that's physical attractiveness. But there's also emotional attractiveness and emotional attractiveness is what we're going to focus on tonight how do you become somebody who checks. So many boxes in a person's heart that it doesn't matter what you look.

Like would that be useful to be able to to to have such a powerful influence on somebody that they don't care if you look. Like [ __ ]. Gollum right. I know some of you guys love.

Gollum. But you know. I'm just using that as an example that they would just they would just feel that emotional connection to you automatically would that be something that that might be useful yes. Or yes.

Type that in the chat for me perfect absolutely and this was my big this was my biggest field of study. I'm okay. Looking. But.

I didn't. I mean. I. I i' had a lot of work done constantly working with my parents.

But what. I was able what. I learned how to do very very on was create these intense emotional states between the connections between people and that's what. I've been using uh for lack of a better word of all this time to really move through the world and that's what people are desperate for especially postco with all the alienation and isolation that we went through both from the political malstrom going on as well as the pandemic and everything else human beings are desperate to starve for any form of visceral validating connection and if you have these skills in your toolkit people will fight to spend more and more and more time with you okay.

Um. So let's move on let's see here oh let me finish the four pillars real quick the. Last two pillars affinity and acquiescence. Affinity you can think of as the the concept of people like people who who are like themselves there are certain people who just move through the world looking for people just like them and this goes to what we call the identification principle which is basically the more like somebody you are the more they like you right.

The more things you have in common the more comfortable they feel around you okay. And that often when. I when. I say this it often raises hackles on people who are are very um leaning on the woke side right.

Because because a lot of people are like we need to celebrate everybody's difference and everybody's right. To be different well guess what those people also feel more comfortable around people who have those same views. So you still have this idea of people are looking for their subgroups within a much larger group and as long as you understand this phenomena. Then you can leverage this phenomenon right.

Now. I don't care if you're. Republican. Democrat woke not woke.

I don't care what genders. I'm. I'm an influence teacher and. I.

I'm not. I don't care about ideologies what. I care about is understanding the principles that guide and direct human behavior. So that you can use them effectively.

But also to avoid being influenced by them in ways that are against your best interest okay. And that's that's what. I'm really about. So hopefully that does that land for you guys just type in the chat for me really quick.

I apologize. I keep scratching my nose because my my allergies are kicking up cool all right. And the. Last the.

Last uh category when we talk about influence techniques are our. Meta. Meta pillars of influence is what we call acquiescence in any given population let's say for example that you and. I and two other people um.

I'll use. Lotty and. I'll use a grumpy cat and. I'll use [Music] um.

Jorgen and. Colleen. So let's say. Colleen jorgan.

Grumpy. Cat and um lah and. I are all in a room and there's a 100 people in that room right. The acquiescence phenomena tell or the the acquiescence phenomena tells us that about a.

Third of that room will do whatever lahti tells them to do just because. L told them to do it the law of acquiescence or the principle of acques says that in any given room of 100 people 30% of that room will do whatever. Jorgen tells them to do just because. Jorgen told them to do it 30% of that room will tell will do whatever.

Colleen tells them to do because. Colleen told them to do it all right. But here's where it gets here's the interesting part it will be a different 30%. So the people who obey and do whatever jorgan asks will be different from the people who obey.

Colleen who are different from the people who obey. Lotty or grumpycat right. So the acquiescence principle is based on who you are and what you represent in that group. So in killer influence the killer influence system we teach you each of those pillars and how to operate individually with those pillars.

So that when you go out you say okay. I need to be author. I need to be. I need an authority frame here and you step into this this particular state that will teach you how to get into you'll start to exude this tremendous.

Authority and. Charisma right. Uh you might go into another situation and you'll gain compliance at least 30 to 60% of the room will just start to follow you because of who you are in the state you're exuding maybe you need to be more uh of a you know part of the crowd. So we'll teach you to go in and emanate an energy of authenticity and uh truthfulness and sincerity and stability and all of a sudden people will start to just like and trust you and accept you as part of their group because you emanating this state that is contagious to their nervous system let's say you go into a situation and you need some you need you need to bring the fun right.

You need to generate massive. Rockstar level. Charisma right. Well we have a a a process for generating that kind of a response in a whole room full of people right.

This is why we talk about in. State. Control. Ms we talk about the meta avatars that we're going to teach you right.

You don't have time on the webinar tonight to go into that. But those are things that are in killer influence training uh and all the derivatives are of defense against the dark arcs attraction. Mastery uh spycraft um these uh. Charisma conversion these are all this this this is such a fundamental ability to step into a charismatic.

State on demand step into an authoritative. Master and. Commander. State on demand step into.

I'm just like you state on. Demand right. We're gonna we have very specific processes for how to do that. But that's where you start right.

So the four pillars once again. Authority works everywhere doesn't rely on. Rapport attractivity the ability to generate and manage states of attraction in yourself and other people how to be either physically attractive emotionally attractive or both which is the the cou gro. So to speak.

Affinity the ability to be seen as. I'm just like you we're we're all part of the same. Club we're all believe in the same things. Kumbaya right.

That's. Affinity tactic right. Very very powerful uh and and they play a lot into. Dr chini's principles at be talking about probably.

Later on. Then you have of course the acquiescence principle which if you get any one or two of the other two pillars acquiescence just kind of shows up right. So if you have the ability and the willingness to speak your mind in a situation or circumstance you got to speak up you actually got to actually take charge and do something the people in that group a good percentage of the people in that group will just start following your lead okay. Is this helpful does this does this teach you guys anything that that um does it clarify things for you yes.

Or yes. Cool all right. Okay. So let's talk and thank you for that.

Colleen says it's a logical model. So let's talk about the model really quick the model that we're going to be sharing with you tonight is right. Here and that model is what we call the. CPI model the.

CPI model the killer influence is the core of the killer influence system and it has six basic steps to it. First one is. I we presuppose is. Step.

Zero is knowing your outcome knowing what you want to be able to achieve in this situation or circumstance. So um we're going to assume you know what you want if you don't we're going to show you how to get there. Then you're going to control your state you're going to assume whatever psych emotional state you need to be in. So that the person you're seeking to influence becomes more open to your influence we're going to teach you how to get rapport and neurological entrainment with that nervous system.

So that the person automatically feels very connected to you once you have that biological neurological circuit active we're going to teach you how to close that circuit by using very specific languaging languaging that is neuroactive languaging that causes the brain to to operate and do very predictable very very uh uh consistent things. So you can literally control a person's whole internal experience by the types of languaging that you use you're going to take all three of those uh core processes here controlling your state getting. Rapport using your language right. And you're going to use that to manage the state of that person right.

So you're going to take them from whatever state they're in to whatever state you need them to be in. So that they're um they're eager and excited to do what you want them to do. Then what we're going to do is we're going to teach you how to jump into whatever uh cognitive process they use right. These the technical term for this is meta programs or meta filters okay.

And. Then. Finally we're going to show you how to take whatever you want and bond it to their own set of needs and values in such a way that by automatically pursuing their own needs and values they're you're automatically getting your outcome it's a win-win for everybody. So if you're uh if you're at home and this is your.

First time seeing this repeat after me control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values once more control your state get. Rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond to their emotional needs and values one more time with feeling control your state get. Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process and bond to their criteria or emotional needs and values sker says.

I don't want to. MK. Ultra anyone or myself oh trust me we have trainings for that. But it's not a it's not.

MK. Ultra is a little bit different. MK. Ultra involves using uh uh substances and very aggressive brainwashing techniques we don't do that we're the good.

Jedi okay. So real quick question here um actually let's jump let me jump let me jump out of this really quickly all right. So let's talk about the most the the the master key for hacking the human nervous system okay. So at the beginning of today's webinar.

I asked you guys a question. I asked you if there was one thing that you could take away from this webinar that would make spending time and investing all worthwhile there one thing that you could come away with that you wanted what is it that you want from tonight's training what is it you want as a bypro to be able to do and have and enjoy as a byproduct of tonight's training and. I want you to go ahead and we're going to do this exercise together. I want you to tell me what that might be for you right.

You want to make more money you want to start your own business you want to get more dates what what is it that you you want to be able to do as a byproduct of the training tonight and the sub materials that we're going to be sharing with you go ahead and type that in the chat um. I'll just take a really quick look. Here let's see here um get my dream job okay. We can do that anything else can't tell me that.

Sandra is the only one. So. Wally want. Wy wants to have more influence well that's going to happen that's that's that's totally on the agenda it will happen what else you got talk to me okay.

So grumpy says to be detached and happy improve work performance. Greg okay. So. Greg when you talk about work performance uh performance means different things to different people what does that mean for you exactly now for those of you who are not.

Greg pay very close attention to the question. I'm asking him. So. Greg you're going to be my my uh my my partner for this exercise.

Greg when you say improve work performance um what kind of work do you do and what specifically do you want to improve. Liliana says help people see the value in themselves and be a true friend of them oh we can do that in. Spades. So let me see here can you help the brain to bypass obstacles in their path yes.

Uh. I'm a cop. I want to improve interpersonal communication and okay. Great fantastic.

So now. I understand when you say improve communic improve work performance use a cop okay. So this is perfect uh he wants to inter improve his interpersonal communication and with the public okay. So.

I'm curious if you were if you were to be able to have the right. Techniques to improve your communic a your interpersonal communication with the public what's important to you about that just. So. I understand you better now what.

I'm doing with. Greg by the way we're going to do is together as a group. But. I want you to see what this might look.

Like out in the field hold on a. Second. I don't know if. Greg's gonna play with us or not.

But okay. So. Kayla is also saying influence to get what you want from people okay. Okay.

Defend myself as well okay. Okay. Good uh manage interactions to produce more sex okay. So let's assume that that for a moment that if we've we've gotten you to be able to improve your overall work performance.

Greg and that you as a byproduct of that you've been able to inter improve the interpersonal. Communications uh with the public right. In a way that's important to you. I'm curious about something if you were to have that and gained the skills to do that.

So that you could manage the interactions and produce more successful outcomes by the way it's a very digital answer. I'm curious what would that do for you personally what would that allow to experience. I know there's a little bit of. Dead.

Space here. But it's it's important because. I want you guys to okay. So for example convince intoxicated people to comply with directions.

So. I don't have to arrest them when they fail to comply perfect right. So if you have that ability to actually deal with very difficult very resistant very reactant people espcially people who are intoxicated and convince them to just want to go ahead and comply with with the directions that you gave them in a way that they didn't feel the need to be arrested or they didn't force you to arrest them if you had that ability to just gently manage those interactions right. So that you could and and as a byproduct your work performance improved.

I'm curious. I'm wondering about something what's important to you about that why why is that important what's important to you about that what's that going to do for you now you can't see. Greg that's see how he just how to. I articulate that because no.

One's ever asked him that kind of a question before we've now gone from a very cognitive very rational analytical type of a uh a dissociate and now he's thinking about he's getting a little bit more into his. Fields a little bit right. And that's that's the process that you'll see when we start applying what we call the emotional bonding checklist to what we're doing is that people will go from a very superficial cognitive this is what. I want on the surface kind of a thing and they'll start to get more and more emotional the the the the answers that they give will start to be more and more thoughtful and and that's and again.

I'm not downplaying what. Greg want because if you follow this and by the way this stuff has been used every in every aspect of police work from interrogation to managing uh violent potentially violent offenders and things like it works really really well. I have a lot of police officers as students. I have a lot of lawyers as students in fact one of my colleagues.

Chase use actually uses variants of what we're doing here in his interrogations uh. So. But the the. But the the scope of that goes far beyond just those application goes into any aspect of social or personal interactions right.

So just. So. I understand you better. Greg if you had the ability uh to uh to convince intoxicated people to comply with your directions.

So you didn't have to arrest them and as a byproduct that it would improve your interactions with people or interpersonal. Communications with people. So that you you would see your work performance improving daily if you had the ability to do that and the skills to do that. I'm curious.

I'm wondering ultimately what that going to do for you what's what's important about that because they aren't bad people they're just doing bad things at the moment. I want them to move past their current state without having them to incur long-term consequences and it's obvious you genuinely care about these people that you're serving right. If you have the skill sets to do that to move them out of the bad people category into people who are just doing bad things who need to be convinced not to act out in certain ways right. If you had the ability to do that.

So that you would manage the interactions more productively and and more successfully how would that improve your overall work performance and and and how soon do you want to get started on that. I know we're taking time. But. I want you to see what this.

I'm doing this over the intern internet in real time okay. So. I want you guys to to understand this is for one it would reduce the number of arrest reports. I would have to do and yeah and.

I know how paperwork is right. I mean what if you could reduce the amount of rest reports that you had to fill out on a day-to-day basis what would that do for you. So for those of you while. Greg's answering for those of you who are watching.

So. Greg says less paperwork equals more time to interact with people positively absolutely absolutely and that's really what it's about isn't it having positive interactions with people in a way that that allows you to enjoy less paperwork right. So that you can help people to become uh better people right. Stop being bad people and and and get out of having to deal out these long-term adverse consequences that causes people to just you know suffer.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better if.

I could show you a very simple effective formula that would allow you to reach anybody in other words anybody that would the moment you started using these techniques they would just focus on you and you would they would hear and and and tap into what you're trying to communicate to them that will reach them to convince them to stop acting out and stop doing bad things. So that they wouldn't have to suffer the the long-term adverse consequences of behaving in a bad way. So that you would do less paperwork and you would find your whole life changing and your work performance improving as a byproduct of that simple formula. I'm curious.

Greg how soon would you want to learn it. Drake say you see how fast he answered that think about how long his other responses took. ASAP you just learned it okay. If you done.

Greg if you did nothing. But go back over the replay this webinar and listen to my words you would see several things a you would notice that the vast majority of the words that. I used were yours and what. I kept doing was every time.

I gave you back your words. I used them in such a way that. I could ask you to drill even deeper into the feelings and the beliefs and the values underneath it right. That's the secret right.

And this is one of the hardest ways to do this. I'm you're surrounded by people. I'm. I'm you don't know me from.

Adam and yet did you find yourself becoming emotionally engaged every time you heard my words did you find yourself paying more and more attention yes. Or yes. The um well. Greg is.

Greg says yes. Okay. So what. I've just shown you for all of you now this.

Next for great what. I've shown you is a combination of two three techniques the. First one is called the echo technique the most powerful words any human being can use at any given time are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. You don't have to change the wording in fact the more you keep the wording exact the more powerful and effective it is okay.

I'm going to go through in part three of the webinar. I'm going to show you the mechanic of how this works why it works and how you can. Target it to that the. Second thing.

I did with. Greg was. I took. The echo technique and.

I expanded the echo technique into something we call the master. Echo sequence or the master. Echo formula the echo technique is the basic idea use that person's very own words as often as you can in as close to the order and sequence as they came out of that person's mouth that's the echo technique okay. Then.

I went into the master. Echo sequence or the master. Echo formula the master. Echo formula starts with asking a question you ask a question.

I paid attention to. Greg's responses. I. I waited.

Patiently. I know it was a lot of dead time looking at my big ass forehead right. While. Greg was was was thinking about what.

I was asking typing his answers stuff like that. But. I was paying attention to. Greg that is one of the biggest glues to connection that you can have is attention attention is the currency of relationships okay.

So. I asked the question. I paid attention to his responses. I paid attention to his responses and.

Then what did. I do you'll see it you'll hear it if you go back when you watch the replay you'll see that. I validated everything he said. So.

I asked a question. I paid attention to his response and. Then when. I saw what he wrote.

I agreed with. I showed that. I was on the same page as that person that. I understood where they were coming from and.

Then what did. I do. I asked another question that's the basic. Master.

Echo formula and if you have this basic. Master. Echo formula you can you can navigate any conversation people will think you're the most fascinating interesting conversationist they've ever had and 80% of what you say is the things that just came out of of their mouth and you can steer that conversation in any direction that you want is that would that be useful to never have to think of something clever to say to be able to generate massive amounts of connection trust affinity and. Rapport in just a few minutes and to be able to steer and direct that train of thought and conversation in any direction you want at will would those things be helpful and useful while that while you're answering that.

Raphael says you thought you taught me many skills especially taking away pain which. I think should be taught in schools as a basic skill. I wonder that your thoughts are sorry if. I offend you.

I'm not sure why you would feel offended rafhael. But. I'm not offended at all. I'm very grateful for what you're doing.

Sandra says yes. Right. And that's the point right. The idea behind the the master.

Echo formula is it gives you an algorithm to follow and it's it it it effectively softens and amplifies and creates very very powerful very very deep level connections it's just a tiny little formula that you follow. But it eliminates. So much um. So much ambiguity it eliminates the guesswork that needs to go into to good powerful conversations it's really one of the most useful things right.

I didn't the what became known as the echo technique in. Planet. David. I learned from a man in.

Cameron. Cleveland many many years ago the master. Echo formula is my sequence of of how to make that even more use ful. So.

I said there were three things that. I did with. Greg. I used the echo technique.

I used the ma m. Master. Echo formula and. Then.

I went into what is commonly referred to as the emotional bonding checklist let me that two more times the emotional bonding checklist okay. And. So. I started with what what is it what is it that you want.

Then. I asked well. I'm curious what's important about that and when he and when there was any kind of an ambiguity. I said well.

X means different things to different people. So how do. I know. So what does performance work performance actually mean to you and he gave me a much more concrete understanding of how he wanted to improve his work performance right.

And. Then. I and what did. I do.

I used the master. Echo formula again. I echoed his words. I valid.

I paid attention or asked a question. I paid attention. I validated his response. I echoed his words.

I asked another question and. I spiraled through that entire conversation and when. I had enough information. I wo those things together now.

I pattern weaving would be the fourth technique pattern weaving is where we take every all the information they've given you we use the hypnotic language patterns that we teach and we create a narrative a story if you will that welds what you want to what we offer and it puts you in an imaginary situation that is 100% match to what you emotionally want. So we give you the experience of having it okay. So you those are the things that again those are the from a metal level those are the four things that. I did when.

I was working with. Greg the. First three we're going to cover we don't have time to do pattern weaving in in tonight's webinar. But are you guys are you guys tracking me.

So far are you are you are you guys okay. With what we're doing okay. So would you guys like to experience this personally yes. Or yes.

As they say okay. So to do this you're going to need um. I left my tablet in the car. But we'll use we'll use my notebook.

You're going to need a piece of paper okay. Now there was something when when you signed up for tonight's webinar there was something that you wanted there was some outcome you wanted to achieve aieve as a byproduct of the training that we're giving you and the courses that these techniques come from right. I want you to write that on a piece of paper exactly what you want to be able to have and enjoy as a byproduct of tonight's training okay. Just take a moment write it down type done in the chat when you've done that okay.

Type done when you got it cool all right. So underneath like. So like for some people want a six-figure job right. Some people want um to have better relationships whatever.

So let's assume now that you've got that. I've given you the tool the technique that you can now have that what is that going to do for you. So for example. Greg improves his work performance.

So he can convince people to to not act out and be and and endure the consequences of their behavior. So he could fill out less uh paperwork right. So let's say that you have the technique that gets you this outcome what's important about that what's that going to do for you okay. What's it going to do for you.

I want you to write that on the paper below okay. I'm gonna go ahead and share my screen here this is called the emotional bonding checklist uh hold on a. Second see if that's the right. One.

I don't think that's the right. One one. Second all my windows are overlapping. So.

I can't really find the page. I'm looking for okay. So the question is now you you've gotten what you want now what's important about that answer that question what's. So if you got a what's important about that what's that going to do for you write that.

So. I'm gonna show you. I'm. G to try and.

I'm trying to find my screen. I'm. So used to these big uh having a big screen to play with. I apologize it's the entire screen why is this not showing up all right.

We'll try this can you the screen here just make this bigger can you guys see that okay. Okay. So the process is very simple you you type in what you want you ask what's important about the product service blah blah blah you write your answer if there's any ambiguity how are you going to know when you've got it how are you going to know when it's the right. Thing for you right.

Emotional motivation checklist here we go sorry. So here we go. So you guys can take a screenshot of this if you want this is the this is basically the template that. I use with.

Greg. So under the answer to your. Second question what's important about. So let's say that um you know.

I want a sixf figureure business right. Six figure. Biz all right. Let's say.

I get the six figureure. Biz what's that going to do for me well it's going to. Give. Me.

Freedom oh. So if you had that freedom what would that do for you. I could go wherever. I want and if you could go wherever you want what would that do for you.

I'd be happy right. So. I might say something. So if you were to.

So as a byproduct of today's training if. I were to show you ways that you could actually use these. P these these abilities to generate an amazing sixf fig income. So that you could enjoy the freedom that you truly want which will allow you to go where you want do what you want uh wherever you want.

So you could be happy. I'm curious. I'm wondering how soon would you want to get started on something like that right. So.

I gave you very simplistic answers your answers. May a little bit more complicated. But remember there's an. ABC.

D. So ultimately if you were to have the time and the freedom and the money to go and do the things you want to do ultimately what's that going to do for you right. And. Then all.

I'm going to do from that moment on is. I'm going to weave a pattern that allows people to experience that. So when you've gotten all three of your questions answered just type done in the chat nanc says done done done done okay. Good.

So you got you got a b c and d i want you to close your eyes. For me and as. I continue to talk when every time my here to something you want. I want you to inject one of your answers into my narrative.

So that it sounds like. I'm talking directly to you as you begin to move through the training tonight you go through each stage of the process you're naturally going to find yourself getting more of the thing you just said you wanted and as you explore and enjoy the the freedom and the love and the security of being able to go and do whatever it is that you chose that you wanted to do from tonight's webinar you'll begin to experience new and exciting ways that your life begins to open up and change and as that begins to become more important to you as you get the deeper level things that you've tapped into the things that are written on that sheet right. In front of you that ultimately allow you to experience the state the process or the experience that you have written that you know is most important that is most emotionally relevant and desirable for you when you think about what it's like to have and be and experience and do all those things and exactly the way you've written them out for all the right. Reasons your reasons.

I'm curious. I'm wondering how soon do you want to get started on this and type your answer in the chat. Nancy says yesterday. Sandra says now all right.

So soon as possible. Right. So what did. I do here.

I had you through the power of my language. I had you reference your own emotional needs and. I just walked you through going down the list and putting you in situations and circumstances that are exactly what you wanted in exactly the way that you needed them to happen now that's a very high level of linguistic. Wizardry.

But that that high level is based on the fundamentals. I'm teaching you tonight how many of you would like to be able to now how many of you can can can feel a very distinct difference between before you did the writing and now what would you say happened to your emotions and your desires between the time you wrote them down and this question that. I'm just asking you what happened would you say your desires went up or down did you get more emotionally excited or less positive upswing right. This is the power that you're going to begin to have with people everywhere you go people will experience these kinds of feelings with you as a byproduct of the training you're getting tonight and the the courses that we've finded out for you would you guys like to be able to do this with everybody yes.

Or yes. Okay. So that being said. I've put together a program for you guys that.

I think is really cool it's never been done like this before this is a completely unique program or set of programs with your permission. I'd like to show you the full give you access to the full system. So that you guys can go uh and take your lives to the. Next level would that be okay.

All right. So that being said let's talk about weapons of social seduction psychology of human influence and charismatic communication home study course hold on a. Second. I'm being paged e.

I apologize we're having a little bit of a technical difficulty guys. So just give me a minute what up. I don't see this e e okay. Guys.

I apologized sh apparently when. I was in my in my. Zeal to uh get the webinar done tonight. I transferred myself the wrong copy.

So. I'm going to go ahead and start off with um where. I left off. So with your permission.

I'd like to pick up where. I left off and talk about the secrets of human influence weapons of social seduction psychology of human influence and charismatic communic ation home study course now this is a program um that. I've been honing and developing for a very long time this is a brand new repackaging of many of the courses that we put in our persuasion and influence systems this is a course that's going to systematically teach you the exact skills you need to add more money to your bottom line to close more deals to get more dates help more people feel more confident uh and really become a more powerful version of yourself if winning the game of life is important to you even if you don't think of it as a game which by the way uh if you think of it as a game you'll tend to do better than if you don't it's pretty interesting uh and as a byproduct of this you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible.

So here's what. I put together for you now this offer is good until 1159 p.m. tonight and it's a really amazing opportunity for you. So by all means uh if this is if you've said yes. To anything we've done tonight.

Then uh by all means grab a grab a hold of one of these when it becomes available. So here's what you're going to get there's 17 video set that comes along it teaches you the ultimate hypnotic and charismatic. Communication. System it's going to teach you how to systematically think like a master of influence how to use the i1.

I2. I3 categories to really figure out who you are as a person what your values are what your what. Your attributes are how to become very very outcome oriented in your communication and put all these things together into a version of yourself that is your expert influencer it's going to cut through a lot of the the ambig ities and the confusion. So that you can move through the world being very very outcome driven it's a $297 value uh.

But it's part of this project okay. And we're also going to teach you how to control your psycho emotional state. So no. One else can this is the.

Jedi. Level. Training as far as. I'm concerned this is the one that time and time and time again uh the ability to go into and out of any psychoemotional state at will.

On. Demand is the glue that makes everything else work uh. Greg's uh probably one of the best people to talk to he's as a police officer he knows better than anyone that the ability to manage and control your. States is the secret to being able to control and manage the states of others right.

Uh it's really really powerful. But the best part about the psycho emotional state training is that you'll be able to connect with people who are. So diverse and different from you uh it'll blow your mind you'll be able to take the feelings in the states that you generate and literally bridge that into another person's system and have them thinking and feeling the way you want them to. But even that you you'll be understand yourself far better than you've ever been able to understand yourself you're you know your own emotional hot buttons you'll know what emotions you do well what emotions you don't do well and perhaps the best part of all of that is that no.

One will ever be able to push your buttons for very long against your will ever again. I mean ever again doesn't mean you won't get taken by surprise from time to time. But what it does mean is that you'll be able to recover your equilibrium faster and operate more effectively. So that you can get your outcomes in any situation or circumstance that's a $297 value it's just one of many modules in this unique course um we're also going to teach you.

Power report skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere now. I love our report training uh. I. I fully believe and and again.

I'm arguably biased we do the we have the best report training on the. Planet because most people who are coming from an. NLP training they're going to teach you how to match and mirror a person's physiology how to stand the way they stand breathe the way they breathe and that will get you connection. But it won't always get you the states you're looking for.

So one of the problems that you have is a lot of my students are very very interested in attraction and relationship and dating applications they're therapists and. So a lot of times that the classical. NLP report was good for therapy. But it's not good for building a relationship.

So there's a very specific type of. Rapport that you need to be able to embody and emanate to create attraction we'll teach you step by step how to do that there's another level of report we call kinesthetic or coherent. Rapport if you've ever heard of heart math um and the ability of of your heartbreak to synchronize with another human beings that's the level of of um. Rapport that we're dealing with where we syn the two nervous systems together like a.

Bluetooth and you'll be able to do that and actually test it okay. It's very very powerful uh we're going to teach you the seven most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns patterns that are. So pervasive and and and control the way human beings think that you can't create a thought without using them you can't speak without using them and your brain will not will automatically conform to whatever structure people use when you use them on you. So imagine this for a moment look.

At your outcomes in other words when when. I asked at the during the uh part one of tonight's training. I asked you what's what do you want to get from tonight's training right. As you think about the things on your list how fast could you get those things if if you could make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener how could that make getting the things you want more easy for you what if you could make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners or your readers.

So much. So that you could take any two things things link them together using this languaging and they would just assume that's what it's supposed to be right. What if you could force a person to pay such close attention to the exact things you want them to pay attention to that they ignored everything else those are just parts of what these irresistible hypnotic language patterns will do and what's really fascinating about these language patterns is they make the the process of influence a it's a lot more fun uh. But.

B people just automatically follow what you say it's really really powerful. So again if you have any ethical quandaries or any ethical gray areas you might not want to buy this course right. Um. But these are patterns that are out there in the world they're being used at you they're directed at you constantly and unless you're aware of them uh you can fall prey to them.

So um. I'm teaching you how to use these things in powerful ethical and honest ways. So that you can get what you want that's most important to you. But even more importantly.

I'm teaching these to you. So you can protect yourself from when the and you'll be able to detect them when they're actually being used on you. Then we're going to teach you how to manage the emotional states of other people remember at the beginning of the webinar. I said that all human motivation is either towards or away from you're either moving towards something that makes you feel good or away from something that makes you feel bad in.

NLP we have this this concept called present. State desired. State now human beings will do just about anything you want want them to do if you can generate the right. Feeling.

States in their body we're going to teach you using your language using your state control using your. Advanced. Rapport skills we're going to teach you how to move them from the state they're in to the state you need them to be in. So they'll happily and joyfully thankfully do exactly what you want them to do and be grateful to you for it that's what's cool about the killer influence system we don't call it killer because of like murder we call killer as in it's really cool it's a lot of fun it's easy right.

That's why we call it killer influence um we're going to teach you how to hijack someone's internal. Behavior code in other words how how do they process data are they are they analytical are they emotional are they practical do they see something and. Then hear something and. Then they do they feel something and.

Then they act right. How do they convince themselves of doing something we'll show you how to spot those processes and people fit them to your communication. So that when you communicate the exact structure of what you're saying goes right. To their emotional needs and exactly the way that is the easiest and most pleasurable way for them to think and feel about what you want them to think and feel about that's what hijacking someone's internal.

Behavior code will do it will make things very very easy for them and their behaviors become very very predictable once again um lot of potential here both on the on the. Jedi side and the. Sith side and you need to know how to do both okay. And.

Finally what if you could emotionally. Bond a person's needs to whatever product service or yourself that you want. So much. So that by them selfishly pursuing the things they want you automatically get what you want would that be something that would change your life in any way.

So that people would be. So happy uh that you gave them the opportunity to get what they really need and you got what you needed in the process would that be would that be helpful would that be something that makes a lot of difference you. So. Kayla is saying if you if you had a partner with harmful people pleasing.

Tendencies lead their attention away from the person they talking to about yes. You could do that very very easily. So. Colleen says for me you are discussing a more.

Abundant. Life that can. Encompass more people and improve life for everyone we know 100% 100% again. I'm.

I'm gonna be very upfront with you um these skills have literally allowed me to write my own ticket in this life and they still do to this day when you apply them in your life your life is going to change. So if you're not ready for change don't get this program. But if you're ready for change what would now be a good time to start reaching out and getting uh getting access to this we're going to also include the killer influence mind control. Manifesto which is a 200 plus page manual that teaches everything about.

Dr. Robert shalini's uh five secrets of uh social hypnotics operators we're going to talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence we're going to talk about the six-stage universal persuasion protocol we're going to talk about. Power report skills we're going to talk about um proxemic hypnotic operators this is things that you can do with spatial relationships in your environment that allow people to that allow you to psychologically position yourself uh positively in a person's brain like just standing to their right. Or left side will change how they think of you where you sit at a table will cause you to be seen as more authoritative or less authoritative depending on which seat you choose um how to catch lies how to profile people's behaviors and create a profile in as little as 90 seconds these are all extra um extra appendices in the manual um it's again and you get access we'll talk about this a.

Later get access to the online community with 210 active members actually more than that uh total value in this is $2,497 uh. But we're not done there this is the core training guys this is the psychological uh human influence charismatic communication package and what we've got is the. Next few courses that we're going to talk to you about are absolutely gamechanging and some of them have never been offered in a webinar to the general public ever okay. So if you grab your course right.

Now we're going to include these special bonuses spycraft how many of you guys have ever heard of a guy named. Chase. Hughes right. Chase is a good friend of mine and back in 2019 we actually teamed up and did an actual training we went and taught a 4-day class uh where he took.

Material from his world. I took. Material from my world and we showed you how they work together. So how many of you would like to learn the top secret behavioral influence methods used by spies.

CIA recruiters and some of the most outrageous seduction. Masters on the planet how many of you would like to command instant trust and. Authority with techniques that make anyone you meet like love and trust you what if you could decode human behavior on the spot detect lies detection attraction. Master irresistible persuasion skills and discover uh and unlock.

CIA level people reading skills radiate. Authority and. Charisma instantly wherever you go break barriers in communication and persuasion you'll stop hearing no. And start achieving yeses more and more and more we'll teach you all the different ways that the military has learned to hack and influence the brain with science.

Who blinded me with science science sorry. I had a had an 80s moment there. I'll teach you how to eliminate objections effortlessly and attract people with hypnotic. Precision this was a one-time class that chase and.

I taught and you'll see we we both have very very different uh teaching and training. Styles um and he goes through some of the most powerful confidence and. Authority building uh practices on the planet it's a $1,997 value if you were try to buy it on the website we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value on this is $4,495 if you register for the. SEC the psychology of human influence package charismatic.

Communications special edition we're also going to include the. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief um in seconds hold on a. Second let me give you the link here you go normally. I'd wait.

But. I'll since you guys are asking for it. I'll give it to you all right. So let me.

So let me ask you a question or on the subject if you had what if for every argument limiting belief or um excuse somebody gave you some kind of manipulative uh attack you had at least 14 11 to 14 different ways to turn that thing around and rebound it back on that person would that be something that would would would give you a little bit more peace of mind. Clarity uh and. So forth yes. Or yes.

Because that's exactly what. Renegade free framing is designed to let you do okay. It's it's based on the concept from. NLP called slight of mouth which is the ability to change any belief or overcome any any objection or win any argument in just a few seconds uh it's extraordinarily powerful.

I've you can use this on your own limiting beliefs to change the way you think and expand your map of what's possible for you you can use this to write very powerful and effective sales copy that makes that neutralizes people's objections before they even have a chance to voice them and. So. So much more this is an amazingly cool course. I love it uh.

But it does presuppose that you have. CPI training or killer influence training. First. So.

I would recommend uh doing this particular program after you've really internalized the killer influence secrets and psychology of human influence training program total value on this is $1,997 we're going to give this to you absolutely free as an extension and an expansion in fact one of the things that um you'll hear. Chase talk about in spycraft is this kind this idea of positive. Association and negative dissociation you can use the techniques and. Renegade reframing to create very very powerful identity.

States oh. Rhino. God is asking how can you neutralize your objections before they object it's very simple really you think of them ahead of time and you answer them in your sales copy right. This is where profiling comes in right.

Um and this copywriters do this all the time. So this gives this makes it a little bit more mechanical a little bit more concrete for you we're also going to include a special program called. Weapons of. Mass instruction this is easily one of the most advanced persuasion.

Tech um persuasion courses that we sell because it's all about the science of hypnotic storytelling and the. Neuroscience of narrative persuasion. So what some of the things that this class will do for you um. First and foremost it'll it'll teach you using the power of story to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere uh without them knowing it one of the the fascinating things about stories is they automatically induce trans just hinting that you're about to tell a story will cause people to begin to go into trance and their neurology and their brain will start to entrain with your own and the best part is is that storytelling is never perceived as a method of influence they people when you start telling stories people just think you're telling a story they don't think of you as trying to convince them or or or change their brain in some way it's really really powerful one of the most powerful things about story is its ability to effortlessly overcome any resistance even if it's even if it's something that is completely you're completely opposed to it will start to soften uh the technical term is counter attitudinal judgments based on the.

Neuroscience um. But it will automatically cause even the most skeptical. Minds to begin to align with the message in your story it's really really powerful you throw some reframes in there some pattern weaving some. B some emotional bonding and all of a sudden people are asking you to do the very thing they said they didn't want to do period it'll allow you to in a benevolent and loving way seduce your audiences to your way of thinking stories change mind mind in the background that's what's cool is all the things that cause people to change are hidden in the background of the story.

So you'll be able to automatically. Inspire trust and loyalty and agreement in record time. Brad says be careful of. David's pen story yes.

In fact one of the things that. I teach um in uh some of my energy classes is how story and. Magic work together that's what. Prasad is talking about right.

Um and again for those of you who have a strong interest in the woo storytelling is actually one of the pillars of real manifestation in. Magic um that's all. I'm going to say because this is an influence webinar if you want to know about that other woooo stuff get in the get come to the trainings and. I'll teach you you'll allow storytelling allows you to really quickly and easily reprogram the subconscious minds of other people and embed your ideas and.

Thoughts with without resistance okay. You'll be able to. Captivate large groups of people on command and hypnotize entire audiences and and have them frenzy to the back of the room with ease um we'll just teach you how to remove blocks to success instantly how to command more money love and opportunities did you guys know that in many. Fortune 500 companies there's actually a position called corporate.

Storyteller and their job is to use the power of story to inspire motivate lead and create very very powerful um what's the word on motivational interviewing types of scenarios uh this program is is again this is not for the faint of heart this is for the serious student of persuasion only right. Uh and there is a little bit of a homework in here. So. I would recommend that when you get your course start with the p uh psychology of human influence move through spycraft and.

Renegade reframing finish up with this one because this one is deep okay. So um yeah. So the total value on this is $1,997 we're going to give this to you absolutely free as a product of or a byproduct of tonight's webinar training to total value on this is 8,488. So let's just review what we've got for you you've got the weapons of social seduction psychology of human influence charismatic communication home study package that includes the 17 video killer influence mind control manual and.

Universal persuasion protocol training you're going to get spycraft behavioral engineering hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets valued at $1,997 you're going to get the. Renegade reframing uh home study course. Val at $1,997 how to overcome any objection and turn and win any argument in seconds change any belief during normal conversations is really powerful it's one of my favorite courses.

I'll be honest with you it's a $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Finally the coup d' gr you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction hypnotic storytelling secrets and the science of narrative. Neuroscience our. Neuroscience of narrative persuasion $1,997 value total combined value on this is $848 if you were to try to buy them individually on the website which some of them you can't actually.

So the best news is it's the holidays you know we're coming up towards the end of the year and uh we've never offered this particular product set of packages before. So we're not going to we're not make you pay 8,488 we drop 2,000 off that would that be a good price. But we're not even going to do that okay. Fact we're going to just drop it right.

Down guys we're going to get cut to the chase you can get it all for one low onetime installment of just 9.97 and if you need to you can break that up into three easy. Investments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www. killer influence.com slgo w ww. killer influence.com slgo one. Second here get these in the chat now for those of you who have questions uh. Moss is standing by to take your calls.

M is standing by with your emails. I do ask that um if you're gonna if you're. G to call for for questions or information um if the line gets busy please please please leave your contact information because if you don't leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow you won't qualify for any of these awesome bonuses okay. Go to www. killer influence.com go click that link right.

Now. So you can reserve your spot because for those of you who click that link right. Now you got a 60 days to try it out if try this psychology of human influence package for a full 60 days if the at the end of those 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money getting more dates closing more deals if you're not feeling more secure and confident and. Powerful if you don't understand yourself and other human beings better if you're not creating the kind of connections and chemistry with the people who matter in your life if you're not satisfied in any way shape or form.

I'll refund every. D every dime that you've invested in this program because if it doesn't work for you. I don't want your investment it's that simple. But.

I'm here to tell you. I'm here to tell you. First and foremost that this program will work for you it is. I've actually under promoted this the the the potential of this program for you.

So try it for a full 60 days and if on day 59 you're not getting you're not fast tracking and getting the life you want if you're not seeing positive. Returns on your investment pick up the phone give. Moss a call send me an email we'll refund every dime and you can keep whatever courses you've downloaded as my way of saying thank you for giving us a try. But.

I do ask that when you when you get your course uh and you have a sticking point pick up the phone send us an email em we're here to support you we're here to help you you're not alone in this it's our job we don't we don't do well if you can't get what you want we do well by you doing well. So this 60 days is for you we're here to help. So go ahead and click that link right. Now you got nothing to risk and everything to gain go to www. killer influence.com slgo um if you see something in the package that you already have if you can find something in our catalog of equal or lesser value we'll let you sub that out okay.

I'm just saying that out loud okay. So if that was if this package wasn't amazing enough if you grab your course before. December 12 2024 11:59 p.m that's tonight by the way folks we're going to include these special fast action bonuses we're going to include our special three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program and video archive this is a program that we've been running since. October of 2010 where we get together on the. Third. Saturday of every month from 11 to 4m.

Pacific and. I literally go around the room. I find out what it is you want to know most about. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the.

Next four to six hours we drill you on those exact skills. So you can do them in your sleep now you won't get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you will get is something much much much much more important and much much more powerful a you're going to get me you're going to get the support of moths in my inner circle of the highest level persuasion trainers on the planet all gathering around to have fun doing the same things you want to do you're going to get to interact with me in the group setting you're going to get to work one-on-one with people who are just like you who are interested in the same things you are and get better and get real world feedback.

So that when you drop off that when you drop out of that program or when you leave that program that day you have a higher than you ever thought you could because you have the support and the opportunity to practice our job is to make you better our job is to help you become the person that you truly want to be using the skills of human influence and persuasion and that's what the. Mastermind program is designed to do it's the longest running skill buing. Practice. Group in the world we've been running non-stop since.

October 10th uh 2010 actually. October 18 2010 and we videotaped every single one of these sessions and as a uh. Bonafide member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you're going to get unlimited access to the entire 11 plus year archive it's actually 13 years. I think thing and you you'll get access to everything we do stuff that's never seen the light of day on. YouTube it's never been featured in a product everything on conversational hypnosis neurolinguistic programming vibrational and energy healing energy psychology behavioral profiling body language dating attraction uh. Advanced forms of therapy trauma resolution uh.

Law of. Attraction and manifestation practices remote influence remote viewing skills all of these things are taught every month in one form or another through the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and you get to come in and participate if you're in the.

South if you're in the. Southern. California area many times you get to come in person. But you can always come in virtually and we go around and we get together on the.

Third. Saturday of every month and we just drill skill and. Then we go out into the world and you apply those skills and you get the real world results you came to. Planet.

David to get in the. First place you can binge watch the 11-year archive 13-year archive to your heart's content it's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free why because we want you to be better we want you to know you're not alone that we got you okay. Total combined value on this is now click that link right. Now we're also going to include as a fast action bonus the.

SE the. Strategic human uh strategic um stealth instant conversation no. Crash had a brain fart there it's a strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically triggered hypnosis it's the instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a course that.

I created several years ago that was designed for people who don't want to spend five days learning how to do conversational hypnosis you literally watch two videos do a few pages in a workbook. And you're out there hypnotizing people instantly effortlessly and automatically both directly through overt instant and. Rapid inductions. But also through conversational hypnosis it comes with transcripts it comes with workbooks it comes with uh downloadable.

MP3 audios it comes with a ton of bonus videos on everything from hypnotic hot buttons to anchoring and action to lie detection. I believe some of the versions of this actually have a small version of hidden. Laws of. Attraction in them too.

So we're going to give this to you as a free bonus it's our way of saying thank you for taking charge of your life being a fast action uh fast actor as we like to say it's a $997 value we're going to give it to free total value on this is $1,082. But we're not done yet for the. Next 21 people who registered today we're going to give you a very special. VIP ticket to killer influence 2024 sorry or 20125 5-day uh conversation hypnosis and cver hypnosis certification boot camps going to be here in.

San. Diego. January 21st to the 25th it's a $3,150 value and during this live event you're going to learn the secrets of and how to master. Rock.

Solid. State. Control that'll have you influencing emotions and reshaping perceptions on command any time anywhere under any situation or circumstance we're going to teach you how to build the neurological connections that make people want to respond to you instinctively and automatically we're going to teach you how to generate such powerful um permanent emotional bonds with people that they just feel compelled to do what you want them to do because they like you. So much we're going to teach you the six the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence authority authority attractivity.

Affinity acquiescence how a cold read and profile anyone. So that you can instantly decode personalities and influence them for maximum compliance we're going to give you the secrets of social hypnosis how to use the chalini principles. Authority scarcity reciprocity uh liking commitment and consistency how this we're going to teach you how societies and marketers use these on you to get you to do what they want you to do in a very predictable consistent way how you can can inoculate yourself against them and actually use them in your own business to make yourself and your clients more successful. I'm going to teach you the secrets of proximate hypnotic operators how to use the spatial psychology um that dominates spatial interactions.

So that you can psychologically imprint yourself positively in the minds of everyone you meet how to decode a person's meta programs. So that you can instantly fit your communication to the mold they most need how to tap into uh language techniques that. Captivate and motivate. I'm going to teach you about the the amazing three magic questions protocol that causes you to go from complete stranger to like trust and connection bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes we're going to teach you the as the.

Art and. Science of subliminal verbal communication and how to bind people's thoughts to your exact uh outcomes and. So much more there's. So much that we're going to teach you that you're going to come out of this this training embodying and all you need to do is uh total value on this is $1 4,232 all you need to do is be one of the.

Next 21 people to click that link in your chat right. There go to www. killer influence.com uhgo and you will qualify for one of these. VIP super tickets now the nice thing about our. VIP tickets is that uh you're not required to use it for the killer influence 2025 training if you've already had killer influence and you'd like to use that ticket for something else as long as the tickets of equal or lesser value will happily let you swap that out if uh you've been to killer influence um.

But you have a friend who would like to go you can gift that ticket to them and they can come for you uh if something happens at the. Last minute where you were planning on coming to. San. Diego or attending virtually and all of a sudden you can't all you do is pick up the phone let.

Moss or. Mia know we'll move you to another training let's say that for some reason the scheduling doesn't work out you you you're not planning on coming to the event and all of a sudden your schedule frees up at the. Last minute now you can come. But the trainings fold sold out which happens actually if you have one of these.

VIP tickets we'll make a seat for you we'll find you a seat right. Let's say between now and the. Next time we do this training the price goes up well if you're a. VIP ticket holder you don't never have to worry about the price you get in for free no.

Matter if it's $110,000 you'll still get in right. That's our gift to you for being one of the fast actors okay. But it's only good for the. Next 21 people who clicked that link okay.

Go ahead and do that. So let's just recap what we've got for you okay. You've got the secrets of uh human influence psychological secrets of psychology human influence home study course di had a 20 $497 you've got spycraft behavioral engineering and hypnotic influence and profiling. Secrets valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing home study course valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get weapons of mass instruction $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program valued at $1,597 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hynosis crash course. I at 997 we're going to give that to you free and of course you're going to get the uh.

VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis 5day certification boot camp here in. San. Diego.

January 21st through the 25th 2025 the total package value on this guys is 14,23 to you can get the entire package for one low installment today of just $99.97 and if you need to take a little time all you need to do is break that up into three easy installments of just 397 to get yours all you got to do is go to www. killer influence. go www. killer influence. go go ahead and grab that okay. So here's what's gonna happen we're gonna take a six minute break all go we'll go eight minutes seven minutes we're going to take a seven minute break. So you guys can click those links get what you want and uh if you have any questions stuff like that uh and. Then we're going to come back we're going to pick up with part three and we're going to get into customizing your influence customizing your charismatic communication to the exact applications you as a group want to focus on.

So go ahead and click those links make sure that you uh if you have questions you call or email. Moss make sure if you're. G to call guys make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information we will get back to you within 24 hours and you will qualify for any of the bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and we follow up you follow up with us tomorrow you will not qualify for any of the fast action bonuses now one other thing these fast action bonuses are only good the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversation nosis crash course the killer influence. VIP super ticket those are only available as long as. I am live here on the webinar when. I log off the webinar the fast action bonuses go away we said that two more times when.

I log off the webinar the fast action bonuses go away remember this has a 60-day money back guarantee. So if you you nothing to risk click that link reserve your package work it for 60 days show up the live training and if it's after 60 days um you're not happy. Then we'll refund the money. But in the interim go ahead and click that link.

So you don't lose your chance you don't lose your seat okay. We'll come back at 60 uh 608 and we will pick up with part three of tonight's webinar. So go ahead and click those links right. Now killer influence.com slgo um and.

I'll see you very very soon e e e e e e e okay. Guys we got about two or three minutes till the break is over. So if you guys have any questions you can type them in the chat. I'm happy to answer those.

Then we'll get back to part three of tonight's webinar which is all about customization by the way if you know anybody who you think might benefit from this training please like and share the video of of this presentation pass it on there let people that people know what what kind of good things we've got coming up. Second nobody's got a question you guys are smart that was what my my karate teacher always used to say at the end of every class go you guys got any questions huh nobody you guys must be smart okay. All right. So let's go ahead and jump into part three of tonight's webinar.

So quick question guys and gals obviously what uh what do you guys want to know about tonight what what what what do you want to focus well. I did tell you. I was going to teach you guys about the echo technique the. Master.

Echo formula and we talked about. Criterion values and bonding right. So what is it you guys want to know most about what application this is the interactive portion of tonight's webinar folks we got in trance or what. So.

Elena is saying question knowing you are amazing and can do a lot of good in the world how can you sleep at night well. I like to think. I sleep well when. I sleep um.

I don't sleep as much as as some people. But. I do spend a ridiculous amount of time doing meditation and that kind of compensates for my lack of sleep right. That's a that's a completely different side of.

David today we're going to be more pragmatic and a little bit more um concrete. I guess is a good word to say all right. So what do you guys want to know about. Next we can talk about we can talk more about the echo formula.

Master. Echo formula we can talk about removing resistance to persuasion we can talk about um. Unstoppable hypnotic languaging we can talk about uh reframing if that's what you want. I mean where what tonight this is part three of the webinar is where we customize the content to the exact applications that you want to focus in on now.

I'm always happy to make an arbitrary decision. But. I'm giving you guys a chance to to type in the chat what you guys want to know most about right. Because this is again it's your webinar.

So you tell me okay. So. Isaac says how can you build rapport with someone who doesn't like you excellent uh. Ed says reframing un stable hypnotic language okay.

I got two for removing resistance what else we got come on there's more of you out there than that guys you guys must all be in trance all right. So let's talk about um okay. Mario is asking me to develop passive income streams. I've never seen a passive income stream yet none of them are passive can you build rapport to seduce multiple people at once the answer is yes.

And no. What you can do is you can become you can build a. Persona that is. So universally appealing or and when to say universally within the context of what's defined as attractive in that environment you can develop a.

Persona or an avatar that is. So compelling that a vast majority of people will be responsive to it uh. But the seductive part of it that needs to be a little bit more interactive right. Now don't get me wrong there's a lot cult leaders out there who are doing really kind of crazy stuff.

But that's usually way outside the skill set of the average human being is it possible yes. Is it easy to do no. Um. But becoming becoming contextually emotionally and physically appealing to a group or a subgroup of people that's actually very very doable very very doable um how to be.

Absol focused on studying these materials. Mara that's a great question and it's a question that. I answer uh quite often in the very. First day of killer influence training you see like.

I said at the beginning of today's webinar the scope of persuasion and influence is is this is everything there is to know even here we have time for this much. So the fastest way to learn none of this information is to try to learn all of it. So here's a secret that. I learned from.

Bruce. Lee many many years ago not not directly. I mean. I.

I never met. Bruce. But my teachers did my teachers all knew. Bruce uh.

But what. Bruce would say was make your strengths. Unstoppable and your weaknesses irrelevant. So what does that mean for us it means as you're going through the killer influence material or the the psychology of human influence material as you're going through the spycraft material as you're going through the.

Renegade reframing material as you're going through the weapons of mass instruction material only focus on the things that are fun have a high coolness factor and come easy for you let me let me let me repeat that that are fun come easy and have a high coolness factor and simple why those four things because if it's not easy you won't do it if it's too complicated you won't do it if it's not fun you won't do it right. So the secret is find out what comes. Next naturally to you remember remember that we talked about killer influence. I3 identity intelligence influence what comes easy for you are you somebody who has are you very tall for example tall people are always have an advantage in the authority category than short people okay.

Are you attractive. Attractive people always have more advantages is in most social situations than unattractive people do you have a deep resonant voice people with deep resonant voices are automatically considered sexier more authoritative and are selected more for leadership positions um primarily in the dating context right. The actual study was women with deep men with deep resonant voices were selected more often than not for one night. Dance.

I'm just putting that out there. But again you have to take an inventory of what you bring to the to the to the influence to the interaction right. Am. I am.

I overweight well there may be certain places where being overweight is a benefit there may be a lot of places where it's not courtrooms being one of them um. I don't know if the stats have changed. But um back when. I was really studying persuasion hardcore uh.

I read came across a study that said uh if you were overweight if you like an attorney in class and you were overweight you were automatically judged more negatively you would lose more cases. So you have to understand that. I'm not talking to you. I'm not here to teach you about the way the world should be right.

It shouldn't be true that attractive people get more stuff it shouldn't be true that taller people are automatically given more. Authority and compliance it shouldn't be true that um the more like somebody you are the more they like you right. And that people will select for that over something else it shouldn't be this way. But it is this way right.

And until you are willing to deal with the world the way it's working you can't make it what you want it to be. So when it comes to persuasion and influence and getting skills you have to be brutally honest with yourself and you have to look. At the the whole buff and cherry-pick the things that are easiest for you. So that you have and fun for you that give you the biggest return on your investment because you're more likely to actually go out and do them and when you go out and do them you'll get the you'll see the response and the result and that will create a feedback loop for you that will make you want to keep doing it and after a certain amount of repetitions it'll just be like breathing and.

Then you'll go and you'll grab another thing off your buffet and you'll work that into your personal system that's the fastest most non-nonsense way to become a expert at these skills in the shortest amount of time possible fastest way to learn none of it try to learn all of it this is one of the reasons why people who go through. NLP training come out after five six seven eight days can't do anything they've learned. So much information that they can't process and use it out in the real world there's too much and uh a bias of the training is it makes it very very clunky in real world applications and. I love.

NLP by the way. I. I absolutely love it uh. So the there's two there's two ways to keep people stuck don't give them enough information or way too much okay.

That's it. So the way you navigate that is by finding the things that come easy for you that give you the biggest return on your investment and keep doing them until they're. Second nature. Then go out another piece and bring it in okay.

So let's talk about the master. Echo formula and. Then what. I want to do once we talk about the master.

Echo formula. I want to talk a little bit about one of my favorite conversational. Frameworks this is called three magic questions protocol and three magic questions protocol is a really really powerful way to break the ice in any situation or circumstance it allows you to build very powerful. Rapport.

Bridges with people it can open them up. So that they're much more willing to share and volunteer information uh and it be gets and it becomes uh progressively harder and harder and harder for a person to lie to you uh when you're using this three magic questions protocol. But to teach you the three magic questions protocol. I.

First have to review the echo technique and. I have to review the master. Echo formula we have to talk about another concept of languaging called softening. So um does that sound like a plan yes.

Or yes. As they say okay. So let's talk about let me see if. I can find it really quickly the master.

Echo sequence the master. Echo formula. So what did we say the echo what what's the echo technique this is a pop quiz for you guys what is the echo technique how do we do the echo technique just use their words right. Use them in as close to the order in sequence as they came out enough very good excellent the master.

Echo sequence we talked a little bit about it when you saw me working with. Greg you're going to ask a question you're going to ask your question you're going to pay attention to their responses you're going to validate their response you're going to. Echo their words you're going to ask another question. So let me say this three more times uh face to face and.

Then. I'll do it three more times with my screen and. Then we'll walk through the different aspects of the master. Echo sequence okay.

Master. Echo sequence ask a question pay attention to the response validate that that response. Echo their words ask another question one more time. Third time a charm ask a question pay attention validate their response.

Echo their words ask another question for those of you who like screenshots. H. I don't know that's keeps happening. But okay.

So can you see. I'm going to go full screen here. So can you see this here the master. Echo sequence okay.

Ask your question pay attention validate their response. Echo their words ask another question. So let's talk about softening we talk about softening softenings are what we call. Pre frames it's basically giving them a reason why it's it's our way of saying indirectly this is why.

I'm about to tell you what. I'm about to ask you or tell you. So rather than walking up to somebody and saying. So what do you think of the drink specials or what do you think of the band or why are you here or what's important to you about.

X instead of saying being very direct and very blunt. I might use. So again. I'm gonna use.

I'm gonna use these examples right. Here. So you can see. So rather than asking what's important about to you about manifestation.

I might say. So. I'm curious oops sure curious why can't. I spell today.

So. I'm curious what's important to you about manifestation do you see how putting the softener the reason why in front of the question makes it much more palatable and much more conversational and less less like an interrogation or an interview this is one of the reasons why a lot of people don't succeed with. NLP you see most people when you go to. NLP training you're going to learn a lot about asking questions and the problem with.

NLP techniques is that they're really powerful well wait. Dave what do you mean. I thought that's why we studied. NLP yeah that's why it doesn't work because it's.

So powerful right. And the reason it's it's it doesn't work because it's. So powerful it's not because it doesn't work it's because it works too powerful flea and what. I mean by that is when you deploy an.

NLP technique without the benefit of a softener the thing we just talked about which. I'm going to go through a little bit more in depth when you ask a question without softening or you deploy an. NLP technique without softening it or setting it up properly that technique hits that person's nervous system. So hard that it's like they got slapped now they may not have the knowledge base or the skill set to understand what you did.

But the visceral effect of it was. So strong they know you did something and that puts that that sends up all of their defense mechanisms all of their their behavioral uh defenses their whole system goes on alert because they felt such a massive shift in themselves from a what on the surface might seem like a simple question good. NLP work good conversational hypn persuasion work good charismatic influence work comes across an awful lot like teaching and storytelling okay. And that's one of the secrets one of the ways that you begin to create that phenomena in people is by learning how to put softeners in front of whatever process or question that to elicit information.

So let's go back to this idea of softeners and look. At this again. So one of my favorites that. I um.

I got was just. So. I understand you better. So let's say.

I want to elicit somebody's values right. And. So. I want say.

I might want to ask what's important to you oops what's important to you about the right. House or better yet what's important to you about the perfect house right. And that person says hold on a. Second let me get a little space in here and they say oh perfect house they has to be near good schools has to have a big backyard and a big kitchen right.

So let's say that somebody's coming to you to say. I need you to help me find the perfect house and. I. Sayre.

I'm gonna. I'm. GNA do my absolute best to help you find the perfect house what is that oh you. So you're looking for.

Next. So you're looking for the perfect house oh. So you are looking for the perfect house right. What did.

I do here. I asked a question that's amazing. I. I love helping people find the house that's just right.

Or that's perfect for them all right. So let's let's deconstruct this a little bit okay. Try to get this a little bigger here. So you're looking for the perfect house.

So what do. I do here. Master. Echo sequence.

So you're looking for the perfect house that's perfect validation right. I help. I love helping people find the perfect house. So just.

So. I understand you better that's a softener how do you know when you have the perfect house. So do you see here that in my response and. I'm.

I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.

I'm writing this out for you just. So you have time to track what's going on. So our context with a realtor a person approaching a realtor oh. So you're.

So just. So. I understand you better what's important about the perfect house right. So you're looking for perfect house that that that's perfect see notice how many times.

I use the word perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect why because that was the word that they leaned on right. So you're looking for the perfect house. I love helping people find the house that's perfect for them just. So.

I understand you better softener how do you know when you have the perfect house there's my question right. So that's my whole. Master. Echo sequence you ask the question you pay attention you validate the response you.

Echo the words you ask the other question they're going to say well. I know the perfect the house is perfect because it has it's near good schools it has a big backyard and it has a big kitchen as. I listen to them talk. I noticed they really have a strong nonverbal response oops to big kitchen and the moment.

I see that extra response. I have my target now. I could just talk about good schools big backyard big kitchen and be perfectly within the confines of the echo technique and the master. Echo sequence.

I could just stay at this level all day long and it would have a significant effect. I wouldn't need to go any deeper. But let's say. I really want to drill down on the emotional drivers that this person has.

I'm. GNA go down. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go after the big kitchen example okay.

So. I'm just gonna let me inject more space here. So. Then.

I might ask okay. So just. So. I understand you better how big would the kitchen have to be now why might.

I ask that why might. I ask about how big does the kitchen need to be this is the interactive part why would. I say that it seems like a like a duh type question right. But why why do.

I want to know how big the kitchen is for them well the short answer is on a. Second. So as to mirror their desire okay. That's close.

I'm gon. I'm gonna mirror their desire. Anyway. But what if their idea of a big kitchen is a 40x40 room what if my idea of a big kitchen is 10 by 15.

I'm going to. I'm. GNA. I'm going to instinctively operate on what.

I believe big kitchen means and. I have a high probability of being wrong. So what we're dealing with now when we talk about how do you the how do you know question the how do you know question elicits from a person their rules of satisfaction. So let's talk about emotional bonding checklist and talk about the different components of it if.

I have somebody who's if. I'm a real estate person and. So and. I'm going to sell somebody a house and.

I say well how do you. I need you to help me find. David. I need you to help me find the perfect house great that's fantastic.

I love helping people find the home that's perfect for them. But you know perfect house means different things to different people. So just. So.

I understand you better there's our softener just. So. I understand you better how do you know when a house is perfect how do you know when it's perfect for you oh that's easy. David it's it's it's it's it's near good school just got a big backyard and a big kitchen oh big backyard near good school is big kitchen great.

So. I'm curious big means different things to different people. So how big would the kitchen need to be to be perfect oh that's easy it's got to be at least you know 20 by 10 x 20 uh kitchen it's got to have you know huge stove and a big you know oven and lots of space to cook. With oh.

I see. I see. So the perfect kitchen for you would have to be uh you know 10 x 20 uh with lots of c space stove oven to and have a lot of space to move around yeah yeah that's right. David do you have something like that well.

I'm curious just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about that big kitchen because my job isn't to help you find a house my job is to help you find a home my job is to help you to find the the place that fits your dream and to do that. I need to know a little bit more about how to make you really happy.

So just. So. I understand you better what's important to you about a big kitchen and you'll see them kind of like what what. Greg did you'll see them kind of just they'll get a little bit of a distant look.

And they'll think about it they might even get a little bit emotional and say you know growing up uh. I grew up in a a big family we had a really big kitchen and every holiday season all the family and the in-laws and the relatives and the grandchildren they'd all get together and they'd all hang out in the kitchen eating cooking taking turns making dumplings all kinds of. Co it was just one of the best experiences everybody felt warm and inviting and it was just. So such a loving wonderful environment and.

I really. I really really want to share that with my kids. I see. So if you could have that big kitchen.

Then you could have your friends and your your family and your grandkids and your sisters and your brothers and all your family come over and you could cook. And clean together and really connect like you used to in the past is that right. Yeah. David that.

I mean that be. So amazing and you know what. Mr. Mrs prospect that is exactly what we're going to do.

I'm gonna find you that perfect house with that big kitchen. So that every time the holidays roll around you're going to be surrounded by the people you love you're going to be cooking and laughing and cleaning you're going to feel that connection and you're going to you're going to be eating together and know that everything is wonderful and safe and comfortable in world just the way you described it right. Here now that being said. I have several houses that.

I have a large enough kitchen. But. I'm going to need you to kind of go through them and see which one is the the most perfect fit for you how soon would you like to get started on that can we go now right. Okay.

So let's kind of deconstruct what just happened here right. So the. First thing the person comes to me say hi. I.

David. I need you. I need help. I'm trying to find the perfect house.

So oh. I see. So you're trying to find the perfect house right. Now now notice that.

I'm it's a statement. But it's it's kind of a question right. So you're trying to find the perfect house yeah. So.

I'm. Cur well. I love helping people find the house that's perfect for them. So just.

So. I understand you better how do you know when the house is perfect why. I need to find out their rules. I need to find out how they go about satisfying their values.

So for every value that you elicit in a human being they're going to have a a checklist oh big kitchen yes. Big backyard yes. Near good schools yes. Cool if all you were going to do was parot their words back that's good enough.

But if you actually have to show a product or service. Then the product or service that you show has to match their definition of a big bag backyard a big kitchen um near good school what what a good school is you have to know what those are because that's what you present to them and when you do it that way they'll almost always do what you want out of default because you've obeyed their rules you haven't just talked like let's say they're talking about fruit right. And this is one of the things that. I.

I the examples. I give a lot of times with people is like um um we're talking to two people and you ask. I'm curious what's important to you about. Rel uh what's what's the one thing you absolutely have to have in a relationship and this person and person a goes respect oh respect.

So. I'm curious respect means different things to different people how do you know when you're getting the respect that you want and need oh well that's simple you tell me the truth and you you need you don't worry about my feelings you don't mince words you don't you don't worry about if. I'm. GNA boohoo or am.

I gonna like what you say you tell me the truth because it's the truth and. I deserve to have it oh. I see. Then you go to person.

B you say okay. Well. I'm curious what's important to you about a relationship and they say respect. I say oh respect okay.

So just. So. I understand you better um respect means different things to different people how do you know when you're getting respect and they're like well that's easy. I mean.

I know you respect me when you are honest with me and you tell me things in a way that aren't going to hurt my feelings that you know you take the time to really think about what you're saying and how you're going to say it. So that you know it doesn't doesn't hurt my feelings oh. I see now what do you think happens when these two people get in an argument what do you think happens both of them have the value of respect. But do they have the same rules for how those needs are met the answer is no.

They don't and. So what you have is what happens very often in a relationship is people have a similar value. But the rules by which they understand they're getting it radically different. I'll give you guys another variation of this idea how many of you have ever heard of something called.

Love. Languages type it in the chat if you've ever heard of something called. Love. Languages okay.

So if we talk about love languages you know that some people they show. Love by hugging you by kissing you by holding your hand by touching you right. Physical contact acts of affection right. That's how they show love other people do it by doing things for you right.

Like one of my clients she has a husband that every time he needs some she needs something it's it's handled right. Everything she times thinks something's too much trouble he handles it he just goes and does it because he loves her that much and that's how he shows love. I had a client who um had have uh loved her husband dearly. But wish he he did he had a completely different love language than her and.

So he would be constantly buying things doing things. But he would never hold her he would never touch her he would never caress her the way she wanted to right. Why different rules for how love is shown the values that people have are context specific. But they have rules and if you elicit the value the name they give to the value.

But you don't elicit the rules your only halfway there. So you've always got to figure out how do you know they're getting what they need okay. Love love is not defined as different to them love love is the same feeling. But the way it's expressed communicated and shown and received is different okay.

And that's what rules are when it comes to values okay. You have to know what a person rules are now a lot of times just knowing the name of the value is enough just knowing the name of the value is enough. But if you really want to nail it like they literally ask you to buy you have to find out their rules and when you present to them you show them only the things that came out of their mouth in the way they described it this is where the echo technique gives you the master key to unlocking the values because when a p whatever whatever words a person uses to. Define their values their emotional needs are sacred to them the more times they hear it the more times their neurology goes into a pleasure.

State uh sexy. Warrior woman said it works exactly the same way for phone sales any place that human language is involved where human needs and desires are involved this process works in fact you'll up you if you do this properly you'll you'll tend most people up their closing rate by about 40% or better okay. I was a top salesman in many companies that. I worked for uh using this process or variations of this process okay.

So really quick let's recap. Master. Echo [Music] formula sorry. Echo technique.

Master. Echo formula softening emotional bonding checklist okay. Questions about any of the things that. I've just talked about okay.

While. I'm waiting for the questions just a quick reminder uh. Last call is uh hold on a. Second oops secrets of the psychology of human influence home study program there's 2,4 $97 value uh you're going to get the spycraft behavioral engineering hypnotic influence and profiling.

Secrets. Master. Class you're it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it free uh. Renegade reframing $1,997 value absolutely free we're going to give you the weapons of mass instruction $1,997 value you're going to get that for free you're going to get the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value free you're going to get the instant conversational ecosis class course $997 we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get that 5day. VIP ticket to the. Next killer influence uh secrets of cver hypnosis 5-day boot camp valued at $3,150 we're going to give that to free that goes away when.

I log off the webinar okay. Total package value on this is $1 4,232 you can get access to it instantly for just one low installment of $997 or you can break that up into three easy payments of 3.97 each [Music] um and sexy warrior women um. I answered your question already. I'm not sure if you missed it.

But. I said this absolutely does work in phone sales exactly the same way. So lah says. So how can.

I ask a question about what would make a person happy when. I know. I'm not getting it right. But their answers are very complex well you could take take notes the other thing you can do is you can learn how to truncate the echo technique.

So let me give you an example of what that looks like. So let's say that um make this bigger. So let's say that's we're talking to somebody and they give us this um once upon a time and. Then they just run on forever wait can you see this huh can you see it yeah okay.

So this. So. I'm not going to write out all the dialogue. But let's just say that they just start talking and talking and talking and talking and talking and talking right.

So here's what you can do oops that's not working out the way. I planned it. So the. First thing they said.

So the. First thing they said maybe it was once upon a time right. And. Then the.

Last thing they said happily ever after right. If you you can remember the. First thing they said and the. Last thing they said you will activate the echo phenomena because their brain will fill in all this okay.

Let's say like halfway through it they say forage was too cold right. All you have to do is remember those three lines right. You can literally let everything else go. But what's going to happen as you practice the echo technique more and more and more you'll start to remember longer and longer and longer strings of ver verbage and that has tremendous that gives you tremendous ability to wield a lot of influence what you're going to be able to start doing is you'll start picking out words that they emotionally lean on inside the structure of the sentence and those will be the words that you'll drill down on right.

So once upon a time once upon a time once upon a time once upon a time once upon oops sorry about that once upon a time see how. I'm emphasizing a different word in each one and each of those makes the sentence sound differently each of those little nuances is a signal that there's an emotional charge to the word it's an un it's what we call interspersal phenomenon right. There's an unconscious connection. So after a while from echoing verbatim these words will start jumping out at you and.

Then you'll you'll have a much more clean a much more efficient way to drill down on things. But at the end of the day after you're echoing their words and. I apologize for this language being or these words being. So small wow after echoing their words and.

Then activating the master. Echo formula and. Then drilling down into their emotional bonding checklist all you have to do is keep using their words over and over again. So this is where it gets it gets really interesting it gets really kind of almost almost not fair remember.

I. I just told you that as c as people start talking they'll start emphasizing words a little bit differently in the narrative and those words are a signal that there's an emotional charge deeper in the system that you can use and tap into it's. So formulaic that you could literally drop all the other dialogue that came out of their mouth and just use those words over and over and over and over again and you would see their states change right. There.

I've done this numerous times uh in seminars uh in in. Live. Events where. I've elicited somebody's values and all.

I did was say those words over and over again. I did. I did no. Pattern weaving.

I did no. Storytelling. I did no. Language patterns.

I just looked at them and said freedom freedom freedom or or love or power or you know whatever their word was. I just used it multiple and you would every and it would it would stack over and over and over again okay. So. I've what.

I've given you guys with the echo technique the master. Echo formula the emotional bonding checklist um we didn't get a chance to do three magic questions um. But what. I gave you in terms of the the death.

Fair poet says yet aren't words cheap compared to action no. Words are not cheap compared to action bad words are cheap because they don't create action when. I say bad words. I mean words that didn't come out of the person's mouth words that didn't come or that aren't connected to the individual's heart and their needs and their desires when you start using the person's own emotional need-based words they can't not act they can't not respond to what they're experiencing and if you can effectively link your your whatever you want them to do to those emotional bonding words with enough repetitions they'll just do it by default that's how it was taught to me many many years ago they'll often just do what you want by default they'll ask you to buy to use a sales context and.

I've seen this happen over and over again in a job interview they'll literally like offer you job if there's three inter if there's a if there's three interviews you have to go through and you do this right. I've seen it happen where they call you after the. First interview and offer you the job. I've seen a person apply for three jobs using this form and get offered all three jobs at the same time okay.

I've seen this happen in relationships. I've seen this happen in sales. I've seen this happen in negotiation and mediation this is the fastest most effective way to get everybody moving together in in a motivated inspired way if you want a motivated inspired team this is how you do it right. If you want to create more sales or book.

More clients this is how you do it if you want to find the perfect partner or spouse um or lover this is how you do it right. You have to understand needs you have to understand rules you have to understand what we call convincer strategy convincer strategy is the number of times the person has to hear those words in that context for them to accept and act upon what they're hearing okay. We'll talk about all this in your killer influence programs we'll talk about these things at length and you will drill them over and over and over again okay. But the the most the one thing.

I can promise you is that you will never go wrong you will never go wrong using another person's words don't believe me just go out and do it with a sincere desire to communicate and understand with people and watch the magic happen. Okay. So. Diego is asking when you.

Echo their words do you word it in the way of sameness. Diego are you are you talking about using different words to try and say the same thing or are you talking about something different my experience has been and again there's a lot of people out there who are counselors uh who work tip lines and stuff like that who are do do a process called active listening if you have nothing else. But active listening use that. But if you have access to the echo technique the echo technique trumps everything no.

Pun intended the echo technique um is the fastest most direct way to hack into a person's nervous system monopolize their attention trigger sameness validation connection and openness and facilitate a greater degree of self-disclosure and the best part about it is the longer they talk to you the more attracted and connected and open to you they get. So you're never going to go wrong using a person's very own words okay. When you take those very own words and you use that process to elicit the words that they use for their own emotional needs now you've multiplied it you've multiplied it by a factor of 10 or 12 in my opinion okay. And it's completely ethical completely honest as long as you can actually deliver on what you're promising you shouldn't be bonding people's emotional needs to your product or service if your product or service doesn't match their rules okay.

This is this is where we come to the. Ethics. Line if you can deliver on the. Promises you make you're good.

But if you can't deliver on the promises you're making you just cross that line into you know sivil right. So any questions on on these three things or four things has this been helpful useful yeah. So. Kayla's saying.

I was in a situation where. I was trying to explain something to a counselor and he repeated my words back to me. But. I could tell there was a lack of understanding and.

I felt like it was insincere and unhelpful yes. What can happen is if somebody is not present when they're using these words they're just mouthing the words you can feel the lack of you can feel the superficiality of it now a lot of people won't pick up on that they'll still it'll still work. But if you if you understand that the echo technique is a bridge right. And you ask for understanding you ask you you you ask people to discuss the words that you're using right.

And and and you said it very very clearly here. Kayla when you said you could tell there was a lack of understanding what that counselor should have been doing was using your exact words and. Then asking you to elaborate on each of those words. So you could talk more about it and that would have created a deeper richer experience for you right.

Um the echo technique is as b as as simple a technique as it gets. But it takes a. PhD to screw it up sometimes okay. But if you if you this is one of the things.

I want to share with you about the echo technique and. I've said this many many times on many many webinars and. I it's still true today the echo technique as simple as it is the master. Echo formula as simple as it is is the most satisfying fulfilling validating connecting method for one human being to communicate with another human being when you do this effectively with a person they feel.

So good about you they don't want to give you up okay. It it communicates to people in the exact way that their neurology has evolved to want to be communicated with and as a byproduct of that people will create very very powerful deep intense relationships with you in a very very short amount of time it is a gift that you share with everyone you interact with right. Because once you understand this technique to not use it is an act of jerkness now let me explain that if let's say for example that there was somebody in your life who was important to you and you knew that there was a way to communicate with them that would make them feel feel. So good about themselves.

So good about you. So heard and seen and understood and appreciated and you deliberately chose not to use it who's the jerk now because that's what. I've given you right. I've given you the ability to communicate with any human being in the way that they most are biologically evolution.

IL hardwired to want to be communicated with. I'm no. Different if you use these words on me. I may catch it.

I may detect the words. But. I'll still. I'll still respond to it because they're my words and they they're my meanings and.

I know you're trying to understand me. So the way you make this bulletproof is you move through the worldall with a sincere desire to understand connect and communicate with everyone you meet and you use that. Echo technique as the gift it was intended to be the gift of understanding the gift of communication the gift of validation and approval when you do that people will fall in love with you sometimes literally and they'll just give you stuff because when they're around you they feel. So good that they want to they'll do anything to reward that behavior to reward those feelings that you're giving them okay.

And that's the that's the tip of a massive system that we' put together and it just gets more and more powerful. So when you click those links and you get your program you start with that. Echo technique you go through your six stages right. You control your state you get.

Rapport you use your language you manage the state of the subject you jump into their process you bond to their values right. It's going to eliminate 90% of any objections or resistances you're going to have you're gonna know exactly what to say how to say it who and when to say it yeah. I'm encouraging you to adopt the echo technique as a way of life not just a technique or a trick. But a way of that you build into your normal level of communicating with people.

So that it just becomes a natural part of how you relate and it just makes it easier okay. So that being said um we're kind of at our time. So if you have questions go ahead and ask. I'm going to go ahead and revisit our.

Last call for tonight's uh psychology of human influence offer um on a. Second okay. So here's what we got for you you're going to get the psychology of human influence charismatic communication home study course it's a $2,497 value we're going to include our special collaborative training with. Chase 's behavioral engineering hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling.

Secrets $1,997 value we could give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing uh secrets of conversational belief change and objection mastery 1,9 $97 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the weapons of mass instruction hypnotic storytelling and. N the. Neuroscience of narrative persuasion home study course $1,997 value you're can get the three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program that at $1,597 we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get the stealth instin conversation at nosis crash course $997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and of course. Last call. Next 21 people you're going to get a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence 5day covert hypnosis certification boot camp valued at $3,150 right. Here in sunny. San.

Diego you can attend virtually or you can attend in person uh it's $1,232 you can get the entire special uh package for $99.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to w www. killer influence.com slgo it's www. Killin fluence.com slgo click those links and get your packages and we will see you here in. January um for the. Next five days certification intensive it's going to be awesome.

I can't wait to see you guys on the other side remember you have nothing to risk and everything to gain we're here to help you win in whatever way you define that for yourself. So that being said in the words of the immortal. Carol. Bernett.

I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. Salon good night my friends click those links and. I'll see you on the other side.

I love you all good night and. God bless take care.
