Title: D5KAT81uFE4.txt
Video Id: D5KAT81uFE4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D5KAT81uFE4

Right. Jay come on up here brother addiction what impersonator become that person absolutely. I would think yes. Remind me to tell you about.

Captain. Jack the acupuncturist all right. Huh. Captain.

Jack the aunu is a horrifying thought go lay like a rock star is that drunk all the time is that why you always like your indeed. I do love and. G too hello mik hello all right. So um we're just going to walk through the.

DTI process right. And and it's actually kind of fun do you have anybody that you'd like to have more of in you in that non-gay way oh it's got to be non- gay uh. I feel a round of. Sweet.

Transvestite coming on who was in who was in class when. I did the. Franken ferer imitation well you think. I won't all right.

Look. At you. I see it you saw it didn't you you felt it coming can't deal with it be careful with what you ask for transexual trans how do you do baby shut him right. Down all right.

Um let's do actually you know. Austin. Powers that's that's a great one yeah baby yeah and. Then we we shag baby yeah.

I used him as well that's gor you want some jubblies too do you want some what jubblies don't ask all right. Your feet will remain strong beneath you sleep deep sleep all the way down deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take. Every.

Beat of your heart. J drifting dreaming floating flying oh. So relaxed. So at peace your body becoming more and more relaxed your head can come back up.

But you can go deeper and deeper and deeper deeper still open your eyes. Close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still open your eyes. All the way up close those eyes.

All the way down drifting dreaming floating flighting guiding by the sound of my voice wonderful. Sensations coursing all throughout your mind all throughout your body wonderful senses of pleasure the kind of pleasure that that's right. Doubling and tripling. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take in.

Every. Beat of your heart because the more pleasure you feel. Ooh. Yeah the more oxytocin you release the more oxytocin you release the more rapidly your neurology goes oh.

I can change now and of course the more you change the better you feel the better you feel the deeper you go and it just goes that way yeah baby yeah now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment baby. I'm going to say. I'm going you're going to notice your.

Consciousness flying all the way up out of your physical body the your physical body far behind blowing higher and higher still as. Captain. Jack the hypnotist takes over you'll begin to notice a wonderful sense of relaxation a wonderful sense of. Freedom free of the physical body you can move anywhere you like in time in space to the past to the present or even parallel universes parallel lives or other versions of yourself lad are learning and living and having.

Adventures things you can learn learn from and it's a wonderful thing as you continue to float higher and higher and higher still that's right. And as you do you can actually look. Down you can actually see that glowing line of time beneath you the one we visited. So many times that's right.

As you continue to float you see off in the distance a beautiful star a familiar star that winks and twinkles and welcomes you home you find yourself being drawn towards it moving floating flying that wonderful energy getting stronger and stronger bathing your mind bathing your body in all of those wonderful things that you love. So much that's right. And you pass through that beautiful light you feel a cleansing as if a beautiful special fine filter has been applied through every part of your being filtering away any stress any strain any less than positive experience until only the purest consciousness of. J is remaining you find yourself passing through that light into a very familiar place a dm- shaped room with ply gray walls in the center of that room where a huge fireplace used to be is something different a beautiful glowing circle of energy and there's one small portion of that.

Circle that isn't quite glowing yet and we're going to step inside you and. I and as soon as you do that other section lights up and you feel an energy washing through you you feel a sense of command a sense of power a sense of being one with. God and in this place in this time in this construct we call the wom of. Eternity and the gray room and the magic circle you are one with creation and anything you can intend anything you can imagine anything you can act out must must must become true and real for you in the external world it's just the way it works now as you look.

Around the exterior of that that. Circle you can begin to notice that there are people avatars examples of qualities traits and characteristics that you really want more of that you would like to have installed deep inside of you by yourself and with a wave of your hand or a snap of your finger the. First one appears and when you see him or her no. Your head to let me know that's right.

And as you look. That person in the eyes. You can see feel an energy moving back and forth between the two of you if you know what a shock is you can feel your chakras actually aligning and energy beginning to flow back and forth information being downloaded and transferred your vibration synchronizing like a. Bluetooth that's right.

And when you're ready. I want you to turn around and step backwards into that person becoming completely one with them seeing the world through their eyes. Hearing the world through their ears feeling the world through that body sensing and believing and understanding and perceiving themselves the world and everyone else as this person this you do mate what. I like you to do.

I'd like you to live a life as them go where they go do what they do understand the way they understand go on adventures baby yeah that's right. Over and over and over again whatever formal to experiences they had that were necessary for them to become that kind of person take only what you need only what you want only what gives you those qualities traits characteristics and attributes and when you know you've got it when you know it's locked in imprinted indelibly at every level of your mind every level of your body and all. I want you to do is no. Your head to let me know take a deep breath breathe in their.

Essence feel them becoming a permanent part of you imprinting merging and step out turn around and face that avatar look. Them in the eyes. And with all the gratitude that you have to give thank them for what they've shared with you and with a wave of your hand and of thanks dismiss them back from once they came and as you look. Around the circle take note is there anyone else whose qualities characteristics or attributes you'd like to have more of name them summon them when you see them not your head there you go and once again as you look.

In the eyes. You thank them for coming the energy between your eyes. Begins to blend and merge and pass information back forth your crown your. Third eye your heart your throat sh all of your chakras aligning vibrating synchronizing the energy transfer accelerating maxify you can just feel it like downloading information from.

The. Matrix tricks like me going. I know. Kung.

Fu the. Kung. Fu is getting stronger and stronger still and when you're ready only when you're ready turn around and step into them feel that energy surging all throughout your mind all throughout your body live that life feel that feeling know what they know be them now in every respect taking only what you most need what you most want to exemplify those qualties characteristics and attributes that give you the results you crave and desire live the life over and over and over again thousands of times at the speed of thought until you know you've got it when you know you've got it no. Your to let me know that's right.

Take a deep breath in breathe in that. Essence and step out again turn around look. Your avatar in the eyes. With all the.

Gratitude of deep felt thanks you have to give thank them and dismiss them back from whence they came and now anytime you need to. Jay anytime you want to you can go to the womb of. Eternity you can visit that gray room and enter your magic circle and with an act of will you can summon forth any quality characteristic or attribute that you want you can step inside and become the embodiment of those powers of those abilities and express them integrate them fully into your own. Persona into your own being expressing them and enjoying them wielding them at your will for all the right.

Reasons when you know you've got that imagine a time in the future 7 days from now having fully integrated installed expressed and applied these qualities characteristics and attributes step into that body seven years in the future and notice what it feels like to be that person now look. Back on those seven days towards this moment notice what you've learned notice what's different what have you learned. Jay that's right. Now move forward a month from those seven days into that body live that life for a couple of days and notice how good that feels notice the results that you're getting now as you notice the results that you're getting now look.

Back on those in that previous month and notice what you've learned notice what's different notice it just gets better and better for all the right. Reasons and now from that month move six months into the future step into that body having fully mastered and built upon these foundations live that life look. At the results you have look. Back on this moment and notice what's left notice what you've learned notice what you've.

Acquired and. Then one final time move a year into the future from that six-month. Mark into that body into that mind into that life live it turn around look. Back on that year and a half notice what you've learned notice what's changed well you know you've got it begin the.

Journey. Back walking back in time and as you look. Back in time tracing your timeline back to the present moment you notice what look. Like little glowing.

Footprints and each of those. Footprints symbolizes a step in the process a journey an idea an understanding a revelation that you've made a turning point in the process that led you to this goal to this destination and as you retrace your steps back your unconscious mind has a road map to follow a of coordinates in your. GPS that will inevitably inevitably. Orient on and take you to faster more fully more powerfully than ever before and even.

Beyond it when you know you've got that feel yourself floating down into the physical body here in the room bringing all of those. Transformations. Revelations and educations with you head clear mind clear fully installed in every way when you know your here nod your head and let me now excellent baby yeah in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed at every level of your mind body and soul is in complete. Harmony complet complete. Accord with this.

TR. Revelations. Transformations and educations number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one who knows how to use this you're the one who's done the work who's imprinted the traits the qualities the characteristics and is expressing them uniquely in your own way that gives you the results you want the way you want it number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful 10 times more positive 10 times more permanent locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most desires and can profess and express these qualities traits and characteristics always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always is at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you.

Mr. J you've done the work you've followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you deserve the reward it's your reality you've earned it and it's true for you now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed at every level of your neurology mind body and soul is completely imprinted with these qualities traits and characteristics expressing them in all the ways that only make your life better by your standards and your expectations at peace with yourself the world and everyone in it feeling good all over glad to be alive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel wow that was cool wow. So the.

First one that just came up and. I saw was. Merlin um and. H the.

Second one was. Indiana. Jones. So [Laughter] um.

So uh that was that was really awesome thank you big round of applause for the man thank you very much it's actually quite simple isn't it.
