Title: 3dm2hUhcUOA.txt
Video Id: 3dm2hUhcUOA
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dm2hUhcUOA

Hey everyone just checking in um i just got back from vegas yesterday and i'm running a little bit behind on getting my av set up. So i figured i'd just jump on real quick and hey happy thoughts uh good to see everyone just wanted to uh i'm checking out the equipment. So i just thought i'd check in and check out the equipment this is not our our regular live stream for diamond and platinum members this is a general all-purpose shout out to everybody to say hope everybody's doing well in these crazy crazy times as the case may be and uh just kind of looking at the chat here filling up really quick hello everybody hold on a. Second let me just look.

At your chats love vegas good to see you yeah excellent uh. So let's see here we got two cents caesar christian jerry alex slidell alex again happy thoughts immortal hearts ld hey guys uh. So can you guys hear me okay. If you can hear me okay.

Just type it in the chat you he says back to david's world let's hope. So huh pandemic ain't gonna stop me brother i'm gonna pivot one way or another people try to stop us we're just gonna find another way that's the whole thing the whole point be relentless right. No. Matter what they throw at you you figure out a way to get it done all right.

Excellent yeah there is a bit of a delay i'm again i'm live streaming through zoom. So there's about there's a i'd say there's about a 30. Second delay maybe between when i actually speak it when it shows up on your side. So i'm seeing your chats in real time.

But uh unfortunately the interface doesn't let me you know there's a little bit of a lag. So i apologize for that. So just real quick since uh the chat seems to be going well and everybody seems to be able to hear me okay. Um we will be on tonight at uh 6 p.m pacific i may be i have a meeting right.

Before the um right. Before the uh the live is scheduled uh for diamond and platinum members. So if i'm a little bit late just chill out the meeting probably ran a few minutes over or um youtube is giving me fits again what happens a lot of times when i try to do the the the platinum and diamond level uh members content is sometimes it doesn't give me an option to um to designate diamond and platinum remember. So it goes out to everyone and if that's the case um general members and and gold members are welcome to uh to watch the content.

But i. But when the questions are asked i will be giving priority to the diamond and platinum members uh. So just uh be mindful of that um even though you know i guess i try to i try to i try to be egalitarian. But they did pay for extra private sessions and specialized content.

So it's only fair that we that we give them. First rights and and the most attention. So james says never give up never surrender amen brother dr christian says can hear you what are you talking about today um the overwhelming the overwhelming uh topic was energetics vibrational influence and other forms of magical mayhem. So um i will be on there tonight around six approximately uh and we will be going over all things pertaining to energy energetics vibration uh and again certain things are going you know certain questions that you ask are going to be based on how are assuming that you have certain skill sets if you don't have those skill sets.

Then you need to get to one of our trainings where we give you those skill sets. So you can apply these things we've tested a lot of different ways of delivering the systems that we teach and we've seen what gives us the biggest bang for our buck. So we recommend that you go into some of our entry level class if you want to go up or take our approach to energetics if you're happy with where you're at and what you're doing by all means take whatever pieces that we give you uh that mesh with your approach and and use them right. But uh.

But that's kind of how we're doing things right. Now. So and do i look. A little gray is it how's the color i like i feel like i'm a little gray in the let me see if i can do some color balancing on on the um is that any better how about how the media brainwashes people well that's a big question the media's always bring washington they've been brainwashing people since media was.

First created the real the realization of course now is that we suddenly are conscious of it because they've they've overplayed their hand in many cases and we realize now that um little gray yeah i don't let me try different just let me know because i'm gonna i wanna i wanna optimize things let me see if let me change the light source real quick and see if that makes a difference [Music] i look. Really gray i'm not sure what's going on with that baby is it my shirt that's kind of odd i'm not sure what's going on with that uh maybe it's the app i'm using what about white balance hmm i'm i'm doing it i'm using a logic capture uh interface rather than is that any better i lost a little bit plus i just got back from vegas and that was oh vegas is always a challenge. So let's see getting old dave thanks guys appreciate it i feel. So much better about myself now that's why i go on youtube not really better on the ground yeah i'm not i'm not thrilled either with the the coloration because that's that's new i think the only thing that's changed is that i'm using a different a slightly different software maybe you know when i come back on i'm going to try and uh i don't know advanced settings see here oh that didn't work out hey i'm upside down let's not do that show all right.

Is that any better hard to see you get any better with the gray john fusion says love from england thanks mate it's good now are we better it might be that it might be the light coming off the shirt i don't normally wear this doctor strange i got a funny dr strange story i'll tell you guys on the uh on the ama not. So good huh maybe i'll get a different shirt maybe that'll that'll do it don't worry it's not a beauty contest. But you got to got to understand i am completely vain right. I work my ass off to look.

Good on camera a little better with the gray it's i'm still not happy i'm going to try um i'm going to i'm going to jump out of the logic capture i'll bet if i bet if i go back to my regular any better now check it try it now see if that works you look. Fit nicely done thank you family appreciate that all right. Um yeah i've only got a few more minutes. But i wanted to happy thought says yes.

We're good we're better poof yeah i thought it might have been a software all right. I am a little pale though i am as i look. At myself i'm like i'm not thrilled with my complexion right. Now uh christian de leon says david can i please know where i can go to learn more about the sigils you use on your white board how can i use them um you can go to kabbalah.com the kobalacenter.com rather i was using white balance it wasn't working worth a crap.

So i actually had to get out of that software i was using and um and go back to just the webcam all right. All right. Um let me try let me put on a little something a little bit more warm and see what happens is any just lighten me up any should try being a ginger we just burn yeah i know i know poor gingers yeah i think it's the shirt the shirt's not in my tone. But it looks cool.

So i bought i'll change my shirt for the for the ama tonight uh it doesn't mesh well with this. So try a different background hold on a. Second i don't really have any good ones let's try this hello from liverpool hey david good to see you brother robert master de casa says the software makes your ears wiggle a lot no. That's just me [Laughter] i have wiggly ears let's see here you like the energy background you think we should try this for the ama tonight what do you think i like this shirt too it's just it's a little bit off tone and.

So i have to usually wear a very uh i have to wear a more harmonically balanced vest with it for it to come out more. But it really washed me out with that new software. So i'm not gonna i'm gonna play with that uh baja ram says what's your opinion on joseph spend this techniques meditation techniques for healing and transformation. But ram i don't actually know i have never studied mr any of dr dispenza's work um i've had people give me mixed reviews about it not just necessarily the techniques.

But the experience of going to their live events uh. So i'm not going to comment either you know positively or negatively all i'm going to say is um a lot of people love him. But i have never studied any of his work other than what i've like seen on the secret or or something like that i just i just don't spend a lot of time in that space um a lot of people get a lot of benefits from from his work and if his stuff is working for you. Then he's doing what he's supposed to be doing.

So i hope that i hope that's good enough sherman says you are. So cute you want us to be happy not like well yeah i mean you're the reason i'm here i mean yes. I love the attention and and you know i love being in the spotlight. But you're the reason you're the reason that's all worthwhile.

So you know i do my best to to make sure that you come away feeling like you got value and and like you know you were actually you're what you want and what you need is actually cared about it's it's important i think and i think it's something that a lot of presenters as they get more and more um well known they tend to forget that the reason that they have a space that to to be admired is because of the people who come and you know i i i go back to a guy named some of you may remember some of you may not a guy named elvis presley you know when i call it leadership lessons i learn from elvis you know think say what you want about about his lifestyle the way he lived. But the one thing you never hear about is elvis mistreating a fan because he was grateful for every single one of those people and he would stay for hours beyond his normal schedule to make sure that the the fans let the fans knew how much he cared how much he wanted he appreciated them and i know trying to lose sight of that it's harder as you get more and more known out there i call we call it acquired narcissism in in planet david. So when we did a whole fact in face reading level two which we just finished we did a whole talk on acquired narcissism um. So it's a fight it's a challenge that affects a lot of people who are in the public space um let me see here diego says what's the aim i don't know what that is background looks nice yeah maybe we'll keep that for this one um dr david said you mentioned in the past you're not a fan of mass what supplements or dietary factors do you recommend for this covet time oh that is a very good question um i'm going to tell you right.

Up front that i've got an advantage over most people is that i live with one of the most brilliant herbalists on the planet in fact what my wife did was she did all she referenced all the research from china in terms of herbal medicines and found out there were seven different herbal forms i think there's five or five to seven different herbal formulas one for every single stage from prevention to the cytokine storm that often kills people who uh who have autoimmune responses there's like seven different herbal formulas and she just created a whole line of them and stocked them in her clinic and we've been we've been dosing those practically since uh probably march or april i think is when this just started really hit the fan and we've been symptom free forever like. So um we we have a lot of advantages besides our energetics and everything else. But we supplement with herbals herbals immune auto immune boosting herbs um things of that nature. So that's one of the that's one of the reasons why i'm not all that concerned uh for me and my family i'm definitely concerned about people who fall within the danger zone of of of the covet issue which is a smaller you know they're outliers.

But they're still there and they need to take extra precautions you know the vast majority of us are never going to have more that who get it are never going to have more than three two or three days of a bad cold the rest. But those tiny segments they're going to suffer and and they need to take if they're in that demographic they really really need to kind of take a lot of these admonitions as much as the majority of us scoff at them or really do not like them and things they need to take them seriously and you need to respect that even if you don't believe you're in danger you need to respect that from other people and the word is respect not fear right. And it has to go both ways right. So i'm sorry i'm going to get off my soapbox real quick.

But uh i hope that answers you um [Music]. So g d says doctor said in violent confrontation how do we step out of the reactive self defense responder and become a predator or attacker i'm okay. With defending. But i struggle with the attacking part that is a great question and i'll tell you um there is a a process that we teach in combat system i learned it from my teacher um kevin sakur and he calls it the predator prey switch and it's and it's this mindset shift that you take on when you start you you think of it like um you know most women will about 50 will fight back fifty percent will just take take a beating because they're a lot of their socialization is to is to not fight back that's unfortunate for them unless their children are in trouble and.

Then they become like a wolverine on benzedrine and that's what we call flipping the predator prey switch there has to be a little mental switch that you flip in your head where you decide to stop being the defender and start going on the offensive and you have to have a very set um heuristic or boundary line in place right. Or wrong they cross it that's what they get and the one of the ways that you can facilitate that is by physiology shifts the physiology of prey the physiology of victim is this okay. The physiology of aggression is this. So if you can get somebody to physiologically shift and and decide to that they have a sudden taste for raw meat.

Then you can take even somebody who doesn't who has minimal self-defense skills and turn them into a very very um dangerous adversary because it's not about your physical skills it's about your willingness to fight and the emotion that you channel into that yes. It helps if you have refined techniques and things of that nature. But as it's often said it's not the size of the dog in the fight it's the size of the fight and the dog. So and and of all the systems i've studied there are very very few that consciously train what we call that predator prey switch technique and kevin systems are one of the few that do that um and.

So uh if you want follow up more on the predator prey switch and the psychology of combat kevin's got some great stuff out there and he's got a great youtube channel and again he's my system instructor i started with you know i started in the combat and the vaselia systems and i transitioned off into a combat system and now i've learned from everyone uh from as many different systems in the in the russian martial arts as possible. But kevin to me is probably the best systema instructor out there in terms of what he explains and how he explains it especially in the psychology of of combatives. So i hope that i hope that helps you let's see here um guys got me you got suckered me into a free ama that's all right. Um.

So i hope that answered the question on the combat um daniel says thank you for the early laughs the door says i did the joystick today and didn't want to move at all bad move yeah well that's the problem with joy is it makes you just want to kick back and relax and and experience everything. But it doesn't really move you forward until you perceive that joy dissipating or you see the potential for more joy off in the distance. Then it's that perceived uh lack of where you are for versus where you could be that moves you forward uh he says where do i sign up for platinum it should be in the members tab or the the community tab um i'm wondering if i can throw that in there can anybody post the link or post uh for uh for ue where that link is i have to jump off i have to jump off in less than five minutes because i have a meeting at 4 30 that i need to be on um. But uh i'll be back at six o'clock by the way um it's coming towards the end of the year and if you guys could go to www hold on a.

Second dot global gurus org dot org forward slash nlp and cast your vote for your favorite nlp teacher of the year uh we were number one for 2020 and i would really really love for us to take that number one slot again for 2021 and i could really use your help to do that. So if you guys um if you guys like what we do on the channel and how we bring things together if you could please uh go to www.globalgurus.org forward slash nlp and uh do whatever hopes you have to jump through and and cast your vote for your for us as your your favorite most inspirational trainers of the year i would i would really really appreciate that thanks can you guys you guys be willing to do that for me just type in there if you're cool with it all right. Have you heard of the martial arts of the ak-47 um 80s warrior if you're talking about um like combative movement with a with a with us with a machine gun yes. And that's actually part of systema training.

But i'm thinking it's probably part of mobility training for most special forces as well tommy dawson what do you think of pickup coaches that say we have to be honest if we want sex i think they need to probably well. First of all i think honesty is important. But i think it also i think how you express it is even more important than what you express you know you can be very very honest about what you want. But do it in such a way that people get absolutely repulsed and offended and you can be absolutely honest about what you want and say it in a way that entices people and excites them and makes them feel valued and treasured right.

Um most women automatically assume that if you're asking them out you want sex it's just part of their acculturation right. And. So the fastest way to to get them to want sex with you is to not want sex with them it's very counterintuitive. But when you say when you take sex off the table psychologically and emotionally physically they'll put it back on.

So chauncey said uh well i'm gonna show i'm gonna let i'm gonna show you that one chauncey because that's a big deal if they'll put up with those you know you got love thank you cool all right. Well listen it's 4 22 i got to jump off and do this meeting i will try to be back on as close to six o'clock as possible i love you all and um we'll talk to you really soon if you're interested jump in and uh you know if you can jump into the platinum diamond membership it's only 24.99 a month you get two two full-length amas with me plus tons of extra members only content shout outs extra discounts on products and services and we get to spend more time we actually do zoom stuff. So you can actually interact with me through zoom. So um that's what i got carlton says thanks for your advice seven stages three questions if you just mastered that carl you're going to be kicking ass it should be illegal that's just.

So powerful right. But it's very user friendly thanks guys love you all talk to you soon.
