Title: FREE NLP TRAINING: Beyond NLP - The Neuro Science of Success Secrets of Rapid Change
File Name: Dnqtuv5xeiQ.txt
Video Id: Dnqtuv5xeiQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dnqtuv5xeiQ

Is there anything you'd like me to go back over yes. Zoe. I'll be there a lot of times the problem that we have is that we're not used to tapping into that level our society and our culture teaches us to live from the neck up. So one of the biggest challenges that we have with people is getting them back into their bodies getting them to pay attention to the feeling that one of the fastest ways that you can do that is through this exercise we call postures at top our power postures there's a.

TED talk by. Amy. Cuddy to go to. YouTube when you pull up the term power postures they've got a lot of reason.

I've been teaching this since 2005 they fund got around improving it any physiology that you have has a corresponding cycle emotional state if. I go into a state of being absolutely confident absolutely with victorious and. I hold it for as little as two minutes your testosterone can go up as much as 25% that's science okay. Everything we do every feeling that we have has a corresponding physiology and breathing the depression is rampant in this country true not.

So what's the physiology of depression when someone's depressed what do they look. Like okay. Looked like this huh how many of us work at a computer all day long you want to get it for those of you who are going to be in situations that are going to be extremely emotional or extremely challenging if you learn to take positive control of your physiology and you remember to hold the physiology you cannot your emotional state cannot be degraded okay. There's a drill that.

I teach in fact we'll do it when we come back we'll get into some of the state control work and show you how to keep people from pushing your buttons forever would that be cool okay. And again it has everything to do with how you stand and how you breathe okay. All right. You had a question mm-hmm and your mirror neurons proprioception if you had if you would actually if you actually believed in psychic abilities or energy which.

I don't that's the test it would actually be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your sixth sense as we'd like to call it it would be here six seven eight nine cents maybe even up to 12th why because they're at least 12 different nerve endings or types of information that your proprioceptive nervous system monitors one of which is spatial locations one of which is electromagnetic fields another is. Meccano. Reception not secession and interoception and terror ascension is the feelings inside of your body mechana reception is the positions in space that you have it's monitoring all of these things.

But it's doing it pre consciously its operating below the threshold of your conscious awareness remember that three stage model. I showed you you have the reptile brain you have the limbic system which is the emotional brain and. Then you have a neocortex your neocortex is the conscious mind for lack of a better word it is the least informed and the. Last to know anything by the time information reaches your conscious awareness that has been filtered and processed and reprocessed not once not not even hundreds of times.

But thousands even more it's been. So processed and. So refined and. So managed and manipulated that what you get is is barely effect simile of reality okay.

The more we can learn to work with that pre conscious processing that we do and the system that the building blocks of that code the more power we gain over it your mirror neurons are the flip side in that they take whatever you do see through your five senses and they actually cause the purse and watching to have their nervous system actually repeat what it's seeing what do. I mean by that when mirror neurons were. First discovered they were discovered by accident in. Italy there was a research group going researching the brain patterns of monkeys they had monkeys hooked up to these uh.

I think it was a. EGS and maybe some. CT scans and by accident one day one of the monkeys was wired up to the machines and it was watching one of the lab assistants to peel a banana and another one of lab assistants happened to come in and was looking at the machine that the monkey was strapped into and he noticed something he noticed that the parts of the monkey's brain and nervous system that would be operational if he were peeling the banana were firing at the same time he was watching the lab assistant peel the banana. So when.

I'm up here and. I'm walking people through this you see me acting out these things it's not random. I'm acting out exactly what. I want her nervous system to do with the information it's being processed by your mirror neurons scientists have gone.

So far as say the mirror neurons in our body are the physiological component that governs an optic communication and intuitive learning ok. If you want to read up the information on that you can look. Up a book. Called mirror and others the.

Last name of the author is iacoboni with a j ji a co b oh and i believe. But you just type in mirroring others or mirroring people in amazon you should get a whole bunch of books on mirror neurons. So what. I'm doing up here is not metaphysics its high-level neuroscience it's just synergized in a way that makes it user-friendly.

I try to keep away from the terminology bottom line is point to where you feel it be fully absorbed in the process point to where you feel it and notice the color reach in physically you can't you got it physically do this trust me the people who get the least amount of change are the ones who see their and do it like this it can work. I'm not making funny it can work hypnotist do this all the time their linguistic programmers do this all the time. But when you get the meat involved when you get that meat soup acting out the changes you want it to make with that construct that we've created you create a powerful interface between off the different levels of your mind and body and it's a language that all of them understand you can sit there and tell you speak affirmations all day long and maybe it'll work and maybe a won't you start acting out what you want your nervous system to manifest it will happen it will happen okay. I've seen this too many times the only time people don't get changes when they hold back they don't fully engage in the process there's a part of them afraid of being making a fool themselves or being laughed at or looking weird or self-conscious and they don't fully engage in the process and it still works to a certain degree you know what if you have something that's like gonna sit in a scale of 0 to 10 and you go from a 9 to a 7 on the.

First pass is that okay. Just do it again until you zero it out because that's what we did. I've literally taken people who have things at a nine and eight nine scale and we just keep doing this boom boom boom. I had one guy.

I was doing a. Skype session and it was for cancer a cancer tumor and. I actually had to try to treat him over two sessions because he got weird it freaked out the. First time we started doing this he's feeling for this this tumor in his scapula.

I wasn't sure if it was the tumor he was film forward just try to find the pain. But basically was like an eight we did the spin the. First time knocked it from an 8 to a 6 and he gets this weird look. On his face yeah.

So we we wash rinse repeat notice where you feel it notice the color take it out spin it put it back in drop from an 8 or 6 to us to a 4 just like and he's getting visibly agitated now and he's digging for he's looking for it right. So he took. It out we spun it one. Last time dropped it down to it too and now he's really freaking out and.

I left it there. I left it there because. I didn't want him to go into an. Ave reaction or something that he was coming up on the end of the session and we didn't want to go into overtime or whatever and.

I could see he needed some time to assimilate what was going on. So he left it there two weeks. Later took. Two weeks for it to start to come back and the.

Next time the way he was ready for it and we went all the way down was your own as far as. I know it hasn't come back my point is is that a subjective part of it will go away. First and. Then the body will catch up the body is always playing catch-up with the mind does that make sense.

I've used this to take away tumors. I've used this to take away herpes outbreaks chronic constipation phobias fears you name it if you can point to where you feel it in your body find the color take it out and spin it you can change it. However be prepared because when you put it back in and it starts to come up and motions will come up those are the emotions that we're keeping the feeling locked in place now a lot of times it just goes away it doesn't come back there is no. Abreaction there's no.

Emotional purging that's okay. Sometimes it is. So when. I teach this to my therapy students.

I tell them you gotta let them know that that's gonna happen when you do this on yourself and they're certain there's a lot of people in this room have been through this process with me or. I've seen it on. YouTube talk to them who's had this we've done this process with me before just raise your hands during the break talk to these people or have them do it to you if you want a lot of these guys are certified. So by only this take our break come back and we'll get into some really cool stuff.
