Title: domO3Me3o0w.txt
Video Id: domO3Me3o0w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=domO3Me3o0w

Timeline your unconscious mind does not make a distinction between a memory of the past and a memory of the future other than chronologically it must seek to bring into manifestation in your external reality whatever is it must be in anything in your external reality must stay in conformance to your internal belief system okay. In our attractiv seminars we actually have a process called stems whereby we systematically uh uncover your your beliefs you don't know you have and. Then we deal with those we have specific ways of taking on uh characteristics and behaviors and attitudes it's called a magic circle where you can actually through your mirror neurons and your appropriate receptive system you can begin to acquire and install the the the talents and traits of other people who you admire while systematically removing all the parts of yourself that aren't the real you think of it like. Michael.

Angel chipping away the. Marvel to reveal. David right. It's kind of the same process attractiv is a whole.

Silo of techniques designed to systematically remove the bad stuff and help you program your future and become the kind of person you want to be in the process it's a complete. Global shift we'll talk about more about that. But getting back to this whole perceptual thing beliefs you know beliefs you don't know at the beginning of the today talked about. I mentioned something called perceptual filters in a book.

By. Paul emman. I think it's called emotions revealed he talks about something called the emotional refractory period anybody here ever been in a room where or maybe you've been you've just been in a fight or an argument with somebody and for the. Next 20 minutes even after the argument is over anything you say tends to set them off again has anybody ever experienced that yes.

Okay. What happens is when you experience an emotion your unconscious mind. First of all you don't realize you're experiencing the emotion until you're in it what's happened is your unconscious mind has changed your perception emotional states are like living creatures they seek to keep going and. So your unconscious mind will change your perceptual filters it will change what you consciously pay attention to and it will force you to focus on only the things that perpetuate re-trigger or reinforce the state you're in okay.

It's an analog to what we're doing with our timelines whatever we create on the inside of the way reality is supposed to be your unconscious mind will seek to make it match what's out here this is the power of hypnosis. NLP and related disciplines is because we can take the part of your mind that's designed to keep you the same put it off to the side send it out for pizza you know whatever you want to you know whatever metaphor you want to use and we can go in and we can make changes that once we put that filter back in place the unconscious mind will seek to make that real and and change automatically rather than fight that part does that make sense that's kind of what we're doing the whole attractiv. Silo is is about that process on steroids it for lack of a better word no. Drugs involved.

But you may feel like it okay. But it systematically changes you from the inside out it goes right. Back to the most fundamental levels of what created your personality and allows you to tailor them to exactly what you want. So that you become empowered towards the life and the identity that you want to be and it gives you the tools to take on or modify as you see fit it's an extraordinar powerful process we have a few few people here who survived it and who are using it you can talk to them about it um.

So that's kind of what. I've taught you tonight are bits and pieces of what we teach in that seminar. I have not taught that seminar. James what was the.

Last time. I taught that seminar um well you just went over it you. I went through the attractiv silo. I didn't teach the attractiv seminar oh is that well.

I know two years well it started two years ago and we did it again yeah. I think. I've only taught it one other time yeah you did you've done it twice yeah as a separate. Yeah.

So basically uh where was oh. I didn't finish debriefing everybody what did you get from the. Last experience um just watching just watching other people knowing that um when they shift you see it and that's the key is is you don't ask well. First of all there's two things going on there one you're watching them shift.

So you know something's happened the. Second thing is one of the things you you may notice. I keep building into every technique is when you know you've got it when you know it's true only. Then end the process the minute you put that in there in hypnosis jargon we call that a call it ratification or self- ratification the minute they verbally or or in other way signal that the process is done they've proven it to themselves on one level.

But the very. Act of confirming it verbally causes a principle called commitment and consistency to take over and the unconscious mind will bend over backwards to make it happen okay. If you've ever read any of chini's books you hear about the commitment and consistency principle if not pick it up uh in uh influence psychology of persuasion by. Robert chelini uh if you're doing any kind of persuasion work any kind of marketing if you haven't read that book.

Shame on you okay. Um what was it called influence the psychology of persuasion it's a very simple read under outlines. I think six or seven macro principles of influence if you're a copywriter you already know what scarcity is. Right.

Social proof the one that that's least utilized is commitment and consistency. But in terms of what we do that's going to be one of your most powerful ones especially in terms of hypnosis because the minute we we commit to something and we see if if if if you let if you don't let them if you don't make them verbally confirm they can wiggle out of it they can wiggle out your unconscious mind will take any any any break any loophole in the contract it can to not change unless you've really really pressed the emotional hot buttons okay. And. I'm opening a lot of.

Loops. But hopefully. I can close them all relatively quickly remember that you're going through the world projecting ing out into the world what's going on inside our heads we're trying to constantly constantly make what's out here match what's in here most of us are doing it in a very tiring exhausting way we're trying to change everybody else around us when the fastest most efficient way to change everything is to change ourselves on the inside okay. I could give you all the.

Neuroscience that backs this up this is not folklore this is this is the way it works okay. Eve what' you get out of this it was fantastic. I couldn't even understand why. I didn't want to do it to begin with pretty cool huh.

I love what do you do this in trance with somebody they'll go crazy in a good way. I crazy. Ryan. I was this for you it was really interesting uh when she ask me how wanted to at.

First like the popped in mind was as large as. I wanted it to be. I was like why is it big enough and uh. I thought about it.

But the moment it was wi great it less just the light buol kicks on it's just like the juices start to flow and just like it's kind a duh moment and we test this this this protocol was tested on some of the toughest cases out there addicts obsessive compulsives mismatches. Tara would you add it um. I love all this information. I actually don't know if.

I had the procrastination one before you don't. I haven't taught it. I haven't taught it in since 2010 oh okay. Thank you.

First time. I taught it two years um. I just think it's awesome that the shift is pretty instant it makes me want to do the procrastination thing every day when. I wake up you should well actually you might want to see it slips out how we talk to ourselves creates our own resistance there's two kinds of resistance there's what we call.

Psychological reactants and true resistance they are not the same although they tend to look. The same reactant is where in a physical confrontation if. I if. I were to push you you want to push back you want to fight against that push.

But resistance doesn't quite work that way resistance is that that refusal or that push back whenever we sense an attack to our sense of how we view our ourself how we think other people will see us or what we know to be true reactant can occur even if we know that what's being put on us is for our own good and it's something we we wanted to do the moment we sense it's being forced on us in any way we push back that's reactance it's not resistance. But they tend to wear the same clothing. But the the forces of it are are important once you understand that you can start building those things into your presentations into your sales copy and stuff like that some good copywriters do that they talk about how imagine how you'll feel about yourself once you have this product or you've done this program imagine how other people will think about you right. And they car need.

I know this sounds like. BS. But goes back to the truth part right. We instinctively resist what we think what how we if if we instinctively resist anything that changes how we see ourselves how we how we think other people will see us or what we know to be true if.

I if when. I'm born into the world and. I'm told this is a brick and my. First experience of this object is linked to the term brick.

I go to. I go into kindergarten and we start talking about bricks and pens and the things and the teacher goes what's this and. I go it's a brick teacher goes no. It's a pen.

I will go no. It's a brick and. I will fight to make this a brick because that's what was there. First that's what.

I know to be true think about that a lot of good stuff in there okay. All right. So here's the deal how many people here know that. I have a mentoring program that.

I run raise your hand if you know that okay. Um we start did that the. First time we did it again. I don't really start classes to how can.

I say this. I never started any of these meetups as a business. I know that sounds weird. I got into.

I started these meetups because. I like to do cool stuff anybody like to do cool stuff and. I like to hang out with cool people who like to do the same cool stuff. I like to do you guys like to do cool stuff all right.

I think. I'm in the right. Place. But there was.

But there was nobody doing my stuff the stuff. I wanted to do. So. I created a.

Meetup and see who would come that was back in 2009 matter fact. Ryan was one of the. First people. James was like the.

First one to come. Second one. I think something like that and uh after a while people just say well how can. I learn more how can.

I learn more how can. I learn more and. I was like oh boy. I've been this root before for those of you who don't know in 2004 2005.

I was the head of a an organization called. Sleepwalkers. International we were the world's largest self-help. NLP and hypnosis.

Practice. Group we had chapters in 11 countries and like 30. States and um we had we did amazing things it was completely free it was all about people getting together to get better at what they do and it was a great idea and uh. But when.

I left that organization. I was pretty burnout. I didn't want to go that way again turns out the universe wasn't quite done with me. So after after a couple of months of uh you know doing these meetups people started asking me once again how can we learn more how can we learn more how can we learn more.

I said look. I don't want to certify people that's a whole other ball of wax because most of the people who. I see you come out of certifications can't actually do what they're certified in they just can't. So.

I started focusing on giving people skills. I said all right. Here's what we're going to do. I said we'll get together once a month this is how much it'll cost and we'll drill you you come in.

I'll ask you what you want to learn. I'll ask you what you want to learn. I'll ask you what you want to learn. I'll find the.

Connecting. Threads we'll create that that syllabus or that curriculum right. There on the spot and for the. Next four hours we're going to drill you on those skills.

So that by the time you leave you own those skill you can go out and you're either a programmed already to get what you want or you have the skill sets to go and actually do what you said you wanted to do we called that our. NLP power. Mastermind program. I started at a whopping 9 $7 a month it didn't stay that way because it exploded into like 20 people in the.

Next two months do you remember that somewhat or you came a little. Later yeah. But. I've heard about it some other people in the group uh right.

Now um if you wanted to get into that program it's $247 a month one. Third. Saturday of every month we come in here for four hours and we just drill you you know if you want to learn hypnosis techniques we'll teach you hypnosis techniques. But usually it's more applied in other words you want to write better copy.

I'll show you how to use this stuff to write better copy you want to uh work more energetics. I'll show you how to use this stuff for energetics you want to get better at finding your ideal guy. I'll show you how to do that a lot of cool stuff for that by the way um works for both genders. I'll show whatever it is you want to do.

I'll show you how to get better at it faster that's what we do. So right. Now it's at 247 a month we do it like a subscription what that means is. I send you a link you sign up you come as often as you want when you're done hit the cancel button that's all.

However since we started that back in 2009 we graduated some people who' have already gone on into public speaking they're doing their own trainings now as a matter of fact shut up all right. Um and this. December is actually going to be actually this. January is going to be our.

Third year anniversary fourth year anniversary. So. I'd like to give give you guys a gift if you want if any of you would like to experience our. Mastermind.

I'm going to slash this and. I'm going to give you the original rate of $97 a month for as long as you want once a month from 11:00 a.m. to 4: p.m. we get together we go around we find out what you want what you want what you want what you want what you want what you want we find out how they all converge. I'll create that syllabus that learning plan that lesson plan right. On the spot for you and for 4 hours every month.

I will personally drill you on those skill sets until you own them you will work and it will you will have fun you will have a lot of fun. But you will work okay. This is not a mentoring program in which. I have a set curriculum it's a mastermind program which.

I have the tool sets. I have the information you have the outcome. I show you how to get it. So you determine on a monthly basis what you want what you're going to get and you're going to.

Own. It by the time you leave that's my promise to you yes. How many people are in the group at the time and do people come and go through that oh yeah from 11 to four no. Well people come in four they're they're there for the full duration from 11: to 4 and it's usually done um most people stay for quite a while.

But. Then they get what they want they feel they they've moved on and that's fine you know. James has been with me since the beginning you going on what four years now. So yeah.

Tara just started she started it's been like six seven months six or seven months right. Um well compared to. James you just started um because it's not. I mean.

I have certific. I do have. I have. I have the master my mhip which is kind of my baby.

I have certification tracks like this. Saturday this. Thursday. Friday.

Saturday. I'm doing a three-day certification and conversational hypnosis um if anybody's interested in that let me know we do have a couple of slots. But uh week after that. I have 10 11 lawyers coming in for a very specialized training in what they're doing right.

Um and. Then starting the. First of the year we'll be doing a covert hypnosis certification and another hypnotherapy certification. But those are different tracks.

The. Mastermind is not a certification track it's a skill building track okay. I'm going to teach you what you want and need to know as you need to know it that's what makes it very different it's self-directed there is no. Set curriculum does that make sense okay.

For those of you who want to get involved um just write on the back of your your sheet before you hand it in. Mastermind yes. And make sure. I have your email address and.

I'll send you a link for that for those of you who want to get involved what. I'd like to do is. I'd like to give you a little gift it's actually not quite little. I haven't taught the attractiv a process in over two years.

Soup. To. Nuts. I'll do a one- day seminar for you you'll also get 50% discount on all of my certification courses it's across the board.

Mastermind discount if you're one of my ongoing students 50% off every training. I do for the. Next 12 months okay. If you're a paid member in good standing which means.

I like you. I'll be honest is if it's something that resonates with you if it's something that fits in your framework go for it if it's not it's okay. You know. I'm going to raise the price probably tomorrow back to what it normally is and it's worth it even at that because it's about your life isn't it it's about getting what you want.

So let me ask you this. I love this part on a scale of 0 to 10 why might you want to do this. I know. I'm playing with you yes.

Mhm we have to do start signing up in. January in order to get the 97 no. Because we haven't done this month's. Mastermind yet.

So if you signed up tonight you could start like me oh. I'm glad you asked you see that video camera out of town twice listen to me listen to me pay attention you see that video camera every. Mastermind session is videotaped and edited and stored in a membership site. I can watch it in my living room like if.

I you y. I know that. But it's better than not being here at all or you can do the you can come in on a session by session basis. But.

Then it would be full price. I'm fing. I'm not jary. I'm and.

I'm leeting till. May. June. July.

Anyway for those of you are interested that's. I mean. I don't. I don't do big fancy sales pitches if this is something that you're interested in you know it if it's not that's cool just come back to the meetups every month we do cool stuff.

But if you want them you know if you want the full. Soup. To. Nuts get the life you want the way you want it.

So give me an example of like somebody that came in and they have something in mind and the things that you would be able to accomplish within you know. S. I had a gentleman 5 59 years old wife left him for another woman took. Him to the cleaners no.

Self-esteem had no. Prospects people at work were treating him like again technical term and uh in a few in a few sessions his whole life turned around people started to being nicer to him and all he did was change himself we had oh. James. James why don't you talk to tell these people what what you've experienced probably the best thing to do is talk to the people actually been in.

The. Mastermind well for me it's it's a little bit different. CU. I came in with a lot more experience than most people.

But from what. I've seen the people who' just started out. I mean they've gotten incredible skills they really helped themselves in their lives uh this person that we that. David was talking about um you know he was on anti-depressants like that put on presence those um you know which is a big deal because those aren't good for me you know they're just not good for you and.

So you know he's. Chang he's turned his life around his attitude is different things that would would really stress him out things that would bother him that really affected his health are no. Longer doing that and that goes to being able to maintain your attitude and maintain your you know control of how you react to things as opposed to letting things dictate how you act. I we've had other people um you know who done much better in school much better in uh you know we had a gentleman uh.

Jamon. Jamon came to us he was diagnosed as uh he mentally what was the term that. I don't know. I he was.

Anyway bottom line is he came he came to us he was he came from a substance abuse background he was diagnosed uh with a mental disorder he started coming to our masterminds within a couple matter of fact the. First. Mastermind he came to us we were doing uh interview techniques how to how to get any job you want even if you don't qualify for it and uh he had two and he came it was a free. Meetup he had two job interviews the.

Next day he went he took. Our class the. Next day he went out and nailed both interviews they both offered in the job okay. He took.

The skills we gave him and he's he actually got he's a very compassionate guy he started he got a job working with people who had the same kind of diagnosis and kind of problems that he had and he'd been diagnosed no. And been treated rather improperly actually he did a lot of self work using the techniques a lot of the techniques that you learn tonight we used with. Jamon you met. Jamon haven't you tall.

GID talked about energy a lot yeah okay. You know. Jamon yeah okay. Jamon is one of our shining success stories this guy has they not only hired him uh the mental health facility not only hired him they asked him to be the spokesman he goes out lecturing up until recently he went out lecturing to other groups trying as an advocate for their processes um who else uh.

Jason. West. Jason or. Jason.

Parker what's. Jason. West. Jason.

West he he came in he came out of his. NLP certifications he came out of his trainers training and the words out of his mouth were. I felt like. I didn't know anything like everybody knew more than me after 6 months in our.

Mastermind he's running he's successfully running his own train matter he hangs out at your. Mastermind now doesn't he he comes out yeah he's got his own company now group and right. You you haven't you've come to one or two masterminds. But you came mostly to the meetups right.

Yeah what's you came to. CPI the conversation hypnosis yeah exactly and you know for me. I. I love reading.

I'm a gracious learner and we have a lot of ideas swimming around your head it's not always easy to you know apply it and what of course really gave me is a lot of certainty of the exact. Basics that. I need to know. So.

I can build a foundation to place all the other things that. I know was really helpful. So cool and that's actually. Ryan hits on a very cool point you go to an.

NLP certification in. NLP they have this thing called language patterns guys may have heard that term before they teach you 31 different language patterns depending on the school of. NLP you go to. But they don't tell you which ones to use when they don't give you a plan to follow they don't give you a structure that you can apply cross contextually we do that and that's just part of it we teach you do this now do this now do this we teach you things.

Beyond just the basic scope of. NLP we teach you how the. UN nervous system actually works. So that you can actually make use of it on multiple different levels in a lot of different contexts um it's hard for me when.

I'm talking about the. Mastermind it's hard for me to get really really specific because it's self-directed if. I'm talking about. CPI or.

I'm talk which is my conversational hypnosis course or real world hypnosis which is my hypnosis therapy hypnotherapy course. I can get real specific on the benefits my job is to get you what you want by your standards and definitions not mine. So. I'm not happy until you're happy okay.

Tera what about you you. So um. I love helping people that's my um mission in life. So while you're learning to help people you get to actually do that work for yourself and it is.

I've traveled different places in the world uh training with different indigenous cultures theal toet. South. Africa. Egypt.

Ireland. Mexico all those places and. I do know that when you actually put yourself into an experience get outside of your comfort. Fort.

Zone that's where you actually do the transforming that's where you do all the shifting because you're in that space you're taking time especially you know when you're investing in that on whatever level. Then you're going to put that effort in make this huge powerful shift. So it's something that that um keeps you on track. I'll come in and.

I want to learn techniques like. I said to help more people. But it's also things that. I want that we work on too he'll combine all of that for us and he really does go around just like we did at the beginning what do you want to get out of this what are you looking for and uh we have we do actually have fun we go to eat together it's you know we know each other it's just it's a lot of fun to do all this work and we learn like different applications for that spin technique and you can expand upon anything that you want to know he really does lead you down the road that you want to head on and it keeps you on track with that too is.

So. I think it's fantastic thank you. I'll slip you your money. Later.

Anyway. I want to. First of all. I want to thank my people who who've come out over and over again and even more.

So. I want to thank all of you new people for coming out rolling up your sleeves having a great attitude doing the drills and getting the skills because you own it you did the work now go out and make your life everything you want it to be by your standards by your definitions not mine. I'm just here to help if you're interested in. The.

Mastermind talk to me hand in your sheets and uh. I will try to have this edited and uh get the video up and avail aable as quickly as. I can thank you thank you. So this is.
