Title: dOuHqDbHz5k.txt
Video Id: dOuHqDbHz5k
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOuHqDbHz5k

Are we on are we on. YouTube okay. Hello hello hello my friends this is. Dr.

David checking in with you as you can see from our counter that just disappear that uh we've got about uh 32 33 minutes until it's time for uh our amazing and alsoo interesting defense against the dark arts uh anti-c counter manipulation webinar and uh as usual. I wasn't. I don't usually show up live and in person. But my uh my tech guy decided it was better to give you a camera shot.

So here's what's gonna happen um if if this is your. First time checking in with. Planet. David please be sure you have things to write with uh things to write on some caffeinated.

Beverages and some oxytocin stimulating substances is always a good thing for you you're always going to have questions and. I'm cool with that um be sure to state your name and where you're checking in from uh all of the chats from all the different places that we're streaming to get fed into a central chat um box. So to speak. So if.

I see your chat and and and. I see your question and it's relevant to where we're at. I'm happy to answer it uh when the webinar actually starts uh if it's not relevant or. I feel it's going to pull us off in a different direction ction.

I reserve the right. To answer that question a different way maybe it'll be. Later in the webinar maybe it'll be through our chat box maybe. I'll defer that question to some of our planet.

David veterans who will be happy to take you uh in a in a private chat and answer those questions for you that being said if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you probably not the best use your. Next three hours and yes.

I did say three hours because the webinars tend to go a bit long in. Planet. David because we're very big on generating and and and giving you and sharing with you content that is immediately actionable things that you can take out into the world and put directly to use and uh to make your life better right. This webinar is an interesting one because it it's built on our award-winning.

World recognized killer influence. NLP curriculum uh with a slightly different. Focus now on just not not just on how to use ethical influence. But also how to protect yourself from the persuasion predators of the world.

The. Narcissist the. Psychopaths the sociopaths um the misogynists the the the abusers right. As well as the the child.

U child predators and human traffickers and things like that the. First thing that has to happen if we're going to learn how to protect ourselves from these people is we got to learn how to recognize these people and to do that we have to be more proactive in our searches. So this webinar is going to kind of open that door a little bit give you a little bit of insight into how you can begin the process of. Predator proofing your life right.

Um. I love you all. I have. I know you have lots of questions some of which are not relevant to the topic of tonight's webinar and.

I will be happy to answer those questions for you. But uh if you need if you have a question that you absolutely must have an answer to there will be a replay after this webinar goes live. So if you type your questions in the chat in the comments section below this webinar um you'll be able to get those questions answered uh because. I.

I make a habit of checking those chats three four five times a day if you know that there's somebody out there that would benefit from the content of tonight's webinar. Then. Then. I encourage you to like and share um this particular link you can also join us through our.

Zoom channel uh if you want a little bit more rapid uh rapid responses. I guess is a great way to say it uh that being said. I will probably log on a few minutes before the webinar just to kind of reiterate where we're going the our webinars are typically done in three parts we have foundations which is part one and. Then part two is.

Next steps in other words take how do you get the whole enchilada how do you how do you take your training even further and. Then there's part three of the webinar which is application. Phase and applic and part three is one of the most exciting parts of the webinar because that's where we take the foundations that we laid in uh in phase one of the webinar and we actually customize it to the applications you want to know more about as a group right. Obviously if there's three 400 people on a webinar um we can't answer every single question.

But we will take the what the majority wants to know about and customize the content of tonight's training. So that you come away with the exact answers you need to to take the steps you need to to make your life what you want it to be um that being said um please be feel free to to talk in the chat by the way we do have a zero tolerance uh anti-roll policy in effect we actually do have um several people who monitor all of our chats we call them wacka trolls uh and. So um we love questions we love interaction. But if we feel that you're creating a disturbance that's taking away from the tension from the content of the webinar uh especially if we feel you're.

Behaving. Badly um there is a no. Tolerance policy there's not even three strikes anymore if the moderator feels that what you're doing is um not appropriate zap. So again we don't usually have a big problem with that.

But it's important to put these things in place because we want you to have the best experience possible we want you to have undivided attention on tonight's tonight's webinar content. So you can make this best decision about what to use how to use it when to use it and what steps to take. Next to take your training further um that's about all. I can think of right.

About now um be sure to block out enough time to watch the webinar and to participate one of the things you're going to find is that the. I'm a as as far as being an instructor goes. I'm very big on audience participation and. So the more you interact with me the more you do these drills the more you'll have the experience that you need to have that will open doors for you that will allow you to to embody this material and take it out into the world and use it.

So. I want you to have a fun playful energy. I will see you in about 20 27 minutes give or take uh for an interesting and fascinating. Deep dive into the worlds of persuasion on the dark side and the right.

Side we'll see you soon this is. Dr. David over and out take care hey folks. Dr.

Dr. David checking in with you as you can see on the counter we've got about three minutes until zero hour. So. I'm just going to give you my pregame warmup again make sure you have pens papers things to write on.

WR with make sure you have lots of caffeinated beverages or something that's going to keep you wide awake brigh eyed and bushy tailed make sure you have something that's going to facilitate enhanced neuroplasticity that you can consume throughout the webinar be ready to do the drills and get the skills there's going to be three ways you can get your questions answered you can ask it in the chat if. I see it. I'll answer it you can keep asking it in the chat and if. I don't see it and don't answer it.

I'm going to ask my veterans to answer it and. Then. Finally if you uh really want an answer to that question and. I didn't catch and.

I didn't catch it. Then what you need to do is at the when this replay goes live go to the comment section below this uh below this video type your question in and. I promise you within 72 hours. I will answer that question or point you in the direction of where to get that question answered for those of us uh joining us from all over the world world and through different platforms welcome uh this.

I'm coming primarily through zoom and from from. Zoom to restream and from restream everywhere else. So um. I'll be logging on in just a moment to give you a little bit more administrative stuff.

But. I wanted to just welcome everybody. First and foremost and just keep in mind that this is a a pretty powerful webinar it's got a lot of information in it. But it's also got a lot of drills and if you want to get the most out of it you want to do the drills follow my instructions obey my dire.

CS. So you can have an experience that will change you for the rest of your life and give you the ability to go out into the world uh more confident more fearless and able to get the things you want and keep other people from stealing the things that you want to keep for yourself uh it is kind of a it is one of those uh self-defense kind of webinars. But we're gonna we're going to walk that tight rope between ethical influence and unethical influence and show you the building blocks for preventing the persuasion predators of the world for getting a foothold in your life or if they've do have a foothold in your life at least give you a process for moving them out of it uh that being said we've got about 2 minutes till zero hour if you haven't used the restroom yet. I recommend you do it uh our webinar is going to come in three phases foundations.

Next steps and application um. So for the. First the phase one will. Last about 55 to one hour and 15 minutes.

Then we're going to go into phase two which is the programs we put together for you. Then we're going to circle back pick up on phase one and finish with applications specific things that you guys shown by raising your hands and um and and feed and interacting with me what you really want to learn most about. So that um you can get the most from tonight's webinar okay. Um.

Al's asking is there a way to record this. So. I can replay it for a better there will be an uh. YouTube will automatically uh create a replay for this uh we are recording this webinar and it will be available through other platforms or on our website.

So if you can't get it through. YouTube you can you'll find it you'll be able to probably find it in the blog section or the podcast section on the. NLP power.com website um. So yeah we're going to start in about less than 60 seconds.

So give me a minute to kind of get my stuff together and we'll jump in stay tuned hello hello hello my friends welcome this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you uh let me go ahead and stop screen sharing here there we go and uh before.

I go any further moss do. I are we recording on yours or do. I need to recorded on my end okay. Welcome welcome welcome to weapons of social seduction defense against the dark arts of persuasion and the.

Art and. Science of ethical persuasion how to avoid your uh taking how to avoid being the victims of persuasion predators of the world okay. I'm. Dr.

David. Snider and tonight for the. Next two and a half three hours or. So.

I'm. G to be your host as we go through one of the most fascinating fields of human endeavor that. I've ever come across and that is the the field of persuasion influence and manipulation right. Today is all about learning how where's where's that line between ethics uh and and unethical persuasion behavior and how can you learn the tools and techniques for getting everything you want without.

Crossing that line and when you come across people who for them that line is just an interesting idea or in some cases an obstacle how do you file how do you spot those people before they have a chance to really get a foothold in your in your life right. So. First foremost before we get into um anything further. I'm going to look.

At my chats uh and go through some administrative stuff it shouldn't take more than a few minutes um. So please. I beg your indigence because our webinars are not standard a lot of times you log into a webinar it's like 90 minutes of te's te's te's te's maybe one or two interesting things that you can't do anything about right. And.

Then they say if you want all the sers you want all the the. Hands-On mentoring pay $50,000 for my uh. Mondo supro. Mega.

Platinum uh. Ultra. Tech coaching program and you can have those answers maybe right. That's not what this is about tonight is all about delivering you hardcore solid actionable.

Mater material that you don't have to believe for it to work you just have to do it it's about giving you experiences and giving you and arming you with facts and information that you can do something with out in the real world now one of the things you got to understand is uh the key in that. Last phrase was do something in the world there's two ingredients to success they also happen to be two of people's biggest most vulnerable points when it comes to persuasion and manipulation the two. Mo key ingredients to success are an identity that supports you becoming the person who can have the things you want and the ability to take the actions the willingness to take the actions to make the changes that move your life forward these are the two key ingredients to success they are also two of the key targets that persuasion. Predators will use or take advantage of to keep you stuck or to groom you into certain types of behavior.

So. I want you to understand that you need to make your strengths your your identity and your action-taking ability. Unstoppable uh not just. So that you can be more successful in your own right.

But. So that the people who are trying to weaken your identity the people who are trying to scare you into not taking action or belittle you into not taking action or to only take the actions they want you to take they don't they can't get a foothold. So this is a very interactive webinar. I just want you to know that.

But. I do have some some administrative stuff that. I want to kind of jump into really quick. So.

First and and foremost if this is your. First time in. Planet. David is this this is your.

First webinar in. Planet. David. I want you to type your name uh and where you're checking in from and.

First time in the chat go ahead and do that okay. Uh if you're a veteran if you're a planet. David veteran. I want you to type in um how long you've been in.

Planet. David where you're checking in from and what your name is because. I have a job for the veterans. So we got.

Jessica bigs checking in. Nashville. Tennessee. Mandy's coming in.

Al. Watson's here. I got. Seth.

Seth's. Seth's been in the. Seth's been in. Planet.

David longer than. I have it feels like. Michael. Kelly from.

Reno. Checking in with us uh we got. Nathaniel vaner four years from. Toronto we got some good people here good good good maryn lost count of the years.

Linda. Sullivan's checking in how about you folks out in. YouTube land. I see.

Kelly. I see. Mary. I see.

Mr. Liam. I see lioness there's veteran three years salute two and a half years in. Planet.

David excellent you guys who are veterans ladies and men and ladies and and those of you of indeterminate gender. I have to say that. I live in. California my job here's my job for you the new people are going to have questions if they ask a question for whatever reason.

I don't address it. I don't answer it. But you have direct experience using the. Technologies you've learned in.

Planet. David. I want you to take a moment and just reach out to them and answer their question answer their question tell them how it's ch you you used our. Technologies to solve that problem right.

People expect me to say our stuff's the greatest think and sliced bread and and if you just follow my instructions and obey my commands. Then you'll own. Thanos says. Infinity.

Gauntlet and the world will be your oyster right. We all know that. But. I want you to tell people how what you've learned through.

Planet. David and the trainings and the teachings and and the channel itself have enhanced your life. I want to say hi to shout out to. Mia our amazing administrative goddess who's in both the.

YouTube chats as well as the zoom chat our administrative demigod. Moss. Lightman is also our. Tech.

Mogul who's making sure that. I look. Good and things don't get screwed up he saved my bacon a few times. So these are the people you'll be reaching out to they're also in charge of playing wacka trol.

Duty what does that mean that means if you're behaving badly on on the channels or the chats they'll come in swoop out of nowhere like a an avenging. Angel and poof out into the void you'll be cast right. So be sure that if you're going to participate you participate in a way that enhances everybody's experience usually our people are really well behaved. But it goes without saying hey it's an open it's an open to the public webinar right.

Uh and. So. I'm going to give you some really powerful very actionable stuff phase one of our webinar is going to be very very simple we're going to lay the foundations we're going to teach you the things you absolutely need to know we're going to put you through a set of exercises and drills designed to give you direct experiences. So you can feel what these techniques do and how you can begin to use them ethically right.

Then we're going to show you we're going to start talking a little bit about the other side of the fence we're going to start talking about okay. How do people who don't really have that ethical component in their life abuse these techniques what's their profile what do they look. Like um you know how do you spot these people what what what are the characteristics that um flag somebody who is what we call character. Disturbed sociopathic antisocial those kinds of things how do they select their victims right.

What are some things that you can begin to do to to protect yourself from these persuasion. Predators okay. Uh let's see here okay. So that's phase one right.

Phase two is all about. Next steps right. If this is the scope of everything there is to learn in this field in tonight's webinar we have time for this. So my commitment to you in the time that we have together my commitment to you is.

I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as humanly possible. I will teach you and share with you as much as.

I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next steps is that a a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade type that's fair. I'm okay.

With that in the chat go ahead and do that okay. Okay. M. Michelle's with me.

Greg's with me excellent excellent excellent okay. Perfect all right. So let's start talking about ethical persuasion where what is ethical persuasion what is not ethical persuasion. So.

First and foremost in my world everything. I do is about getting people to choose what's right. For them. However.

I do that as long as. I'm not deceiving them or removing. Choice from their world and they come out of it better. I get what.

I want they get what they want that to me is a win-win. So one of the things that one of the very. First things that we're going to talk about today is this understanding of emotional bonding now emotions are super super powerful in our lives um for most people people without training your emotions pretty much rule your life and. I'll tell you the truth that's actually true even if you are trained the difference is is people who our train can manage their emotions better.

But we're buffeted by emotions constantly and the more emotion that we're that we're uh flooded with the more rapidly we lose our abilities to make rational decisions and even the most logical rational person in the world still needs their emotions to make a decision um one of the things they discovered in people who had traumatic brain injury is that when people had their. Corpus colosium severed does everybody know what. I mean when. I say.

Corpus colosium if you know type yes. If you don't know type no. And. I'll.

I'll explain it okay. Mary says yes. Jessica says no. Okay.

So you have a right. Hemisphere of your brain and a left hemisphere of your brain and right. Between those two hemispheres is a little. Bridge right.

That little bridge that that connects the right. And left hemispheres of your brain is called the corpus collosum the right. Side of your brain has a more emotional uh job in other words it's more of an emotion sensitive holistic kind of uh part of your brain the left side of your brain did. I get that right.

Yeah. I think of the left side of your brain which controls the right. The right. Right.

Side of your body is. The. Logical linear thinking part it's the part that we think of as being the rational lying brain the problem that we have is that when people have their. Corpus colosium.

SE separed when they separate their emotion from their logic or their rational their rationality believe it or not they actually lose the ability to make a decision in other words you need your emotional side to make decisions the problem with that the the flying the ointment. So to speak is that when we're buffeted by emotion when our system is overwhelmed by neurological arousal which is any form of emotion positive or negative the more you bombard the system the more stressed out you make it whether positively or negatively the more rapidly the parts of your brain that analyze judge uh that can make better decisions based on data they turn off okay. So what happens many times is these persuasion predators of the world they're going to come in and they're going to knock you off your emotional gain they're going to either saturate you with positive emotion or they're going to saturate you with negative emotions or they're going to they're going to compress certain processes one of the ones that. I discovered very early on that you really have to watch out for is people who try to become that you've met them 10 minutes ago and an hour.

Later they're telling you that you guys are like soulmates be very very wary of of people who try to compress that friendship cycle okay. One of the things that social. Predators like to do is they like to take you from stranger to best in the shortest amount of time possible they're going to do as many things as possible to get you to rely on them and see them as a support system okay. So.

I'm not saying that when you meet somebody you don't and you feel this absolute genuine connection that it's false right. I'm saying when you feel that genuine connection a part of you should step back and start evaluating what's happening. So you can determine if that emotion that you're feeling. However genuine it might seem isn't being engineered does that make sense this is something that again it takes training to do um.

But it's something. I want you to to start to be aware of. So does that make sense does everybody um is everybody with me on that that's your okay. And and.

B being being who. I am and what. I do for a living and being a. Stones.

Throw from. Los. Angeles and. Hollywood.

I get approached all the time by these kinds of people right. Uh. So again the more the more you have to offer somebody the more likely you are to be approached and [Music] um a. Target.

I guess is a good way no. Notice. I say. Target not necessarily a victim because a victim means that you basically fallen for the uh you've fallen for the tactic right.

But we're targeted all the time and if you really if you. I mean. I think a lot of you are already aware of the the sheer amount of um psychological attacks we are being subjected to minute by minute by minute in our current. Society right.

Um it's it's it's a it's just mind-blowing no. Pun intended uh how much we are being bombarded by all of these messages designed to knock us off our emotional base okay. That being said emotions are also your superpower they're one of the most powerful forces that you have if you know how to manage and direct them appropriately and. So one of the things that we need to do is we we need to start asking different questions not not is persuasion or manipulation bad.

But where is the line between ethical persuasion and. E an unethical persuasion and in my world um it comes from creating pain in people or deceiving them that's or or creating an imbalanced uh an imbalanced result in other words if if. I go in and. I use my persuasion skills which are not small to to leave somebody worse off than.

I found them that to me is unethical persuasion if. I have to deceive somebody to get them to do what. I want that is unethical persuasion okay. But if.

I can create a process that allows me or you to discover what it is you really really want and how you know you're getting it and. I can show you a very clear path. I can walk you through a very clear process that reveals to you how to get everything you want by doing what. I want and we both get what we want and we both feel good about each other afterwards that to me is the is the very heart of ethical persuasion can does anybody here resonate with that does anybody have anything different that they might um they might feel is needs needs adapting.

I don't usually ask this question. But this is a a very interesting webinar because. I don't teach this one very often um because these are things that again. I don't want the bad guys knowing because.

Then they'll come up with countermeasures right. Resonates okay. So my goal here is is to full really my goal is to teach you the the nuts and bolts of ethical honest win-win persuasion a a system of of universal communication and influence and transformation that allows you to move through the world getting everything you want by helping everybody else get what they want. But at the same time teaches you how to identify and protect yourself against the people who are going to cross those lines the people who have no.

Compunction against lying coercing misrepresenting um or other forms of deceptive or manipulative behaviors right. One of the ones that. I'm gonna. I shouldn't really talk about this.

But. I'm. I'm going to give it to you right. Up front um how many of you ever heard of a guy named.

Milton. Ericson if you have type. I. I have in the chat if you haven't it's okay.

Um okay. Some of you have some of you haven't for those of you who've never heard of a guy named. Milton. Ericson.

Milton. Ericson is hailed as the father of modern conversational hypnosis okay. Now one of the tactics that uh. Dr.

Ericson developed in his clinical practice that. Later became a staple of the um. I won't call them the. Sith persuad.

ERS of the world. But the military persuaders of the world uh one of the things he developed was something called a confusion pattern or a confusion induction and. So a handful of people got got a hold of these confusion. Concepts and weaponize them and.

So they would teach people how to walk into like a. Starbucks or a uh you know a convenience store and scramble a person's brain for a fraction of a. Second using these confusion patterns which makes them hypers suggestible and. Then walk out with free coffee free food whatever now.

I'm going to be right. Up front and tell you that that is highly effective it's highly effective. But if you apply that technique to the standards we're talking about on this webinar is it ethical or unethical what do you think right. Why why would it be unethical stealing okay.

But is it stealing if she gave it to you if she voluntarily gave you something that you asked her for okay. Ah there it is all right. No. Consent not working in their best interests in my world.

I teach something called instant and rapid inductions and when. I in my in my hypnotherapy classes my hypnotherapy certifications. I tell my students that if you can walk up to about if you walk up to 10 people about six to eight of them if you do an instant induction they'll go in to the induction a good chunk of them will bounce right. Back out.

But about a. Third of them will stay there. But if you do an instant rapid induction on somebody without permission it's called ass salt right. When you deploy a confu a deliberate confusion induction you're assaulting a person's psyche you're deliberately intentionally throwing them into an altered state that that makes them hypers suggestible now that in and of itself is is kind of aggressive now.

I'm not going to pass judgment because there are certain and here's why. I'm not passing judgment on that there are certain applications where that approach is absolutely appropriate they're just not the ones that most of us are going to deal with okay. If you're um trying to break a terrorist or if you're trying to interrogate a bad guy or something along those lines and you need to crack that nut that kind of an approach may be very appropriate. But one of the things you'll notice about those applications it's not a win-win right.

The idea behind these the way most of these these patterns are being deployed is a win- loose situation in other words you're leaving that person at the very least no. No. Better off than have having interacted with them. So.

I want to. I want to. I want to make very two very very clear points about certain things they work. But do they fit your model of ethical versus unethical influence and.

I'm not a persuasion cop and. I can only teach you the lines. I've drawn for myself. So that's the point.

So. I wanted to give you an example of what somebody who's another way of another another way that um influence can be used unethically is by installing limiting beliefs or inappropriate suggestions in people uh that limit them in some way. So one of the things that a lot of persuasion. Predators will do now you don't have to be trained in covert hypnosis for this to happen most of your um most of your manipulators actually know how to attack self-esteem and chip away at your self-image until the only sense of self you have comes from their validation they use emotion they use words to chip away at the building blocks of your self-esteem and and your value as a human being until only their words matter that and they'll also systematically cut you off from your support systems.

So if you know somebody who's constantly pecking at yourself as who's constantly judging you who's trying to separate you from your family your friends the things you love the things that give your life meaning these should all be red flags for you does that make sense okay. All right. So that's my opening don't marry them yes. Don't marry them right.

So again let's take that. Predator stuff put it off to the side it's tough to get out of yes. It is yes. It is because they've done two things that.

I told you you need to have for success in life you need an identity that supports it and you need the ability and willingness to take an action both one feeds the other. So. I want you to understand this is one of the. First keys that.

I want you uh to really embody there's an action identity feedback loop in every human being if. You' ever noticed that sometimes when you're you're feeling less than worthy less than confident um like you're just not quite capable of something. But you have to do it. Anyway that the minute you get up put on your big girl or big boy pants and you start doing it and you finish it you ever notice how you feel that you might feel much better about yourself if you've ever had that experience type.

I've had that's me in the chat okay. Consequently when you felt good about who you are when you felt confident when you were certain in your ability to make something happen how much hesitancy did you have in taking action did you have a lot of hesitation or did you just go let's go do this exactly. So there's a feedback loop here that. I want you to understand because it underlies your ability to not only protect yourself against these bad guys.

But let's put the bad guys over here no. I'll put it back over here all right. All right. So.

But it also ows you to be successful in the world okay. Remember the predators of the world will overwhelm you with emotion attack your identity and your belief system and. Then try to dictate what actions you could take and what actions you can't the more powerfully you gain control of that system and understand it the more the more difficult it is for predators to manipulate you does that make sense is this useful okay. So let's talk about this action identity thing really quick because.

Then. I want to start giving you some really hardcore stuff. First and foremost um the two big factors to success is the identity you have a belief system that belief system has levels to it you have spiritual beliefs identity beliefs values beliefs um. Behavior beliefs capabilities beliefs and environmental beliefs it's like a big pyramid right.

And there's you can divide those beliefs in that hierarchy into two sets there's beliefs you're conscious of and beliefs you're not conscious of. So you have to have a sense of identity and belief that supports who you want to be and who you want to become now that becomes really really important when we want to ethically influence other people okay. Why is that because everybody who who is is is aware of their values has a little checklist that they carry around inside their head that determines if that value is being met now human beings are emotionally driven to satisfy their values right. Are you guys clear on what.

I said human beings are values driven they have a checklist that lets them know if that value is being satisfied or not and they're driven to satisfy those values is that everybody on the same page with that ethical persuasion ethical influence regardless of what technique you're using is all about finding out what a person's values are what they want both in terms of the checklist and the feelings that it gives them and marrying that to what you want them to do that you offer. So for example if. I'm going to talk to you about um the perfect house okay. What.

I want to know is what's important to you about the perfect house right. Is it a big backyard is it close to schools is it have how many floors does it have that's the checklist three floors big backyard uh close to schools. I can check those boxes. But what.

I don't know is what's the emotional value of a big backyard deal. What feelings does it allow you to experience what what's the emotional value or the feeling coming from a a house that's close to schools right. So we have the checklist the the three floors the big backyard the close to schools. But.

Then we have deeper levels of that the meaning that we assigned to it and if. I understand what those are. I can look. At me my products my services.

I can evaluate what. I'm off offering my clients or my prospects or my mates or my partners and if. I have the ability to satisfy that all. I have to do is talk to them about those aspects of myself my product my service that directly satisfy those needs and if.

I just do it enough times you will decide on your own accord that what. I offer you is exactly what you wanted most to to get those feelings that you covet that you that you really really searching for. So by doing what. I want you to do you get everything that you want and there's no.

Lying cheating or stealing do you guys understand the big picture. Okay. So again. I this is a big interactive webinar in your own words and two or three sentences just type in the chat what you believe.

I meant lonus of guia says that's me big girl pants uh. Mary says supply and demand or withhold in control when perverse motives okay. Now. I will be as you're typing that.

I will be upfront with you people who don't the evil people of the world who who who who don't have that ethical. Line in the. Sand they will happily use this same tactic even when they can't can't. Supply what they're promising that's not who we are that's not what we do right.

In fact. I often go the opposite way like under promise what these. Technologies do because. I'm.

So anti- [ __ ] right. Okay. Uh let's see offering my services based on what they need with their values list yes. Very good.

Al uh let's see. Mary saying know what they want align that with your own needs. Des yes. Very good listening to someone finding out what they say is important to them what yes.

Very good this is what this takes us from the art of persuasion to the art of relationships when you approach people utilizing this process it creates a very powerful deep level emotional value driven bond between you and this person it's a bond that in many cases is. So strong if it's in a sales context they will ask you to buy if it's a relationship context they will salivate just thinking about being with you okay. It gives you a road map to follow okay. So everything that we're doing going forward that.

I'm going to teach you is in the context of everybody gets what they want and are happy now keep in mind that there are applications there are situations and circumstances where a win-win is simply not possible either because the person that you know you're dealing with has malevolent or. Ultra selfish intentions they don't want to compromise they don't want you to have anything or there's a value that's being violated that this other person wants you to. Coss a line that this person wants you to cross that you're not willing to do that and. So the action piece in any of these relationships becomes and an identity piece in this relationship become very very important because now you have to have an identity a belief system about yourself and who you are and what you deserve strong enough to be willing to walk away even when people are dangling all these carrots in front of you you that you think you want.

But to get those carrots you'd have to cross a line does that make sense now you'll notice. I keep asking is this useful is it helpful it's not because. I'm neurotic it's because. I'm comprehensive.

I want to make sure that what. I'm delivering to you is in in harmony with what you came here to learn does that make sense all right. Right. So.

I'm going to ask you a bunch of questions really quick if any of this sounds like something you want to learn more about just type that that's me in the chat you guys ready how many of you here by a show of that's me in the chat would like to be more attractive to the opposite sex anybody how many of you would like to maybe find them have you have them find you charming irresistible and fascinating would that be cool how many of you would like to stop being afraid and banish insecurity from your life and move through the world just being a lot more confident and certain about who you are and the world you live in yes. Okay. Good how would you like to make more money book. More clients for your business get that raise you know you deserve sound good how many of you would like to protect yourself from the bad guys of the world the bad guys who are trying to take your stuff make you pay more give you less remove the life and the.

Joy from. The. Joy from your life raise your hands if that's you how would you like have how would you like to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to. So they naturally follow your lead how would you like to be a better leader better manager right.

Would you like to program yourself for massive. Financial abundance with more than enough to do with the things you want to do type it in the chat would you like to have the ability to make anyone like trust and admire you on command nail any job interview or or uh performance review that you go to type it in the chat it's all in the webinar if you understand the core of what. I'm teaching you you're going to be able to do all these things and a whole lot more okay. If you're if you're in any form of leadership or management position you like to be able to inspire your employees your children even your spouse to do what you want them to do and feel good about it type it in the chat right.

If. You' like to surround yourself with real friends trustworthy friends loyal friends who support you and and and and give you the the system that the the the the support structure that you really need who have values similar to yours well would now be a good time time to type that in the chat right. All right. If you answered yes.

To two or more of these questions you are in the right. Place okay. So let's talk about the most one of the most important factors in any form of influence and persuasion and that's called attention remember this regardless of what side of the fence you're on attention is the currency of all relationships if you're if if someone's not paying. P attention to you your ability to influence them drops.

So my question is if see if they can't if they're not paying attention you can't connect they can't connect they can't understand if they can't understand they can't obey what if there was a way to grab somebody's attention and keep it for as long as you wanted have them do the mo majority of the talking and have them think you are the most fascinating person they've ever met would that be useful okay. So. I'm gonna give you two things right. Off the bat.

First. I'm. G to give you a secret master key to being dramatically good at everything. First thing.

So. First one is be playful the studies show that when you approach anything with a fun playful easy going attitude you're 30% more perceptive 30% more creative 30% more adaptable up to 31% uh more intelligent and the people you're interacting with are up to 30% more compliant now remember you came here for two reasons. I would imagine one to protect yourself from the bad guys yes. And two to learn how to be one of the good guys and get everything you want would that be true yes.

Or yes. All right. That particular that particular um statistic comes from a field of of human influence known as hostage negotiation. FBI uh scientists and researchers discovered that when the hostage negotiator was approached the interaction with an easygoing playful let's see what happens kind of an energy he was up to 31% better at everything everything awareness creativity problem solving intelligence yada y y conversely or complimentarily the bad guy the hostage taker was up to 31% more compliant.

So what would you do if you could just bump your the level of compliance you got in your life the level of the number of yeses you got in your life by 30% what could you do with that would that make a difference yeah right. So the secret to this is learning how to cult. Cate a default state of playfulness right. Learn how to step into that energy and embody it and move through the world seeing the.

L the world through that lens kiss of death is taking yourself too seriously seriously right. So let's do that. First shall we. So.

I want you guys if you're gonna uh we're going to do a drill. U. Mary. Mark is saying that stat sounds.

So similar to what's in the book. Never split the difference that's right. Mark they they sound familiar because that's where. I got them right.

I'm a. I'm a student just like everybody else my job is to just make things more user friendly for you okay. Uh. Chris voss's work is absolutely cool as hell right.

Love it um. So everybody stand up if you can and as you stand up now if you're driving. I don't want you to do this right. If you want to if you want want to do this this process and you're driving or operating heavy equipment or machine or something that that requires your full and undivided attention stop what you're doing turn off the equipment make sure it's safe and in a non-operational condition pull off to the side of the road put on your fourways roll up your windows whatever you got to do.

But don't opt don't don't do this drill that we're doing while you're um doing something else right. So. I want you to everybody to kind of stand up close your eyes. And.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you were the most playful and curious ever when you were having the best time of your life now. I don't care what you were doing or who you were with right. I just want it to be a time when you are absolutely free and playful just not attached to the outcome just having an amazing time. I want you to close your eyes.

I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment breathe the way you were breathing see what you were seeing hear what you were hearing smell and taste what you were smelling and tasting because when you do that when you're in that playful place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of being absolutely free playful and. I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that right. Wherever it is close your eyes.

Look. At that that feeling in your body with your inner eyes. And notice that there's a color connected to those feelings what color or colors would that be for you. First impression and whatever it is.

I want you to take a moment imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head and. I want you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of playfulness of fun of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all bummers all downers real or imagin well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that.

I want you to go ahead and breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead when you know what locked in you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes.

Type in the chat how different you feel tell me what you discovered. Jessica raises her hand everyone can see and feel like got it light youthful happy. Golden. Light awesome how fast was that you feel taller yeah fast yeah right.

Now what do you think would happen if you practiced that exercise that drill for five 10 minutes a day three or four times a day you think you would start to become a little bit more playful as a default a little bit more easygoing you think the people in your life might start to notice and feel different around you this is called um. State these are state state controled rules what we just did was called color game or version of it okay. The idea here is that the fastest way to change a person's decision is to change their. Consciousness or their their mental or emotional state okay.

We don't make decisions based on facts we make decisions based on how we feel at any given moment. So if we want to change a person's way of making decisions all we have to do is change their emotional states and we do that by changing their body feelings the fastest way to change another person's body feelings is to change yours. First right. So you have two aspects to this you have the intrapersonal aspect of it where my life and my health are just going to get better the more.

I can embody a playful state. But the interpersonal aspect of this is the more. I embody that fun playful. State the more it radiates out to everybody around me and they start to feel it too and.

So the moment that energy hits them it starts to change their. Consciousness and they start to lapse into that. FBI process we talked about. I'm in a fun easygoing.

State they become more fun and easygo goinging they become more what compliant more open did. I do anything to them no. I changed me you're allowed to do anything you want to yourself right. You are the you you know your body your mind your choice right.

You are the god or goddess of your reality you're the king or queen of your universe and you are the center of it. So the moment you embody these feelings emotions are contagious they they radiate out and they start to vibrate other people it's picked up by their mirror neurons and their state starts to change okay. Questions about what. I just typed questions about.

I okay. Very good okay. So what. I've just given you here is a drill that if you practice it every day you're going to get better and better at everything else right.

The secret is posture and breathing you got to be standing in a way that is is a reminder of a good feeling or a good experience that you've had you've got to breathe those colors through your body right. Um. Patricia go ahead and type your question if. I can if it it's not going to ract us.

I'll answer it is this useful yes. Or yes. Okay. Excellent okay.

The. Next thing. I want us to do is. I want now this by itself will automatically make you more charismatic it'll make you more charming and socially eloquent just having that fun relaxed playful energy people's defenses will automatically dissolve and lower if you move through the world from this place right.

So they'll already become more and more predisposed to listening to what you have to communicate the. Next thing. I want to talk about is probably one of the most powerful language techniques. I've ever come across it will simultaneously literally force a person's neurology to pay attention to you to the exclusion of everything else it eliminates the ability or the the need to make small talk and it will.

Prime the person you're doing it with to like love trust and give you more and more and more information. So you know how to talk to them and what to say to them that makes them want to do the things that you want them to do would that be a useful skill to learn yes. Or yes. Okay.

Some of you know the technique. I'm about to talk about. But for those of you who don't this is called on where is it the echo technique and this is all about how to gain maximum attention and minimum time the echo technique my friends is in fact the most powerful way for one human being to communicate with another human being it work it tends to work best oneon-one. But if you can uh elicit a um a set of values from a crowd you can use a similar technique to this which we're going to teach you in a little bit for talking to whole groups of people.

But this is one of the ways one of the most powerful word the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are are the words that just came out of their mouth okay. Let me repeat that two more times because. I want you to write this down the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the ones that just came out of their mouth okay. How many of you let me jump out of the.

PowerPoint really quick how many of you by show of hands in the chat have ever been at a party okay. How many of you have been at a party it's noisy lots of people you're on one side of the room here and all the all the way on the other side of the room somebody's having a conversation maybe they're backs to you right. And they they mention your name and. So from across the room over here through a noisy room with somebody's back to you you hear your name you turn and look.

Anybody ever done that anybody ever done that yeah. WTF. Whiskey. Tango.

Fox. Tru what happened there it's very simple you have different divisions to your nervous system and each one has a priority your conscious mind is listening to my words your emotional mind is paying is is is tapping into what it's going to get right. How it's what's the emotional payoff what's how is this going to help me get my values right. Your reptile brain that that most.

Primal part of you is scanning the room for anything that it might impact your reproductive capacity your ability to get food or your survival and. So when you're over here consciously focused on a conversation your reptile brain is scanning the room it's pinging every conversation going on trying to find anything relevant to itself and the moment it hears your name boom it pings you and you start and you turn and you look. Your unconscious mind controls the show. I need you.

I need you to be very clear on this because this is where the core of everything. I'm going to teach you comes from your autonomic nervous system is driving the bus regardless of what your conscious mind thinks your unconscious mind your deep subconscious mind is controlling the bus when you use a person's very own words when. I speak to you okay. When.

I speak to you there's a an uncountable number of processes going on there's filters going on there's a sizing of data everything that. I'm trying to communicate is being compressed through a series of filters and molds into something we call words or language and. Then. I speak those words now.

I want you to think of the words coming out of somebody's mouth like a key a key that will unlock them. So when you when a person is is speaking to you those words have been assessed validated processed and approved by every layer of that person's neurology from the reptile brain all the way up through the lyic system and out the neocortex to your voice box. So when they hear those words coming back to them it goes right. In without the need for translation filtering or processing and because that key matches their lock it matches every emotional need and desire and drive that they have conscious or unconscious the moment somebody perceives themselves coming back to them their attention locks in like a laser beam and that locking in like a laser beam gives you unlimited access to everything in their nervous system if you know how to how to write that software does that make sense even if it doesn't that's how it works now this phenomena has been validated by at least two or three independent sources it was validated by the.

FBI it was validated by. David. Grove it was validated by. Alexander penin in his study on honest signals out of.

Stanford. University this is this is the science all right. When you use somebody's words you're signaling irresistible messages of sess understanding attention validation to every part of them that most needs and wants it they're being fed in a way that they rarely get fed and. So they zero in on you like a starving man looking at a buffet now the best part about that is is that the longer you talk using their words the more they want to embellish and elaborate on on what you said to them how many people here uh is this your.

First time hearing the echo technique if it's a. First time hearing the echo technique type. First time in the chat okay. If it's not your.

First time if you've been using the echo technique type veteran in the chat. Gregory says. First time. Al says.

Al says fet okay. What those of you who've used the echo technique when you've used the echo technique what happened. Denise is. First time okay.

Great got a lot of first- timer that. Ed up says works well veteran used it happily. King says. But understandable used it creates.

Rapport others do what. I want instant. Rapport the person pays more attention to you that's right. What did.

I say about attention attention is the currency of relationships okay. When you you use a person's very own words in their conversation they can't not pay attention to you the best part is the when you use this technique with them they're going to want to talk more and that's great because the longer they talk the deeper a relationship they're creating in their minds and bodies with you the more. Rapport you have the more. Vindication the more validation that you have right.

And they're going to continue to give you more and more and more information. So that you can navigate and persuade them to do what you want them to do in an ethical honest way does that make sense okay. It's a very simple technique teque it's. So simple people say this can't possibly work that way.

I challenge you to go out and try and get caught. I challenge you to go out and try now here's a secret to this if you do this with the right. Mindset even when you get caught it doesn't matter what is the right. Mindset the right.

Mindset is. I use this technique because it is the most neurologically evolutionarily pleasurable and desirable way for one human being to communicate with another human being being when you give this to people when you do this with people you are giving them the gift of feeling heard understood validated approved of and you're doing it in such a way that they want to give you more right. How many of you have ever met somebody that just made you feel stupidly good just every time you were around them anybody. Al says non- judged absolutely did you often find yourself making up excuses to just spend more time with those people yes.

Or yes. Why why not be that person now. I will warn you this is really powerful it's really easy you got to use it with respect because if you're doing this on people who can't escape like bartenders waitresses waiters servers of any kind if you use the echo technique with them they will respond to it they will talk to you and they will pay attention to you you may even get a lot of free stuff without even asking for it the problem is everybody else that they're waiting on will get ignored that's not a win-win okay. So.

I recommend you go out and use this with everybody to make them feel heard understood and validated. So they like you if all you did was move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good they would just wind up giving you stuff because they like you it's a it's their way of paying you back for giving them the gift of. Good. Feelings does that make sense okay.

Now. So we've talked about how to flag the bad guys we talked about that. Line in the. Sand between ethical persuasion and unethical persuasion we've talked about how to be 31% better just by change 31% more charismatic persuasive and irresistible not not to mention smarter more creative and more adaptable just by being more playful that's four three or four things we've talked about the single most powerful language technique that.

I know of that to to to to trap to hacking that person's nervous system get and keep their attention. I've done that in less than an hour is that cool am. I keeping my promises okay. I'm going to give you one more technique and.

Then. I'm going to transition into how to level up how to take this to the. Next level would that be okay. Okay.

All right. For this for this. Next technique though it's an experiential technique. So we have to know.

I have to ask we have to play some games if that's it's not really a game it's a it's a process we do this at every webinar because this is the single most important. Persuader that we have and there's two ways to use it three if you count resistance removal. But there's two ways to use this technique the. First one is on yourself when we use this technique on ourself it's called the emotional motivation checklist or the emotional motivation drill okay.

So you guys you guys all have pens and paper yes. Or yes. Okay. Okay.

I'm just trying to make sure. I actually decided not to use my power power point. So. I'm actually having to skip around to figure out where.

I'm at. So. I have everything ready for you all right. I'm going to show you a um a template in a minute.

But before we do. I want you to get out your piece of paper and a pencil and on that piece of paper and pencil. I want you to to think about this when you saw the emails promoting this webinar talking about this webinar things of that nature there was something that you wanted to get out of this webinar something you wanted to get as a byproduct from this training or a byproduct from this webinar right. Something you wanted to be able to do and a result you wanted to get would that be true or not true maybe there's more than one okay.

Here's what. I want you to do. I want you to ask this question what do. I want to get as a byproduct from tonight's webinar and.

I want you to answer that question. I want you to write the answer to that question at the top of your sheet when you've done that type done done in the chat okay. Al says done cool some of you guys are veterans. So you know exactly what's coming all right.

As you look. At the answer to that question what is it. I want to be able to do or what do. I want to get from tonight's webinar under that.

I want you to write another question what's that going to do for me and leave a blank space what's that what's getting the the answer to that question above you going to do for you write that answer down type done in the chat perfect now let's assume that you got that right. So you there was a bu something from the byproduct of tonight's webinar that you wanted to get you got that and you know what it's going to do for you now that you've got it what's important about it what's important to you about having that. I want you to ask ask yourself that question and write that down whatever comes up for now here's a secret to this whatever comes up. First in the exact wording that it comes up.

I want you to write that down okay. Now you don't have to type it in the chat unless you want to. But. I really want it on the paper this is for you is to give you a clear.

Direction. So that you have the values in place and the ability to take an action to to tap into your own internal motivations okay. I'm going to. I'm going to switch now well maybe.

I will maybe. I won't okay. So let me show you what what you should have. So far oops wrong one um new share here we go all right.

So on your sheet of paper you should have what do. I want from as a byproduct of tonight's webinar you write that out you ask the question what's it going to do for me you write the answer to that and. Then you ask what's important about that what's it going to do for you what's it going to get you what's what's the feeling and the word that comes up and write that answer down verbatim okay. So that's what we just walked you through and.

I want you to just repeat that process. I want you to take this answer and ask the same question what's important about that and write your answer right. Use the exact words that come up and. Then take the answer to this question and ultimately if you had this and you had this and you had this and you had this what would that do for you and what's important about having.

It ultimately what is it going to do for you what's important about it and write your answer when you've done that just type done in the chat excellent you guys are doing great all right. So here's the. Next part. I want you to pay attention now that you have your answers.

I want you to pay attention to your body notice how you feel physically mentally emotionally. I want you to hold up your sheet of paper at about a 45 degree angle and all. I want you to do. St.

I want you to stand up and and again do this to the degree that you're willing to. I want you to read out loud only the answers to your questions just read it out loud five times read them out loud from beginning to end five times in a row when that's done type done in the chat okay. Riley says done. Barbara says done lady says.

L says done. Mary says done perfect what do you feel right. Now how do you feel compared to when you started that exercise brigher what's your desire for it like cool. Serenity excellent now would you are you guys ready to get the tools to get those things you said you wanted yes.

Or yes. All right. Then with your permission. I'd like to move into phase two of tonight's webinar and.

I'd like to share with you how to take your life to the. Next level with your permission. I'd like to share with you a program we've put together that's designed to build on everything that you've shown been shown tonight and take it even further this is the secrets of human influence. Ultra persuasion.

Mastery home study course this is a course that is all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about making ethically let me be very clear ethically making more money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident being more personally socially professionally powerful in every aspect of your life to win that game of life if you will become more. Charming charismatic and ultimately ethically irresistible right. Again it's a lot.

But we put this together for you and this offer is good until tonight 11:59 p.m. So you have a little bit of time to think about it um. But if you stay day till the end of tonight's webinar we got some extra special goodies that are only available while we're on the webinar. So you're going to want to pay very close attention to the full three-hour webinar that we're doing okay.

So the secrets of human influence is all about discovering how people think feel and act and being able to reach in and influence them in an ethical honest and practically irresistible way this is going to lay the foundation for not only a personal system of of human influence that you can feel good about using. But that will constantly give you the ability to protect yourself from the evil manipulators and persuaders of the world okay. It's going to it's a 17 video program it's actually more videos uh and it's going to teach you the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol it's going to teach you step by step how to think like a master influencer like a master of persuasion and influence persuasion.

Masters and and persuasion professionals think about things very very differently than the average human we're going to teach you those differences that make a difference. So that you can integrate these. Concepts and ideas into your way of moving through the world. So that when you see a goal you can immediately set an outcome a way to measure it and know if you're moving towards it or away from it how to keep on your emotional balance and.

Center uh and. Then and teach you how to control your psychoemotional state. So no. One else can remember at the beginning of this webinar.

I told you that it's your your emotions can be your your superpower and they can be your. Achilles heel in this training we take you step by step by step through all of the. Hands-On drills and skills that allow you to turn to go into any emotional state at will how to get out of any emotional state at will how to use your body your breath and your imagination to not only create and custom design your emotions. But how to keep anybody you encounter from pushing your buttons ever again it's a $297 value.

But if you think about how applicable this is to every aspect of your life it's well beyond that $297 value. But it's part of the training because you need to have this remember if you're not able to control your own emotional states there are very many highly funded well-trained three-letter agencies out there very happy to control your emotions for you okay. And don't think that because you're not aware of who those people are that they're not aware of you okay. We're going to teach you the.

Next. L which is creating such powerful. Rapport and connection that the idea of not hanging out with you of not doing what you want what people want you to do is just completely outside of their uh their willingness to even comprehend or or to even um what's word. I'm looking for uh think about right.

You guys have those of you who've experienced the echo technique know what an amazing. Game. Changer that is right. When you we're going to teach you how to leverage that even more right.

Barbara says. I need the emotional self-control. Barbara we all do. But nobody gives us skills nobody gives us techniques that we can practice every single day to become an emotional bodybuilder for lack of a better word we're going to give you the exact skills that you need if you just play with these every day no.

One will be able to knock you off your game ever again and in the in the in the random times that they do you'll be able to get right. Back into equilibrium and deal with those [ __ ] the way they need to be dealt with okay. It doesn't mean you can't be taken by surprise it means you get back to your aame faster than you ever thought possible. Then we're going to teach you what.

I consider to be the seven most irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist now. I could just as easily say the most irresistible neurological language patterns that exist because each of these language patterns activates and modulates a specific aspect of the human brain which allows you to exert a lot of influence over what that brain does for example think about this for a moment imagine now that you've you've learned these skills you've taken the training and you now have the ability to do the following things imagine what your life would be like what would your life be like if you have the seemingly magical ability to direct a person's focus of attention to whatever you wanted them to focus on and ignore everything else think about that if you could direct somebody's atten a person to pay attention to. Only the. Good things you want them to pay attention to and ignore everything else would that be helpful right.

Now what if you have the ability to install software in the minds of people that automatically did things just by describing it that's what the. First language pattern allows you to do it allows you to literally automate programs in people's minds now is there is there the potential for misuse with this yes. Anything that's truly powerful has the potential for misuse. But here's how.

I use this to help people many people come into my clinic with a bag with a headful of limiting beliefs and negative processes that they're running and they don't know how to consciously control those programs using this pattern. I can separate the conscious part of their mind from the unconscious part and give direct instructions to the unconscious mind to heal and dissolve the problem while their conscious mind watches the change happen. Then. I can put them back together to create a better person a more holistic person that's actually how.

I use this and how you could be using it uh in business in social situations in relationships things of that nature right. It's it's the most irresistible most powerful language pattern that we have right. And the best thing about it is even when people know you're doing it they can't resist it that's what's that's something that nobody will tell you even when people know you're doing it they can't resist it try to argue with that and notice what happens instead inside your mind right. What if you have the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener what if you're getting attacked by one of these persuasion manipulators and you instantly.

H could install in them a program that blocked them from being able to talk to you or or distracted them completely right. This is one of the things you can do. But if you can make anything you want. C anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things have absolutely nothing in common what could you do with that right.

I want you to think about both sides of this now what could you ethically and honorably do with it. But think about what this information would be like in the hands of somebody who doesn't have your best interests at heart how would you protect yourself from someone like that there's only one way to do that guys it's to to know how to do this right. I'm a self-defense instructor. I've been a self-defense instructor for many many years someone ever like if you ever go to a self-defense class and the guy's going to teach you how to defend yourself against a knife.

But he doesn't teach you or she doesn't teach you how to use that knife get your money back because the only way to protect yourself against weapons is to know how to use that weapon to protect yourself you got to know both sides if you want to protect yourself right. That's why. I'm being very transparent about this okay. You got to know both sides.

But think of all the good you can do with this if you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener what could you do with that that's what another one of the. P that's one pattern that'll do that there's another pattern that allows you to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners or your readers what if you had the ability to take anything you wanted and assign any meaning you want to it and when you spoke to the person they would just accept that as true what could you do with that what could you do with it all right. Next thing. Al.

Watson says good for talking to women as men are more the ca. Al you have been around a while haven't you right. Uh only only veterans actually remember my talk about women being complex equivalent oriented versus men being cause and effect oriented very true right. My job is to give you the tools it's up to you to decide how to use them right.

What if you have the ability to make a person's internal mind movies be exactly what you describe with zero chance of it being misinterpreted what could you do with that type of the chat what could you do with a power like that i'. I've only discussed four of the seven patterns. I'll let you discover what the other three do right. Think about it think about the echo technique think about the awareness technique think about the cause and effect technique think about the meaning technique think about the.

Mind movie technique think about what happens when you combine all those things all right. I think you get the message right. Now what if you have the ability to not only think like a master of influence control your psycho state. So no.

One else can develop irresistible. Rapport skills. So that people automatically like love and trust you often in as little as 20 minutes or less use these powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns to make yourself more charismatic charming and irresistable. But you could also manage the emotional states of everyone you meet what if you had the ability to look.

At someone sense where their emotional state is and decide through your own skills where they need to be and ethically guide them to where they want to to be. So that both of you get what you want would that be useful we're going to teach you how to do that okay. It's fun it's powerful it's amazing right. And you don't need to lie cheat or steal to do it you will become powerful though.

So if you're. UNC if you're uncomfortable with power you probably don't want to get this. But if you want to be more powerful more. Charming more charismatic more irresistible you might want to grab this while you can right.

What if you could emotionally. Bond anyone's deepest desires to whatever you're offering to get them to do what you want them to do what if you could take your product or service talk to a human being and find out what they most need and want and if there's a. Fit connect those things. So powerfully that the person decides to do it for their own selfish reasons and thinks you're the greatest thing since sliced bread for letting them do it would that be a superpower to have right.

This is what you're learning how to do you can do a lot of it with the pieces. I taught in this webinar when you have the whole system to different animal right. On top of that what if we gave you a 240 page manual that had extra chapters in it on spatial hypnotic operators proxemic hypnotic operators social hypnosis cold reading lie detection and attraction techniques. Authority techniques uh deeper level.

Rapport techniques. So that you would learn you would learn how to manage the spatial relationships because sometimes you're going to be in situations and circumstances where you can't speak you can't use your language how is how can. I position myself in relation to another human being where their own nervous system actually gives me more power it's called proxemic hypnotic operators it's one of the chapters in. The.

Killer influence mind control. Manifesto this is a book. That has was named the number one. NLP course for the.

Last four years 2020 2020 21 22 23 right. It is the number one hypnosis killer. NLP class in the world by global gurus. org uh. I'm the author of it and.

I'm going to give it to you okay. We're going to talk about the online community in just a couple minutes with 210 active subscribers right. So the total unit price for this is $2,497. But we've put together a way more comprehensive package for you.

So if you'll just bear with me we'll go through this we're going to include these special bonuses. First thing we're going to do is we're going to include a special version of the killer influence program this is called defense against the dark arts anti-manipulation hypnotic influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets this is the flip side of influence this is profiling this is understanding how do these persuasion. Predators think what are the tells what are the body language cues what are the verbal patterns that these people use to infiltrate themselves into your life to tap into your values and make you their puppet and how can you take yourself off the menu it includes techniques on face reading cold reading uh micro.

Expressions lie detection uh there's 21 different uh red flags in here that that narcissists and um other types of persuasion. Predators use in conversations to escape accountability for what they do okay. We're going to teach you step by step by step how these people think how they operate and how you can thwart them at any level of the game we're going to introduce you to what we call the red flag system the red flag system was developed by a lady by. Dr.

W. Wendy. Patrick who was the deputy district attorney for the city of. San.

Diego in charge of. SE or the county of. San. Diego in charge of sex crimes she developed a book.

Called red flag which was all about how do you profile people before you date them and it has four basic elements. Focus lifestyle. Association and groups we're going to show you how that system works how it integrates with the the killer influence curriculum. So that you can become prepared.

Then what we do is we actually have you roleplay these different types of personality types. So you get an understanding of how they think how they feel and how can you you can use the counter manipulation techniques in this course to stop them dead in their tracks we're also going to show you teach you about something called hoovering now hoovering is a slang term that is used um it's it's from the psychological field many times when you get in a relationships with someone who's high on the narcissistic sociopathic scale and you manage to get out of that relationship even though you're out of the relationship these people won't leave you alone they keep showing up that and an attempt to get you back into that relationship that process of attempting to suck you back into that relationship is known as hoovering in this course we're going to teach you the six or seven hoovering tactics that most predatory humans use to suck you back into to their orbit or get back into their life once you know these things you'll recognize them for what they are and what to do to counter it okay. Plus you'll be getting. Expos you'll be reviewing the the actual killer influence persuasion protocol which has seven stages in it okay.

Which everything. I talked about in the secrets of. VI and influence previous course you get a review of that plus all of this in learning how to defend yourself and profile people. So that you get taken off the menu you'll learn how they select their victims you'll learn what they look.

For you'll learn about the. Predator protocol which is a a fstep behavioral algorithm that all social. Predators use to groom you into becoming a suitable victim for them once you understand these five aspects you'll be able to spot it and stop it or extricate yourself from it. But you could also turn the tables on these people or use it in a more benevolent way to pull people out of relationships that are not good for them right.

If you get if you if you see people getting sucked into a bad crowd or cult type type thing you could actually use this to kind of pull them back out or kind of give them a way to to lead them back to a loving support system lots of different ways that you can use the tactics and techniques in defense against the dark arts and again defense against the dark arts was also voted one of the number one. NLP training programs for the. Last two years. I'm very very proud of both killer influence and defense against the dark arts they're the the.

Leading. Edge on on training uh in this field okay. It's a $1,997 value. But we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you take advantage of this special offer total combined value is $ 4,487 if you register now before the end of the webinar when would now be a good time to register to get these gifts.

But we're not done yet we've got more stuff for you because. I wanted to create a program that was comprehensive that would give you everything you needed on every end of the spectrum. So we're going to also include. Renegade reframing now this is one of my f.

I love all my courses. But this is easily one of the most fun most powerful courses. I've ever uh invented it's based on a series of language patterns formally referred to as slight of mouth. So let me explain to you um a little bit about what this course will do for you without getting into too much detail let's stop for a moment and imagine that you're sitting across from someone and you've got exactly what they need to change their life.

But their head is full of all these objections and limiting beliefs and reasons why they can't succeed what if for every objection every limiting belief every excuse every insult or or argument they came up with you had 14 different ways to completely destroy that belief and transform it into something better what could you do with a superpower like that think about it for a moment your kid comes up with an excuse for not doing something you have 14 different answers that you could give them at any given moment your your wife comes or your husband comes up with a reason why you can't take you on vacation or they can't afford a certain thing or whatever you know it's. BS they're making it up you have 14 different ways to change that uh your kid doesn't want to go to school your job doesn't want to give you a promotion a race you've got 14 different ways to change that even better what if you're sitting there with a headful of limiting beliefs that are keeping you from taking action or keeping you from doing the things that you know would make your life better what if you personally had 14 different ways to change each and every one of those limiting beliefs and you could do it in seconds what would happen in your life what would happen in your life if you could just nuke all of your limiting beliefs in seconds and not go back to the old way of thinking that's what. Renegade reframing is all about. Renegade reframing was based on a set of patterns that were discovered for lack of a better word by a guy named.

Robert. DZ while watching. Richard bandler train his. Master practitioners they're designed in the.

Split. Second to create a window of hypers suggestibility in people and it changes the way they think about the limiting belief. So fast and. So quickly they can't go back to thinking about it the same way again they're changed instantly okay.

There's lots of ways to use this. Tech these techniques the. First way. I do it in my in my yearly coaching class which meets every week the when we when we hit this particular training.

I actually had them write down all of their limiting beliefs and. Then. I taught them three or four of the patterns and. I had them use those patterns on their own limiting beliefs and they couldn't go back to the old belief anymore literally in seconds right.

This is a. GameChanger if you're face. Toof face with a gaslighting abusive manipulating narcissistic delusional pathological lying [ __ ] pardon my. French this is the change game this is the.

GameChanger this is what allows you to just turn the tables on them like a light switch right. In fact one of the things you'll discover in defense against the dark arts is that a lot of the tactics that that these predators are using on you are reframes they're actually variants of some of these things and once you understand what's happening you can turn the tables on them instantly right. It's 197 it's 1,99 $97 value guys we're going to give this to you free if you're one of the. First people to grab this secrets of human influence persuasion package okay.

Total combined value if you're doing the math $648 we're not done we're also going to include one of the most powerful programs. I've ever created for public speaking now. Charisma and conversion is all about taking your your charisma and hypnotic persuasion skill. SKS to the masses in other words how many of you by a show of hands do any form of presenting or see clients or use public speaking as a way to get clients anybody yes.

Okay. If you've ever seen these. A-list speakers like. Tony.

Robbins or t harveer or um. Lisa svich or um. Mark lack or some of these other people if you've ever noticed or. Dan.

Kennedy ever noticed that at some point they just look. At the audience say a magic word and a there's a stampede to the back of the room you guys ever seen that would you like to know how they do it it's in this course because there's two levels to what they teach their students they only teach the. First level this is persuasion architecture this is about how to design talks and presentations that allow you to ethically and honestly inspire people to want to do business with you how to prime them to rush to the back of the room to sign up to be a client or to buy your product or your service how to gain instant credibility and authenticity with any audience anytime anywhere and we even deconstruct talks from very famous presenters and show you the secret influence techniques that they're using on the unsuspecting audience okay. Not necessarily.

So you can be you can do it in an unethical way. But. So you have awareness now that when you go to these. Seminars the things uh other people do it too um you understand what's being done.

So you can choose how it affects you right. There's a there's a whole other world behind the scenes of hidden persuad hidden persuaders and influencers and if you don't know them you're going to be at the mercy of them okay. This is going to put you on their level if you if you apply it and you practice it you'll have the same act the access to the same techniques and technologies that these a-level speakers do. So you can build your business from an ethical honest way.

But positively influence large groups of people okay. To use this effectively you have to have secrets of human influence killer influence or defense against the dark arts you you that's a prerequisite that's why. I included this as bonus three right. This is not specific to defense against the dark.

Arts. But it is specific to learning how to leverage your now worldclass hypnotic skills and. Char. Charisma skills to groups of people rather than one individual okay.

It's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value is $848 if you register before the end of the webinar. So let's just look. At what we've got in the package for you. So far you got the secrets of human influence home study course 17 video seven stage.

Universal persu protocol training plus the killer influence mind control. Mastery manual it's a $2,497 value you've got bonus number one killer influence defense against the dark arts counter manipulation influence and behavioral profiling. Secrets comes with a manual as well $1,997 value you've got. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds it's a $1,997 value super fun course super use ful use it all the time bonus number three.

Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers you can use this to create massive amounts of content on. YouTube you can use it uh when you're doing board meetings you can use it when you're doing motivation you can use it when you're doing clubs and groups and meetups. I use this all the time. I teach my students how to do this.

So they can become content machines on social media. I teach all that in this program okay. I teach two forms of uh persuasion mass group persuasion and small group persuasion very very powerful very very useful it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value if you do the math on this is $848. But we're not done yet okay.

I want to give you the best deal humanly possible today. I want you to take action remember. I told you there are two ingredients to success the. First one is having an identity that supports you becoming the person who can have it the.

Second piece is taking the action having the strength and the courage to do something different. So you can be do and have something different and to make that as easi as for you as humanly possible. I've put this together you're not going to have to pay $848 you're not going to have to invest $648. I'm.

G to take another several. Grand off there you're not even going to have to pay 5347 we're not going to charge you $3,347 no. Oh wait 23 47 that's pretty good. But no.

We're not even going to charge you that much for those of you who are serious for those of you who are committed to taking your life to the. Next level you can get it all today today only for one low investment of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help. But you know you want to grab it all you got to do we can break that down let us know we can break that down into three easy installments of just 3.97 paid out over three months and you get access to the material when the payments are done done right. All you got to do to get started now is click that link in your chat click the link in your chat click the link in your chat go to www. killer influence.com slgo www. killer influence.com slgo okay.

Uh if you have questions you can reach out to uh my administrative demigod. Moss uh at uh 858 282 466 here you go uh you can also reach out to either my administrative god or goddess. Mia or. Moss both at.

NLP power.com. So let me just throw those in the chat. So people have those now usually when we offer this there's a stampede to the phones if you rush to the phones and you get the voicemail. I'll give you a real quick a real quick um heads up please please please please please if you get the voicemail leave your name your phone number your email okay.

Because if you leave your name and phone number and email we will get back to you within the. Next 24 hours if not sooner and you will qualify for any and all bonuses if you call you get the voicemail and you just hang up say. I'll call tomorrow you will not qualify for any of the extra bonuses. So.

I just want to be very very clear make sure that you call keep calling until you get through if after five or six tries you're not getting through when you hit that voicemail leave your name email and phone number and when we get back to you you'll qualify for everything that we're offering okay. You can speak to. Moss you'll speak to. Mia either.

Through. The. Voice or through the email okay. So again click this link right.

Now www. killer influence.com slgo www. killer influence.com slgo click the links. So that um you can save your spot take the action ignore that voice in your head that's giving you all the reasons why you can't be successful that's the voice that's trying to keep you the same it's the same voice predators try to manipulate to keep you stuck and make you feel bad about yourself tell it use the massive. Mantra. STFU and click that link right.

Now okay. Now for those of you who are worried those you worried that. I might be this master of influence and persuasion that. I might be not being ethical or honest or truth with you which.

I hope you've seen by now that it's not how it is is you have absolutely nothing to risk with this program click the link right. Now grab your program invest in yourself and take 60 days to train and test the material if after 60 days or sooner you are not 100% satisfied with the results that this program is giving you if you're not on the fast track to better relationships making more money closing more. Deeds feeling more secure and confident powerful if you're not winning in more social encounters and hearing yes. More and more and more if you're still feeling powerless or helpless.

I'll refund every dime you've invested in this program because if this program isn't working for you. Then it's not ethical for me to keep your re your your investment it's not ethical for me to take that money and hold on to it. So here's my promise to you if this program doesn't deliver if you're having problems and you call us and we walk you through it and it's still not working if within that 60-day window you decide it's not for you let us know we'll we'll give you a complete and full refund no. Question well we'll ask questions.

But we'll probably still give you the refund. So. Al asking is certification as a life coach or. Hypno.

Counseling okay. I don't. I don't this is not a certification course. But if you are a coach or.

AAP therapist these are skills that will will pay them pay for themselves a million times over just when you use them okay. It's amazing what you can do with this stuff when you integrate it into any other coaching curriculum that you might have okay. If you want a certification you have to come to the live event the only. PL the only time we give right.

Now the only time we're offering certifications is through live training right. Now starting in the 1 of. January we're going to be integr we're going to be implementing a brand new hybrid training program that's also a certification track. But.

I will warn you it's harder it requires you to do more right. But you can get certified online all right. But as of right. Now the only way to get certified is through live event training.

So again click this link get your program and get in the and get the changes happening right. Now click the link click the link click the link www. killer influence.com goo right. Now. I told you to stay on till the end of the webinar why because there's more remember.

I said there's two ingredients to success right. One was identity what was the other one type it in the chat what was the other one action that's right. Tim remember this especially if you're a coach a hypnotist a therapist of any kind the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced and. I want to live that.

I want to live by that rule. So this is the deal for those of you who grab your course right. Here right. Now.

I'm. G to give you three amazing bonuses that you can only get if you grab your course while you're on this webinar okay. The rest of the program expires at 11:59 p.m. tonight. But these.

Next three bonuses they go away the minute. I log off this web webinar okay. So click that. Al already did he's welcome aboard.

Al right. Um we're going to give you the. NL three-month unlimited access to the. Mastermind the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial membership let me explain what this is really really quickly this is a live online and in-person group that gets together on the. Third. Saturday of every month and when you come in either virtually or physically literally go around the room and.

I'll say. Al what do you want to learn today. Mia what do you want to learn today. Jeff what do you want to learn today.

John what do you want to learn today. Tim what do you want to learn today. Roger what do you want to learn today and. I'm.

G to write those things on the board and. Then. I'm going to step back and. I'm.

G to look. At them and. I'm going to see where they all connect where they all meet. I'm.

GNA find the. Connecting. Threads. I'm going to create a lesson plan for you right.

On the spot and for the. Next five hours you and. I and the rest of our group are going to practice those skills and drills until you can do them in your sleep the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program in addition to being the longest running. Practice. Group of its kind in the world it's been running every month month after month for 13 years we started it in. October of 2010 okay.

And it's been meeting every single month for 13 years and it's liter there's no. Certification connected to the. Mastermind. Brian what it is is a.

Practice. Group it's okay. You've got the videos you've been to the. Live.

Events you've seen the webinars you've got these skill sets. But you don't have anybody to practice with you don't have any way to get feedback on how effective or how clean your. Technique is you log in or you show up you tell me what you want to learn and. I say okay.

Show me what you got show me what you know now try this now do this work with this person focus on this it's all about identifying your sticking points and honing those skills to a. Razor's. Edge and. Then sending you back out into the world to use them to move your life forward the.

Next month you come in we put what you want to focus on the board we create the lesson plan and we drill and skill for five hours. So you can do those things in your sleep you won't get you won't get a certificate from. The. Mastermind mentoring program what you'll get is something far more precious skills superpowers abil the ability to use these things anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance at will right.

This is a really tough one how do. I use this to help my deaf brother oh very cool. I'll bet if you know sign language or your brother can read what you write you can do these things in writing. Tim and the language patterns will still work.

I don't know how. I. I would have to play with the sign language part of it. But.

I know that all of the things that. I'm teaching you about work in writing as well as speaking my biggest hurdle is getting willing oh you don't out you're already taken care of brother you're if you got the if you've got the package you're already in the. Mastermind. So this.

Saturday you can log in with the things you want to learn and start practicing on live human beings right. Away right. That's what the. Mastermind is about the.

Mastermind came about because. I was every time. I would do an event a. Meetup.

I'll be surrounded by all these people that had a gazillion certifications and when. I asked them to do something they couldn't nlps or hypnosis hypnosis themselves out of a wet paper bag and they and people realized that the certificate wasn't enough you needed a way to get good and. The. Mastermind was that way to do that to drill down on specific applications specific targets that you want and need to focus on and that's and it's been running non-stop for 13 years now here's the best part about that folks we've had a video camera running every training every month for 13 years we videotaped every single training session and we've archived it on parts of it are on our.

YouTube channel parts of it are on our website parts of it are on our members only. Facebook. Group as a member of the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program you get 100% unfettered access to every single video every single one for the full 90 days if after 90 days you want to keep coming keep practicing keep getting better we'll show you how to extend your membership if after 90 days you got what you needed well you just move on and go out into the world and create the things that you want right. Now if you think about what. I just talked about and you look. At the dollar value there's a little discrepancy there as you can see it's way more valuable than the $891 value that we're assigning to it.

But you see. I have this uh this very ethically minded administrative demigod who wants everything to be in alignment with math. So that's why we're doing that as you can see it's way more valuable than $891 just the archive alone is worth $10 of thousands of dollars right. But we're going to give this to you free why because we want you to be good we want you to not only have the knowledge anybody you can get knowledge anywhere you really can.

But how are you going to develop the skill where are you going to find a community that will support you and work with you and and and not look. At you like you're weird it's right. In front of you the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program has the biggest group of like-minded caring helpful people. I've ever come across it's an amazing place right. If anybody's uh in the chat's part of the. Mastermind group share your experiences let people know just how cool it really is right.

We're going to give this to you free if you if you add everything up total combined value for this program is 9,372 bucks. But you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97. But we're not done yet guys this is only the. First fast action bonus okay.

We're also going to include the step steal instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth is not just a cool word it actually stands for something it stands for get ready for it strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis this is a course that if you want to hypnotize people tomorrow you download this tonight it's literally two hours of video and you can be hypnotizing people instantly if you watch another two hours of video you'll have seven language patterns that will just knock people through the flooor you watch another couple hours of video you'll be able to establish hypnotic anchors in anyone you meet you watch another couple hours of video you'll be able to detect lies you know 15 of the most common lie deception cues that human beings generate and a whole lot more it comes with transcripts manuals workbooks downloadable mp3s you can listen to them while you're driving it's an amazing program and it's specifically designed for you to be able to learn it and do it fast that's the cool part it literally two hours a video and you're ready to go out and do this okay. It's a $997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value is $1,369. But if that wasn't enough to have you clicking that button right.

Now remember. I said the way to get certified is through. Live. Events.

So for the. Next 21 people to click this link right. Here right. Now you're going to get a free pass you're going to get a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis live certification boot camp. January 23rd through the 27th here in. San.

Diego it's a $3,150 value it's 3150 at the door if you want to get in and we're going to teach you the seven stage. Universal persuasion protocol how to think like a master of influence how to control your state. So no. One else can how to transmit those states to other people.

So that they automatically become primed and predisposed to thinking and acting the way you want them to before you even speak to them how to gain such a powerful level of rapport with somebody that the idea of not doing what you want is almost completely outside of the realm of possibility how to emanate. Charisma on command how to approach and infiltrate and influence large groups of people how to. M states of absolute. Authority that cause people to believe what you say and do what you want how to use the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist how to tap into people's emotions and bond them to what you want them to do how to make people want to do the things they just told you they didn't want to do and have them loving you for doing it how to create irresistible connection.

Charisma and liking and attraction bordering on love in as little as 20 minutes how to position yourself at a conference table or a seminar room for maximum influence and persuasion how to position your enemies in positions of of weakness. So that their attempts to block you are fored how to have massive how to represent and eminate massive. Authority in any group how to generate attraction and manage attraction in other people how to generate affinities and acquiescence in other words how to generate levels of sameness and connection in other people how to use social hypnotic operators like scarcity reciprocity consistency and commitment things like that that the that. Society is using to manipulate you.

So you can turn the tables and use them for good instead of for you know being the the victim of these things and. So much more we'll teach you how to read anyone instantly how to turn everything you say into an irresistible charismatically compelling hypnotic induction people will be hanging on your every word believing what you say doing what you want and. Then it just gets better okay. It's a $3,150 value total combined value on this package now is $1 13,519 if you were to try to go to our website right.

Now and buy these things individually this is what you'd be paying. But you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 you get the secrets of human influence home study course $24.97 you get defense against the dark. Arch $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you get the. Renegade reframing home study course how to dissolve any limiting belief overcome any objection reverse any argument in seconds $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the.

Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills home study course. So that you can take these all powerful hypnotic skills these persuasion skills these ethical skills that you've learned and use them to influence and teach and train groups of people to get the maximum benefit from working with you it's a $1,997 value we're going to give you three months of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program.

So that you can have the ability to to hang out and play with like-minded inter individuals where you can roll up your sleeves do the drills get the skills. So that you can become. Unstoppable out there in the real world where it really matters right. And when you do that you will have a superpower that will serve you will take care of you anytime you choose to use it okay.

Remember as important as knowing how to use these skills ladies and gentlemen is the willingness to actually use them the the willingness to take action and that's what's necessary for you to have everything you want in this life you have to take the action and if you're not going to use to do this if this isn't what you're resonating with what are you going to do instead what else promises you the same level of skill and ability right. If you can find something grab it. But in the meantime here's your ticket. Third it's a you're.

G to get that stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course you're going to get the killer influence. VIP super ticket five days certification boot camp and this is an actual hypnosis certification. So you can put it on your wall if you want to okay. It's a $3,150 value total package is $1 13,519 you can have it all and.

I when. I say all there's a. I'm saying a lot more than just the package you can have it all for a one low installment one low investment in yourself of $997 if you need a little extra help you can break that up into three easy payments of 3.97 all you got to do is click that link right. Now click it go to www. killer influence.com.

Zachary's in. Al's in lonus. I think was somebody else was somebody in a lot of people are in right. Um.

I will. I want to let you guys in on one. Last thing um before we proceed click that link um it's come to our attention and. I've mentioned this in several webinars.

Darren's gonna be there excellent. Lacy's in welcome guys right. They're going fast guys if you're not if you're on the fence click that link um one of the things. I want to tell you about is the one of the things we notice is is that a lot of people have been uh watching the webinars month after month and buying the webinar packages just to get those.

VIP super tickets because you get such a discounted rate on the trainings we have starting. Next month we've implemented a new tracking system. So that if you've actually bought one of these webinar packages before it's going to track it and it'll let us know and. So you won't be able to get more than a couple of the.

VIP packages before it's going to flag you. So right. Now that system's not quite in place yet. So if you've been doing that and you want to uh you want to stock up on your.

VIP tickets you might want to click that link a couple of times because as of uh. Next month um there's going to be a set number of. VIP tickets at this price point that you can get and after that it's going to be there's going to be an extra charge if you still want a. VIP ticket.

So. I just want to put that out there uh if you have more questions about that when you call the office talk to. Moss he'll he'll be happy happy to explain it it's been a little hole in our system for a while um. But right.

But now we're we're getting kind of to the point where we need to kind of make it fair okay. So again you still got time click this link right. Now go to www. killer influence.com. Michael if you want to use your.

Mondo certificate. Then you need to call. Moss or. Mia they'll add you to the database and the guest list for the training that's all you need to do now let me tell you a little bit more about the.

VIP tickets just. So you understand why they're. So cool why people keep grabbing the. VIP ticket literally says that if you want to come to a training even if it's full we'll find a seat for you.

So let's say you want to come to killer influence in. January. But you hemmed and hot and you waited around and now all of a sudden the seminar is full we've hit our 40 or 50 people and there's no. More seats there's no.

More room at the end you call us up you let us know you have a. VIP ticket we'll make a 50. First seat for you we'll make a seat for you even if it's full let's say you're planning on going and something comes up at at the. Last minute and now you can't go not a problem all you got to do is pick up the phone let.

Mosser me and know we will move you to the. Next training you will once you have this. VIP ticket it's non-cancelable guaranteed renewable you'll be able to use it until you you'll have it until you use it once you've redeemed it it's done right. So if something happens at the.

Last minute you can't come to the training all you do is let us know we'll move you to the pending database and when another training comes up you can come to that one let's say we rais the price right. Now killer influence is. AT 3150 what if we raise it to 4750 in. April maybe we might be doing that.

I don't know if you have one of these. VIP tickets doesn't matter what the price is you still get to come in for free right. If it's sold out we'll find a seat for you right. If you want to gift that ticket to somebody we'll let you do that we have a lot of people who buy our our.

Platinum programs and uh it's a it's a 12 trainining package and they they split it they give six of their. T they keep six trainings and they give six trainings to a significant other. So they can come to the trainings together right. The.

VIP ticket kind of works the same way if you buy the ticket. But you can't use it. But you know someone who can you can gift them that ticket and they can attend a training instead of you it's a it's a really cool way to just pay it forward if you know you're not going to be able to use something okay. So the.

VIP super ticket is awesome and right. Now it's available as a fast action bonus to anyone who clicks this link right. Now and grab this amazing home study course super package and it gives you five days locked in a room with me putting you through drill after drill after drill. So not only do you know and understand these things.

But you embody these things that you can actually do them and use them it's a one it's $1 13,519 worth of stuff and training you get it for one small investment of $9.97 or three smaller installments of$ 3.97 okay. Now. Last thing and. Moss just reminded me if you're looking at if you're a veteran of planet.

David and as you're looking at this list of courses in the in the package if you have one if you want this package. But you don't want to duplicate things you already have pick up the phone give. M or. Mia a call and we will let you substitute any program you want of equal or lesser value.

So you can get a custom package without having to pay twice for something you've already got right. We're that flexible we want you to be happy we want you to be successful we want to make it as easy and as and as we can and still be ethical within ourself we know the value of what this can do okay. Everybody on this team is living proof of what these skills have done and and believe me when. I tell you or not believe me prove it to yourself.

I have understated what these techniques are capable of. I have understated what these techniques are capable of. So click your link grab grab your package come to the trainings and watch and realize how your life changes click that link right. Now now what we're going to do is we're going to take a seven minute break.

So you can finalize your your package get your questions answered when we come back from the break we're gonna enter phase three of the training what does that mean it means we're going to pick up on the foundations that we laid in part one we're going to continue to teach more stuff and we're going to customize the rest of tonight's webinar to the exact applications that you want to know most about we'll talk more about. Predator predators and and and the things you want to know we'll talk about the different classifications we'll talk about victimology if that's the direction you want to go if it's not the direction you want to go tell me that we'll change it this is where you get to tell me what exactly you want to learn. So. Muhammad's asking this.

Saturday how do. I proceed. Moss will send you a zoom link for you to join if you're local you can show up in person if you want to okay. All right.

It is 5:56 my time put seven minutes on the counter we will see you in seven minutes for more training. Drilling and. Skilling we'll see you soon okay. Folks.

I. I got done with my break a little bit faster than. I anticipated. So since we have a few minutes left on the break aspect let's do a little quick.

Q&A what do you guys want to know about what questions do you have how can. I help you type your questions in the chat and uh let's go ahead and uh do some. Q&A make sure you click your link ber no. Questions you guys are smart okay.

Maybe this will help can you guys see me okay. Cool do you guys have we have like a couple minutes left before the break is is over and we get back to training do you guys have any questions about anything we've talked about or other things. I mean. I know a lot of you guys are are working with the phones are ringing off the hook.

Over here. So um. But we can you ask an unrelated question go ahead nalie you can ask. I'll see what.

I can do and for those of you who do have questions or or whatever remember that uh on. YouTube at least when this when this stream ends. YouTube's going to take about 20 30 40 minutes or whatever they do to create a uh a replay and the comment section if you type your questions in the comment section below that video. I'll make it a point of going back over the over the every 7 over the.

Next 72 hours and answering the questions now he's asking what's my best course on manifesting best course. I have on manifesting is called hidden. Laws of. Attraction it is it is hands down the most powerful manifesting program that exists and.

I'll put my money. I'll put my. I'll put that course against anybody else's program on the planet is there a link to the. YouTube video.

Maryann there is not a link to it yet. But as soon as the video is as soon as the stream ends we can go in and pull the link and post it uh. Gregory is asking what is the best way to use these techniques in a job interview oh great question okay. In killer influence there's a technique you'll learn called the interview.

CR the interview. Crusher is actually a combination of echo technique three magic questions emotional bonding checklist and the resistance removal formula okay. So. I'll give you a again it's it you'll you'll get the pieces of it in the program.

But. I'll give you the basic strategy in every job interview there's a moment when you've gone through all the the formalities of the interview where the interviewer looks at you and says okay. Mr. So and.

So uh before we end today's interview do you have any questions for me do you have any any questions that. I can answer for you that is your perfect window your perfect opportunity to use the emotional bonding checklist. But you have to set the context okay. So the emotional bonding checklist or the emotional motivation checklist which is the version you did today the emotional the emotional motivation checklist questions are what's the going to do for you what's important about how do you know.

So it would sound something like this well you know. Mr employer. I think jobs and and companies or people and and jobs are like marriages and relationships they have there has to be a fit there have to be values and and ways of of feeling good about things for both sides and just. So.

I understand you better what's important to you about the perfect person for this job job how do you know when you've got the right. Person has there ever been somebody in your in that you've hired that was the best example of the perfect person for this job. I'm curious what was what was important about that person what what was it about them that let you know that they were the right. Person for this job now they're going to start talking to you a either about the person they hired that was perfect for the job and why they like them or they're going to give you a laundry list of things they look.

For in the perfect person for that job your job is to. Simply pay attention to exactly what they say exactly the way they say it and if you need to ask for each thing what's important about that and how they know that they're getting it once you have that information you only talk about the aspects of of your life work history job experience or curriculum vti or resume that directly satisfies that information you only talk about that information okay. If you try to talk about anything that didn't come out of their mouth you'll see the lights go out. But if you do this right.

And you keep them connected using their words to your work history and job experiences they will automatically suit slot you into that position as the person who embodies those traits qualities and characteristics okay. Even if you don't qualify for the job because people the resume gets you in the door. But it's the interview that that makes the person like you to believe in you to feel comfortable with you and. I've had people use this ethically they were upfront that they weren't they didn't have certain qualifications they used this process and got hired over and over and over again.

I was hired by every single. College. I worked for in the recruiting department because of these skills. I was hired by the.

Princeton. Review to teach a class. I wasn't. I wasn't qualified to teach and.

I never lied once about my qualifications fact when. I was when. I was when. I was interviewing with the.

Princeton. Review you had to have a certain academic level which. I barely qualify for. But there was a three interview process and the very.

First interview was you had to get up and teach something like you had to get up and show them that you could teach. So. I'm sitting there and. I'm watching people teach how to play tennis how to serve a ba you know how to swing a b a baseball bat how to how to make biscotti and.

I'm thinking to myself how can. I hack this how can. I how can. I really spin this in my corner and of course.

I had horns at the time. I said. I know what. I'm gonna do.

So when they called me up they asked me what are you g to teach and. I looked at the interviewer and. I said. I'm going to teach how to win a job interview and she smiled.

I said would you be willing to assist me and. So. I called her up and. I did the interview.

Crusher as she was interviewing me and. I'm teaching them what. I'm doing as. I'm doing it.

So. I. I do my thing she says great job thank you very much we'll be in touch there's two more interviews we have to go through. I'm flying down the highway because.

I have. I'm an acupuncture school. I have to get back to class. I get to class.

I fly in. I sit down in the class. I'm a little bit late the minute. I sit down my phone rings.

I have to get up and go outside. I look. It's the people from the. Princeton.

Review they said we'd like to offer you the job right. Now are you available. So not only did they hire me for a job that. I technically wasn't that qualified for didn't know that until.

Later. I skipped two interviews why because they liked me. So much. I checked every single box that they were looking for in the perfect person for that job it would have been a crime not to hire me.

I never had to lie. I never had to cheat steal or misrepresent it's that simple now you're probably not going to be in a situation where you have to teach as part of your interview. But in every interview process there is a moment where the interviewer asks do you have any questions that is your window to deploy these techniques that is your window to get inside the minds and the emotions and the values of the person doing the interview match their checklist match their template match their words and. Link it to you and you'll learn step by step how to do that in your secrets of human influence course and your defense against the dark arts course it's that important that it's in every course that just about every influence course that we teach it's.

So important guys that we teach it on every webinar okay. We taught it to you we just taught it to you under a different name we called it the emotional motivation checklist when you do it with another person it becomes the emotional bonding checklist and once you know what's in a person's heart and how they recognize it you have card blanch to link it to any anything you want the only thing. I can hope for is that when you do that you can actually deliver on your promise right. You can do this with people and not have the ability to deliver on your promise and when you do that the boomerang effect is going to be bad right.

These people will will move. Heaven and. Earth to get payback if you wrong them this way because it creates maximum vulnerability in another human being maximum emotional connection right. But if you do fulfill your word if you keep your promise and they recognize that you're giving them exactly what they needed they will love you and be loyal and fanatically faithful to you like you would not believe if you want to if you want to insulate yourself against somebody undercutting you based on price or some other feature this will do it right.

Uh the reason. I. I. I'm.

So adamant. I have not found anything that beats this. I. I ethically and honest honly.

I have not found a single technique that can outperform this process done well. So if you want to up your. I have one guy uh he was at my my uh foring for. Fun and.

Profit. Meetup he upped his closing rate by 70% using this okay. Let me see there's a bunch of questions here. Natalie says thank you.

Maran says thanks thank you um. Zachary. Hall says you can do it at the beginning of an interview it's fun they virt to offer you the position without even finishing the interview. I know.

I did this. Zachary's been around. Planet. David for a while he's seen he's trained these.

Technologies he knows this. Gregory says this is invaluable and. I really appreciate it you're welcome my friend. Ryan.

Erikson says. I'm reaching. But not getting any response my intentions are there. But all right.

Um talk to. Moss and see what he can do right. Come to the again you decide what you can do you decide how far down you know how far you're willing to stretch and reach right. Susan um sain.

Ramirez is saying how do you stay anchored in the present outworld and. Associate and not vice versa. So you're alert from predators and you can persuade in other cases all right. So one of the problems that we have as human beings is that we're always in our head and when we're in our head we're not present we're not aware of our surroundings and that's something that predators are always watching okay.

They're always looking for people who are sending out verbal and non-verbal signals that they're prime target and on that note would it be useful to figure out what these people are actually sorting for what things kind of put you higher on the menu than other things would that be something worth learning okay. Is there something you'd like to remember. I said this is your webinar now is there something you'd like to learn instead or would you like to look. At how these people sort for victims or things that might add to your victimhood.

I'm open. I'm here for you okay. Let's look. At victimology.

Then okay. Now keep in mind if you're if if you checking any boxes on this list it doesn't mean you're going to be a victim it just means that you have a higher probability of being targeted right. My job is to show you what they look. For and how they look.

For it. So you can plug those holes in your defenses and take yourself off the menu that doesn't mean you won't get targeted there's a difference between being a. Target and being a victim. I get targeted all the time.

But. I'm rarely a victim because. I know what to look. For and how to how to deal with it does that make sense if you're a beautiful woman for example you're.

G to be targeted all the time if you're a wealthy attractive male of any race or gender whether you're original male or chosen male right. You're going to get targeted targeting is not the problem it's being falling victim or not right. And. So again.

I have to keep this is something you guys aren't going to want to hear right. I'm gonna tell you that you got to take action if if you buy this course and do nothing with it you might as well not [ __ ] buy it save your money okay. Only buy the course only invest in yourself if you're actually ready to change if you're ready to stand up and put it to work because if you don't know it you won't use it or if you don't if you're not if you don't if you're not willing to act it's called the will to influence or. Napoleon used to call it the will to conquer you have to have that will to influence that's how the.

Predators get ahead in this world that's how the. Uber um successful people get ahead in this world they take action they don't wait for things to come to them they find a way okay. They have an identity and a belief system that says they can and they take the action or even if they have a belief system that's kind of wishy-washy they take the action. Anyway and in the act of taking that action they become the person who can own it it's a feedback loop which means you can start at any point on the.

Continuum and as long as you follow through the rest happens automatically. Okay. So let's look. At victimology now this comes from my defense against the dark arts program uh let me go to my screen really quick um hold on a.

Second where's my share there it is all right. I'm gonna make. I'm gonna actually make this significantly bigger. So we can see it all all right.

So let's talk about let's talk about terms and definitions really quick. So social. Predators defined what you're seeing up here is um what we call the. Friendship the golden rule of friendship we find people emotionally attractive when they make us feel loved respected valued admired accepted attractive.

Etc the. Friendship formula says we like people who make us feel good about ourselves this is truth this is why even though the name of the program is killer influence our modus operandi our method of moving through the world is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good for just having met you. But the secret behind this is that when you make somebody feel good about themselves they automatically like you more this is a this is a a trump card no. Pun intended that both sides of the of the persuasion.

Paradigm play narcissists will make you feel good about yourself and. Then pull the rug out from under you good friends will make you feel good about yourself. But they'll also call you on your [ __ ] because they love you right. One often masquerades is the other.

But the outcomes are often quite different. So narcissists tend to me are people who move through the world with an entitlement mentality and a grandio self viiew covert narcissists are the. Perpetual victims the world's always out to get them it's always somebody else's fault okay. Sociopathy hold on say let me.

I just got to clean this up a little bit and antisocial personalties are character disturbance don't mistake them for damaged they don't care how they got that way. So let me explain this a little bit oops sorry for the the weird formatting stuff going on here uh all right. Uh let me explain this this statement here we don't care how they got that way when you encounter people who have a diagnosable condition like uh antisocial personality disorder or character disturbance uh narcissist macu. Valance things who are are really on the the dangerous.

Spectrum. Psy the psychological. Fields have spent a lot of time studying how they got this way and they want us to treat them like victims they want us to treat them like they uh it's not their fault that they're the way they are what. I'm about to say is going to sound harsh it may even come across as cruel or bigoted in the realm of self-defense we don't care how they got to be the way they are okay.

We don't care how they got to be the way they are because they don't care right. A lot of people who are that's the word. I'm looking for exemplars of these particular personality types are what we call couch broken what does couch broken mean couch broken means that if you take one of these people and you put them in a psychotherapist office they know exactly what to say who to blame how to play the victim how to say everything they need to say. So the psychotherapist checks all the boxes gives them a pass and puts them back out in society okay.

This is a thing my go my friends a lot of these people have been in and out especially the really bad ones have been in and out of all kinds of therapists counselors coaches you name it they know how to play the game we have to take the track that these people are unrepentant predators who view kindness sympathy compassion as stupidity and weakness that they are not going to change they have no. Desire to change and that if we let them they will perpetrate these things on us now a lot of the caregivers out there are gonna say well that's just wrong that you've got to give these people no. No. You don't why not because they will take advantage of that they're looking for that in their vict victims they're looking for people who will give them a pass who will.

Overlook. Minor transgressions on their boundaries because minor transgressions of boundaries leads to larger trans transgressions of boundaries okay. So one of the things. I want you to start to pay attention to in your life are who are the people that are always violating your boundaries a little bit.

But they do it often right. They say they're going to show up at a certain time and they're always late they ask for something you give it to them they ask for something else and. Then ask for a little more or ask for a little more or they go and they do something and. Then when you call them on it they say oh.

I didn't think you'd mind right. If. I and. Then they turn to turn it around these are the people that you need to be zero now we all have these behaviors we all have these things from time to time to time okay.

Doesn't make you a narcissist although every nervous system is narcissistic to a certain degree remember that narcissism is on a spectrum does that make sense okay. You have to know what your boundaries are you have to know where your boundaries begin and other people's end and you need to be willing to maintain those boundaries one of the things that. Predators especially date rapists and and and people of that ilk look. For they look.

For people who aren't going to go to the cops who aren't going to raise a fuss how do they do that it's well this is one this is. Wendy's book. So when you when you get her book. You'll read about this this one particular guy was a nomad and he would travel from town to town to town and he would find somebody in the office where he was working he would set up a date and.

Then he would intentionally show up late and based on how the the girl the woman who was waiting for him who had picked the place near her home responded he would know how far he could push boundaries okay. When you come to killer influence. I'm going to show you face reading. I'm going to show you markings on the face that show malleable boundaries or people who had their boundaries violated in the past and who are likely to capitulate if their boundaries are pushed harder now.

I believe that these are things that at some level natural predators are tapped into they can spot these things in people okay. There's certain things with the lip certain things with the bridge of the know certain things in and around the eyes. That can signal someone who's either more predatory or someone who's more likely to be the target of these predatory behaviors okay. You learn those things in defense against the dark arts and and some of the face reading and killer influence.

But let's look. At some other things um on a hold on a. Second really quick okay. Um let's look.

At victimology. So was was that little explanation was that useful or did that take us away from the focus of what people wanted to learn what do you think okay. Good good good good all right. So here's another another chapter from my this is this is a little bit more this is a little bit more straightforward.

So how narcissist sociopaths and macallans mind control. Cults. Etc select targets one of the things you need to understand is a predator is a predator is a. Predator whether you're a cult leader a cult member looking to recruit more people a human trafficker uh human traffickers often use children to.

Target other children. So there's a lot of mind control and grooming going on uh in these fields narcissist sociopaths melians does anybody not know what. I mean when. I say a ma when.

I talk about a mellan okay. Ma iens let me go back to the um. Na. Ellens are extroverted insincere and interpersonally duplic.

So they may or may not be. Psychopathic they may or may not they're usually highly narcissistic. But they they tend to they they a lot of times they're really good at kind of keeping it under wraps. U they may be antisocial.

But not always or sociopathic rather. But not always machiavellians are extremely manipulative and in sincere they they're very good at um playing the social dynamics game right. So um a really good book. There's two good books actually uh by.

Robert. Green um principal. I think it's uh one is called 48. Laws of.

Power and the other is human nature. I think is what it's called get those two books and you'll you'll start to understand a little bit of the. Mackie valan side of things. Bundy yes.

Very much. Bundy was all three he was a dark. Triad okay. Uh signs of.

So of psychopathy just for the sake of clarity they have a sadistic nature now by the way this is this comes from my my uh my good colleague. Chase huse uh psychopathy does not exist as a as a diagnosis in the uh the dsnv right. You what you have are forms of psychopathy like bipolar disorder is a psychopathy y um uh depression is a psychopathy right. Um.

But there is no. Psychopath diagnosis. But. Psychopaths tend to have a few things in common especially the.

Dangerous. Ones um you see it. So they have a sadistic nature this motiv they they motivate others through fear rather than respect they intend to destroy rather than correct okay. They tend to be very glib and constantly turn on now again think.

Bundy on this one. Bundy was a very very very. Charming individual right. So they're very glib they can turn on a very superficial kind of charm narcissists are good at this too uh.

But they may or may not be be sadistic in nature grandiose estimation of self these people think their [ __ ] don't stink they're smarter than everyone they're better than everyone they're more privileged than everyone nobody else matters okay. They live in their own. Universe which they're the center of and. So you're expendable okay.

They're. So important in their own mind that normal societal rules do not apply to them they are pathologically deceptive most of the times they're lying they don't even know what's true and what's not they live very parasitic. Lifestyles. So again these people tend to be.

Nomads they'll attach themselves to people and they will bleed them dry and. Then move on they you can you can you can spot sociopaths and. Psychopaths by following their history do they leave a trail of broken can hurt disempowered people behind them right. Now the problem with the problem with dealing with these people is this they are glib and very very.

Charming they're often very very attractive now here's the problem with that how many of you have ever heard of something called the halo effect type it in the chat okay. This is something. I normally teach in my lie detection class. But it's something that you all need to understand too and it has to do with physical and emotional attractiveness it's a human thing the more attractive we perceive somebody to be the more ethical honest intelligent trustworthy um and straightforward we tend to believe they are let me repeat that the more attractive somebody is physically especially.

But emotionally can be just as compelling the more we want to believe they're everything good now why is that an issue because if you're dealing with some one of these. Predators who has spent a redonkulous amount of time within using what we call impression management impression management is the ability to give you the impression of somebody they're not of making you think they are who they say they are impression management is huge okay. The moment they've established an a. First a positive.

First impression with you your neurology creates a worldview a narrative around this person that is all bright. And shiny and haloyoutube you will tend to resist any information story narrative or anecdote that contradicts the impression and the story you've created about this person it happens automatically right. When. I teach lie detection which we also do in in defense against the dark arts one of the things.

I talk about is something called a truth biased human beings there in spite of the fact that we have a 4 to1 negativity bias in our neurology we tend to view people as telling the truth until it's proven that they're lying. So people can tell us the most redonkulous things and as long as they keep repeating it keep repeating it we will start to believe them and once we've decided to believe them we will resist any evidence to the contrary you understand how this works once. I've established a good impression in you. I have a.

Halo you've created a series of stories and narratives about who. I am and what. I represent and you don't want to entertain any information that contradicts that how does that how does that play out functionally in defending ourselves against these people well if you create that positive impression or somebody creates that positive impression in you and you have this formula that you've been taught for how to check them out how to check their focus lifestyle. Association groups to find out how consistent they are because of that positive impression you will at the very least resist using it you will not want to do that process because it will destroy your.

Illusions it will make you wrong in your own eyes. And it'll make this beautiful person in front of you ugly that's the truth in order to be not a ailable for the menu metaphorically speaking you have to cognitively flip the script and and. I. I hate to have to say this because it it it comes across as negative you have to assume that everybody's full of [ __ ] until you're sure they're not right.

When. I'm teaching lie detection. I talk about deception detection mode where when you're talking with somebody you have to focus only on the things that don't match in the sentence you have to focus only on the details that don't match up because if you start to pay attention to what makes sense you'll start to overlook. The discrepancies when you're profiling a human being to find out if they are who they say they are you have to assume they're lying to you you have to assume they're lying to you and proactively go check them out through their.

Facebook. Their social media whatever venue or avenues that you have to validate who they are you must proactively do that because the longer the more time you give them to cement that positive impression in you the less likely you are to go to go act to of your own free will go check them out and the less likely you are to believe other people when they tell you the negative things this person has done you've all had this experience you've all dated somebody that your friend said don't date that person right. They're this they're this they're this. But oh you've got you've got love goggles on right.

And it turns out weeks or months. Later that your friends were [ __ ] right. Your parents were [ __ ] right. Why didn't you see it it's because of this halo effect this this positivity bias that attractive people generate in us okay.

Even people high did if you read. Dr. Patrick's book. Red flags she'll tell you narcissistic people are liked even when people know they're narcissists that's one of their superpowers they get people to like them even though they're full of themselves because they're charming and they're fun.

So sumus is saying. David. I know how. I now.

I know have some of these bad hunt. Tendencies such as covert narcissism how do. I fix some of these issues. First and foremost you got to realize that you have the issues most narcissists.

I know even if they admit to being somewhat narcissistic won't do anything about it they just won't because they don't really think it's their that they have the problem antisocial personality. Psychopaths even more. So they don't think they're wrong they think the world is wrong and they're going to fight the world that's just how they operate right. Uh great book.

That you can read is called character disturbance. I think it's by. Steve. Hassen um there's a book.

On. Cults by also that's really good um let's see here um. Al says with parents at a different aspect as well we do what we our parents tell us not to do also okay. Want to believe yes.

All right. So aside from reac. But now think about this how many people how many times have you met somebody that you. Later regretted getting with.

But when you. First met them they swept you off your feet and every one of your friends or or. Close. Associates was telling you oh.

NE neay and you didn't want to believe it you you you you knew they were trying to help. But you came up with some kind of rationale to not act on true not true okay. There you have it now. I want you to understand that true predators are experts at playing this game they're experts at perpetuating this.

So not that. I want it's not that. I want you to go around. Second guessing every feeling and emotion that you're presented with.

But you need to every time you feel a strong emotional push or pull you need to step back step back from the emotion this is where the. State control training and killer influence comes from it's the ability to step back and not be overwhelmed by those good or bad feelings. So you can evaluate the situation and take positive goal oriented actions to screen and profile and figure out who this person is in front of you. So you can know how to deal with them.

But if a person if they come in and they knock you off your emotional base and they compress that friendship cycle now you're you're on your you're like a boxer on your on his heels in a match you you you you can't get solid footing and you can't check them out. So you can take the actions and now they can get in does that make sense this means yes. This means no. Okay.

Okay. All right. So back to victimology if you can check any of these boxes these are things we want to start looking at remember that vulnerability oh hold on. I got to get back to screen screen sharing okay.

Remember that vulnerability equals suggestibility it's actually one of the. P most powerful uh hypnotic levers of suggestibility that there are if you're on any form of. SSRI prescription um these are selective serotonin reuptake. Inhibitors usually used for depression um these will tend to make you a little bit more vulnerable okay.

Uh if there's been a recent death in the family grifters and con artists especially love targeting people who've had a a loss uh in fact one of the things that uh. Dr. Patrick writes about in her book. Was con artists who hang out in support groups uh for widowers and widows and they they they ingratiate themsel and become a housemate and.

Then they start to just. Rob these people blind right. So again if you had a recent death in the family there's an emotional hole there that's not being filled these people will find a way to fill it for you if there's a history of mental illness in your family you could be uh more easily targeted uh by these. Predators right.

If there's been a recent divorce or end of a relationship now there's another emotional hole inside that's yearning to be fill there's an emptiness inside that you're looking to to fix that's when some of these people will start to show can start to show up and use and use that leverage over you recent financial problems recent loss of credit these are things again you start to get when you when your finances start to go crazy you're constantly in this state of of fight. ORF flight like you don't know where your your. Next meal is coming from you don't know where the money's coming from now people can swoop and say. I've got the answer to all of your problems just sign here boom and the.

Next thing you know you're in a soup kitchen right. Um if you have a history of seeking help from suicide hotlines if you're someone who's constantly used to reaching out for help okay. Um these are things that can put you on high on the uh on the trafficking list if you have a history of very few close friends if you're a loner this is a big one um a lot of your your. Cults and human trafficking um.

Rings will look. For people who are. Outsiders they don't they're not part of any particular click they don't have a big support system they may or may not be at odds with their family at home they're looking for a place to belong there's a need for acceptance and approval that's not being met and these people will step into that role and give them the validation the affirmation they'll have credibility they'll have emotional appeal and they'll be they'll dress and act in such a way that the person the victim. I identifies with the the the the the predator and becomes groomed to be emotionally dependent and needy on this person.

So again there's five there's five things you wanna you want to be very aware of that that all these. Predators use you might want to write this down all social predators are proactive what does that mean they know what they want they know what they're looking for they know how to look. The part and they automatically put themselves in the locations and the environments where the targets go and and and propagate and and um. So word.

I'm looking for [Music] um come together to where they where they go okay. That's proactiveness from an anti-predator perspective we need to be just as proactive we need to have a set of parameters and guidelines and rules of thumb and procedures that we follow that when we deal with a person we do we check the boxes and we don't do it to be mean we don't do it to be elitist or snobbish we do it to be certain we do it to be safe we do it to make sure that the people letting giving access to the intimate parts of our life actually deserve to be there okay. So you need to be proactive as well the. Next thing they're going to do is they're going to create an identity they're going to create a way of dressing a way of talking a way of.

Behaving that the victim or potential victim or. Target identifies with oh you're just like me right. We call this the identification principle this is one of the big the big big uh. Uber principles in human influence people like people who are like themselves the more like me you are the more.

I like you right. It's. So pervasive. Alexander penin at the.

University of. Stanford in his book. Hest signals said if you if you go to the mall and you buy a watch or a cool pair of shoes and you get on the bus to go home and you see someone sitting down the aisle with the same set of shoes or the same watch you've got on the chances of you walking over and starting a conversation go up astronomically human traffickers when they're when they're targeting a victim they'll pick who they want and. Then they'll find someone in their organization who is the same age the same gender the same height build look.

They'll dress them in ways similar to the. Vic victim they'll give them a lot of money they'll have that person they'll observe that pattern's pattern every day and. So let's say that person walks home every day and they go into a convenience store when the when the trafficker has enough information what they'll actually do is they'll send that little girl dressed like the target into the store she'll go in she'll watch what she buys and buy the same thing and when they go to check out she'll put her stuff. Next to the.

Target stuff and strike up a conversation about how great minds think alike and blah blah blah blah blah and now. Boom the identification principle kicks in this person feels instant connection and. Rapport now they'll go into credibility and affirmation because the person identifies because the target identifies with. The.

Predator they now have credibility right. This person has more what this person says has more validity because the person telling it to them is just like them okay. And what's it what what is the the the trafficker or the the. Predator going to do they're going to affirm they're going to get this person to open up and talk about their family their problems and they're gonna affirm they're going to take this person's side on everything and they're going to project and redefine and reframe the blame.

So that it's not this person's fault it's the family's fault it's the teachers fault it's society's fault it's their other friendss fault it's not them and that creates a deeper level of emotional need in the. Target okay. So you have proactivity identity emotional appeal now we've got emotional appeal this person has now through their credibility and through their affirmation created such an emotional attraction in the. Target that this person just wants to be with that person because they're getting the validation that they need.

So there you have it proactivity identification credibility affirmation emotional appeal yes. Remember the overall principle people like people who are like themselves we instinctively inherently like people who make us feel good about ourselves okay. So let me remind you you the clock is running on our on our on our class today. But before we go.

I want to just remind you that the clock is also running on our special offer um let me just review that for you really quickly if you haven't clicked the link please do. So now again these are just little bits and pieces um hold on a. Second. I guess that'll be it why can't.

I find my screen here there we go okay. So once again on the. Block tonight going going almost over secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value defense against the dark arts $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free again the the things. I'm teaching you are from defense against the dark arts.

So. Renegade reframing $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the. Charisma and conversion this is for people who are going to be public speakers or authors or coaches or what have you this is. So you can leverage your your one-on-one uh persuasion skills to groups of people and have them actually rushing to the back of the room to be your customer be your clients or whatever it's a $1,997 value we're going to give you three-month trial membership to the.

NP. Mastermind mentoring program it's an $891 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation atosis crash course valued at $997 and. Then you're going to get that five-day uh killer influence. VIP super ticket uh.

January 23rd to the 27th uh here in. San. Diego 2024 thir $3,150 value total package value here is $3,519 you can get it all for one low installment of just 99.97 or three easy installments of 3.97 each all you got to do is click this link on your on your chatter in your screen right. Now go to www. killer influence.com slgo click the link click the link click the link before it's gone.

I'm only probably going to do this review one or two more times before we log off tonight's webinar any questions about while you're clicking the link is there any questions about the things. I've talked about tonight has it been help. Al says helpful yes. Okay.

Chris kavana asked a great question why is seeing through the. BS of these. Predators. So natural for some.

But opposite for the others a lot of it uh. Chris depends on your history uh your inherent level of neurosis versus sociopathy uh and your history if you grew up in a place where you had to fight for every piece of validation or every piece of affirmation and approval you're a prime target for people who offer it easily right. If you're someone who's had a health a a healthy amount of positive validation you were given good boundaries right. Then these people flag because they're not a lot of times they're not congruent and that's how it's and that's what it gets easy what we look.

For is a lack of congruity where things don't line up. But for people who are in in desperation mode man they'll grasp the tip of a sword to get even a chance at getting a validation or or affirmation of themselves it's it's it's it's really big a big problem. But this that's basically what it comes down to. Rebecca's asking if one of these slippery suckers.

Gets. In. Your. Circle how do you move safely without risking an escalation um it really again there's there's a lot of different ways to answer that question it really depends on what kind of.

Social. Circle we're talking about you know are these people going to are you the. Target or are you an obstacle right. One of the things that uh these.

Predators will do once they've infiltrated or or inst or um insinuated themselves into your. Social. Circle if you're the target. Then they're going to romance.

The. Living. Daylights out of you and they're going to vilify every single other person in your circle they're going to find ways to for you to alienate yourself or to alienate them from you. So they have you all to themselves if there's somebody else in your group that they're targeting you will be the obstacle and.

Therefore you will become the thing that needs to be gotten rid of and. So they will engineer back talk rumors gossip that make you look. Bad or cause the person to come to a negative conclusion about you. So they will willingly remove themselves from your orbit okay.

So the question becomes if someone putss in your circle how much damage are you willing to cause to get rid of them how much damage are or how much of a disturbance are you willing to make to expose them because most predators are counting on not raising a fuss not making noise not attracting attention okay. They're they're counting on that that's one of the things they look. For is people with weak boundaries or weak sense of self uh who won't make a fuss who are easy to cow or who easy easy to intimidate okay. So there's a lot of there's a lot of variables in that.

But a lot of it comes down to how much of a dick are you willing to be to out these people and what are you what price are you willing to pay to do it because nobody nobody really appreciates having their. Illusions destroyed even if it's the best thing for them. But good friends will do that for you good friends are willing to take the heat to be the bad guy to try and protect the people they love okay. Fair weather friends they won't raise a fuss because they don't want to be have anybody mad at them okay.

Um yeah again remember what. I remember at the beginning of the webinar. I talked about identity and action you see how it all goes back to these two things who are you what are your beliefs how strongly are you willing to stand up for that and are you willing to act on it and if you are willing to act on it what are you willing to do how far are you willing to go and what are you not willing to do what's your. Line in the.

Sand right. You need to develop this haha. I'm here. I do know now right.

This this is why throughout the entire webinar you guys notice. I keep coming back to these two things ident identity and beliefs of which identity is one and action what are you willing to do what are you not willing to do right. Lack of action comes down to two basic fundamental attributes or aspects you either either don't know what to do which is a skill set issue or you're not willing to do which is a mindset issue both can be addressed. But it's important to know where your problem actually is you know if you've got somebody who's infiltrated thems into your.

Social. Circle and is wreaking havoc on your friends you may want to do something you may be willing to do something. But you have no. Idea what that's a skill set issue and that's where courses like killer influence or defense against the dark arts or.

Renegade reframing can help you maybe you know exactly what to do maybe you know exactly how to do it. But you're not ready you're not willing you're afraid you're doubting yourself that's a mindset issue and that's where courses like secrets of. Personality transformation uh. Renegade reframing um identity by.

Design they can make the difference right. Inner game versus outer game right. You need them both right. This course is primarily uh understanding the inner workings and the outer game the techniques the tools the.

Tells that allow you to identify and flag these people and. Then build the willingness to take the actions most people believe lies not because they believe the lie. But because the the consequences of challenging the. LIE are far more painful than just going along right.

And that's that's the the tight. RPP you're going to walk with these with these practices there's always a possibility you get it wrong. But is the possibility of getting it wrong more dangerous than not doing anything right. And that's something.

I can't. I can't say. I can't make that just judgment for you that's something you have to judge right. Okay.

So. Al says. I was a psych major in school and learn more in your video than in most of my semesters of classes well thank you. Al.

I appreciate that. I'm all about applied sciences. I'm all about okay. This is the theory these are the techniques what works out there what works against those guys right.

This is the stuff. I've come up with and. I didn't develop these things really for the public they became things. I developed for the public.

I developed them for me because. I grew up being bullied. I grew up being lied to. I grew up being abused.

I grew up persecuted in every way a little kid can be persecuted and. I needed answers and they weren't there weren't any and. I had to find them and in that search. I.

I found them. I. I went through a lot of hell. I went through a lot of time and energy trial and error and.

I found the little gold nuggets that the differences that make the difference and. I just kind of collected them and hoarded them. But along the way along the way. I discovered something.

I never thought. I would. Kindred. Spirits people like you who have the same angers and hatred and betrayals and and deceits in their life and the and the bullying and and all the things that that shouldn't happen in this world.

But do and we're we're joined by that we all have been betrayed we've all been lied to we've all been we've all lost we've all been taken advantage of that that is something that brings us together the question is what do we do about it right. Now we can get mad at the world and and be jaded and harsh or we we can be proactive and heal and fill in the gaps in our education fill in the gaps in our defenses and and our social. Acuity. So that we are no.

Longer on the menu and we can make a positive difference in the lives of everyone whose lives we touch and that's my goal. I'm still healing. But the reason. I can do the things that that.

I do is because of the hurts. I went through and if. I can ease that in people. Then.

I'm doing my job okay. And that's why. I do. So much on.

YouTube it's why. I do all the free events. I do out here it's why. I see clients.

I sell clients today for more time. I've seen more clients this week than. I have in a long time right. Because we're needed.

I can't do it alone and my goal is to change the world one person at a time starting with you right. Well you know ml says you turned a bad experience into a good thing yes. I did. But.

I believe we all have the ability to do that in fact. I think that is part of all of our missions here is to take those negative experiences and transmute them and transform them and use them to bring more light into the world. I know. I'm sounding like a faith healer now.

But. But that's the goal you're surrounded by trauma and bad [ __ ] all the time. But you don't have to be a part of the problem you can be part of the solution right. So that being said um we're coming up at 7 o'clock.

So uh. Last call as they say um go ahead and share my screen once again this is the. Last call for the full monty the secrets of human influence home study course $2,497 value defense against the dark. Arts if you like even a little bit of what you you got here there's tons more in the actual course it's a $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free just click that link and come to the training we're going to give you the.

Renegade reframing home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to hit. Charisma in conversion. So for those of you who are coaches and counselors and things like that if you want people to flock to your room buy your books become clients this is the course that was designed for you $1,997 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get three months of trial membership and. Hands-On training the.

NP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's an $891 value. But it gets 13 years of unlimited access to the video archive massive massive value free stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course $997 value you're going to get that free and. Finally the cherry on the.

Sunday the icing on the cake the thing that takes it to the. Superhero level the killer influence. VIP super ticket 5ay certification boot camp it's a $3,150 value folks you get it free if you're one of the. First 21 people to click that link right.

Now before. I log off this webinar okay. The ticket does not expire if you can't make the. January training you just let us know we'll move you to the.

Next one if you want to give that training to somebody else that you think can use more that's okay. Too the total value of this package goes well beyond the numbers if you really think about it $3,519 worth of stuff all you got to do is invest in yourself for $99.97 or break it up into three payments of 397 each you have 60 days risk-free try it if it works keep it build on it go forward if it doesn't let us know we'll give you a refund just click that link right. Now click it. So you can move forward click it.

So. I can help you become the person you are meant to be to live the life you are meant to live and show you step by step by step how to use these techniques and how to use them the right. Way click that link right. Now reach out to.

Moss reach out to. Mia that's that's all. I in the words of. Forest.

Gump that's about all. I have to say about that. So. I hope you enjoyed tonight's uh training.

I hope it has given you something to think about some ammunition to use everything you need is in the courses that we've outlined uh use the. E if you if you if you're still on the fence that's fine take the echo technique take the emotional motivation checklist take the playfulness drill that we did use those every day with as many different people as you can notice what happens to the reactions and the responses you create in the world okay. Life is like a box of chocolates. Muhammad says.

I can't wait to dive into the courses. Natalie says thank you you're welcome in the words of the immortal caliber net. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night my friends. God bless click those links join us in. January and may your life never be the same good night and. God bless.
