Title: DPVYSPmqb7E.txt
Video Id: DPVYSPmqb7E
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DPVYSPmqb7E

For hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David checking in for another super surprise mystery magic. Tuesday it's been a pretty interesting day.

So far. I was uh you can see. I'm ual in my spiffy com comat. Systema t-shirt and.

I just wanted to check in with y'all see how everybody's doing oh. Frank says cool glasses thank you there's. Cynthia hey hey back there's. Jacqueline hey hey hey there's balet and red ice and dujon all right.

So um not gonna stay on for too long tonight. But. I just thought. I'd come in and check in with my.

C my. My. Tribe and see what you guys if you guys have any questions or anything you guys want to talk about if there is go ahead and type it in the chat and we'll go from there anybody have questions things you want to talk about things on your mind. So to speak not a damn thing huh that's all right.

See where we're at here hold on a. Second nobody's got anything huh uh. Red. Ice is saying hey.

David. I saw one of your videos on the. Garden technique nette says you look. Great like a new person.

I. I have a slightly different color scheme today you know. I was. I uh.

I saw clients today and. I've been spending some time with my daughter. So she's downstairs um in a whole other world with her headphones and stuff like that. So.

I figured. I'd check in with my my extended family okay. So red ice is asking how can. I do that to myself meaning the garden okay.

So the secret to this is is remember what it was like when you were a little child playing pretend that's basically how you do it you just pretend that you're standing in a you pretend to be in the deepest trans humanly possible count yourself down open the gates and now you see all these beautiful statues and they're really kind of like. Iron. Man armor and each one represents um an aspect of yourself that has a certain amount of energy flowing to it from your unconscious mind you look. At each of those statues and you physically.

Reach. Out you pull the plug see it power down and dissolve walk over to a part of yourself that you want to have more energy that you want to be more on dominant plug that in feel it power up right. Just like the. Iron.

Man armor. Powers up right. Um if you ever seen the. Iron.

Man armor powering up or you've watched any of those videos where there's power armor just activating those are really good visuals that you can install into this process the secret is getting your body engaged and being playful with it right. And and that's really the secret um if you are still if you still having trouble with it. Then the best course for you to get to give you the basic skills is called self-mastery supercharger also known as secrets of. Personality transformation that'll give you the um the best hands-on walk yourself through it kind of a a process and you can take the skills you learn in that in that course and apply it to any of the hypnotherapeutic energetic psychology techniques that we that we show it's all the same foundations um.

Frank is asking. I can't control my state when meeting new people approached a woman was going to try three magic questions. But. I got.

So nervous after hello okay. So the. First thing you need to do is you need to chunk down what you're doing one of the problems that people have is they try to eat the whole meal in one bite meeting people is all about the other person it's about finding out if that person is cool enough to hang with with you right. If you if you lose that frame and you start to paint this person as being.

Superior to you or uh whose judgment on you is somehow indicative of how everybody else is going to pass judgment on you. Then you blow this person's proportion or importance way out of proportion. So the. First thing that needs to happen is you need to take the transformational.

Triad you need to apply it to every time in your life when you uh someone made you feel less than or you made you feel less than before approaching. So you need to clean all that crap up. Then you have have to rehearse going into positive. States and you need to do that for a good a good long time before you start approaching people the pro you can't just do these drills once and.

Then go and expect to be a home run hitter right. You've got to drill these are like these are these are like you know nobody walks into a a fitness center throws 50 pounds on the bar or 100 pounds on the bar says okay. I'm ready for the. Olympics right.

It just doesn't work that way you've gota you've got to build those emotional muscles you've got to get used to stay to getting into that frame and maintaining that state and that takes practice fun playful practice to be sure. But it needs to you need to practice it. So you need to chunk these things down into smaller and smaller bits. Master each bit and.

Then add the. Next bit right. Um and. So that's where.

I would start if you don't have the state control exercises from killer influence or stal. CPI. I highly highly recommend that you get that course and practice those those uh things diligently if you have a traction. Master let me close my door really quick as you can see.

I've got my uh. I've got my cool. Kung. Fu pants on.

I might have been thinking about doing some martial arts today maybe. I don't know we'll see um. But you have to chunk it down you have to get you have to have the full spectrum of drills and skills all right. Guaranteed.

Frank that you're you're the reason you're blowing yourself out is because you're making shitty pictures in your head and you're making the other person way too important and. I'm betting you're not having any fun right. If you if you're if you don't find approaching people to be fun that's the. First problem you've got to find ways to make it fun for you rewarding for yourself if it's not fun for you it's not going to be rewarding for the other person okay.

Tony. Mouse is asking difference between. Cocky and. Confident that's a great question um in some of the books.

I was reading and studying this is back in the early days when. I was um really really kind of trying to figure out my own pickup and attraction game one of the things. I. I.

I discovered that really seemed to to help was that a lot of women seek confidence in more cocky. Behavior now not like over the top narcissistic cocky. But you know a little little too sure of yourself kind of an energy seems to be uh cute and attractive confident when. I when people talk about confidence.

I think what they're really looking for is a sense of of comfort and certainty after looking into you know after doing therapy on literally tens of thousands of people if you think about just the amount of hours. I put on. YouTube right. Realize.

I have at least that many hours doing therapy um the thing. I see when people say they want to be more confident what they're really trying to say is. I don't want to. I don't.

I don't want to feel afraid. I don't. I want to feel comfortable in the interaction and. So.

I think that the whole certainty being comfortable in your own skin place to be is really what we were looking for in um in our approach the. Second thing is we talk about cocky okay. Well [ __ ] what does cocky actually mean right. Um the word.

I would use would be more of a witty um snarky kind of a a playfulness right. Um. So. I think wittiness and and um well witty wit is probably the best the best word for that.

But cocky has a kind of little bit of a. I can handle anything here hold my beer kind of an energy um. But it's more of a sure of them themselves kind of an energy that has a teasing quality to it and and the secret to that is um you really got to emphasize the teasy playful side of it rather than the uh the person with a. Perpetual chip on their shoulder who and is daring somebody to knock it off that's not the cocky we're looking for right.

The cocky we're looking for is somebody tried to knock a chip off my shoulder and they. W up getting them they. W up being in a pile of chips and anybody who's done that is you know. But you don't go out trying to like be the guy to daring you to knock the chip off if that makes any kind of um any kind of sense.

So that. I hope that that resonates with people uh. Natt jov says. David could you briefly go over the bangston method okay.

Nat what uh what aspect of the. Bankston method do you want me to talk about okay. Dujon is saying hey. I was curious on how to use adverbs and adjectives in a sentence and what works work best to get started okay.

So there's a um there's a video. I have here on on. YouTube called the 21 most powerful words in the. English language.

I highly recommend you check out that video those 21 words uh they have about three words per category are representative of seven categories of language that. I consider to be the most powerful um language systems you can use primarily because they're direct they're direct stimulants and products of specific filters that our nervous system has that that govern and control our subjective reality. So when you talk about adverbs adjectives and pres. So adverbs and adjectives are presuppositions as part of the language pattern.

C category that they belong to okay. The words that. I teach as as the beginning. Pathway to using them would be easily naturally automatically uh amazing unlimited truly simply logically those are the words that uh.

I have found the the broadest spectrum of use for they tend to give you the they tend to allow you to integrate your languaging into any population depending on you know your sensory cuity for example simply or uh let's let's look. At simply logically uh and intuitively you ever have anybody look. At you and say look. The simple truth is this the simple fact is this right.

And it and that the moment you put that simple in there there's almost this kind of no. [ __ ] this is how it is like it or lump it take it or leave it kind of an energy this is like the straight shooter talk there's a certain energy that the word simple tends to bring to the bring to the communication logically if you're dealing with people who. Pride logic and intelligence and data over feelings and emotions logically will suck them right. Into your narrative even though.

Logic the word logically has nothing to do with logic okay. But it will match their model of reality and. So they will tend to see what you're seeing and experience what you're saying as being logical because you let it with the words logically okay. Uh intuitively flip side if you have people who value their.

Spirit their spiritual guided uh channeling or their heart or they trust their gut these people are going to respond to more to the word intuitive far more powerfully than they will logically why because the intuition is something that they value more than the logic okay. So each of these words while being part of the ad adjective presupposition category also lend thems very very powerfully to certain psychographics or certain populations of people. So depending on like. I have one of my clients is a is a former heart surgeon had a heart attack wind up going into biotech he's surrounded by all these hardcore science-based uh.

Egos and. So. I just showed him all the different words that are in the adverb adjective presupposition category that sound that seem to lead logical realistic uh obvious concrete things of that nature. Then he just loaded his his his conversations with and people just automatically bought into what he said like it was you know double blind tested.

Placebo controlled and all that. So these are things that you can do there's a lot there's a that's a djon that's a very very very deep well. But the words like. I said easily naturally automatically unlimited amazing simply logically intuitively um and you can use truthfully as well.

But there's there's hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of words that fit these categories right. Pick a few that you can get the biggest utility out of overlearn them and. Then come back and add more. Red.

Ice is asking how do you do the. Triad technique. So the. Triad is not a technique the.

Triad has three techniques energy breathing or energy spinning color breathing and. Magic. Frame uh which we've done a lot of videos on um on the. YouTube channel you can find lots of examples of the.

Magic. Frame and the the. U energy spinning and color breathing. So um whiskey s in the book.

How. I raised myself from failure to success in selling the author. Advocates enthusiasm as his number one piece of advice others say that enthusiasm is bad for sales what's your view enthusiasm is super powerful okay. The problem is is what is the act what's the activity level and the sensitivity of the receiver when you're coming in to uh well we teach this in killer influence uh.

Alexander penin over at. Stanford in his book. In his research on something called honest signals if you haven't read the book. Honest signals by.

Alexander penin or. AKA. Sandy penin. I really recommend you pick that up and uh and give it a good read.

Because in that in that book. Sandin talks about four channels of non-verbal information that are active in any form of socially competitive environment and we talked a lot about mimickry in the and uh. Echo technique in the uh in the webinars and stuff like that um he talks about influence which is seen in a person's need and desire to mimic you uh there's activity level and. Then there's consistency and variability.

So there consistency variability is a. Continuum one we're going to talk about right. Now in regards to enthusiasm is the one called activity level when you approach any person or a group of people there's a certain. Vibe or a certain energy level that is the normal for that group.

So if you're vibrating here and they're vibrating here and you come in too high you're gonna you're you're. G to come in too strong and and they're literally gonna you're going to literally repel that group because your. Vibe doesn't match the vibe of the group if you're vibrating here and the other group's vibrating up here and you come in and you try to mesh now you're going to suck the energy out of that group and they're not going to want to mesh with you they're not going to gain. Report with you.

So you have to find what frequency that a group is vibrating at in terms of their emotional activity emotional energy and. Then you want to match that. So you can blend with it and. Then lead them up or lead them down depending on what the enthusiasm level needs to be.

So know regardless of what enthusias enthusiasm is powerful. I'm going to tell you that right. Now uh when. I was being schooled in door-to-door sales by.

Combined. Insurance um which which was actually written by uh some of the people from the same time period as how. I raised myself from failure to success and selling uh they would tell us enthusiasm cells to be enthusiastic you got to act enthusiastic not wrong the problem is is if you come in too enthusiastic with a group that's a little lower on that scale they're going to think of you as a spaz you're going to be in congruent as hell and they're gonna you're actually going to go back down the. Rapport skill.

So you need good calibration skills. So you can figure out where a group is at you come in you meet them at their level and. Then you raise them up together okay. That's how you control and use your enthusiasm um let's see here mirror the.

Greyhound says hi. Dr. Snider how is your energy today you are looking great well thank you thank you very much uh. I stopped taking this stupid medicine that they were trying to make me take to lose weight and.

I said [ __ ] you and now that. I got all the side effects out of my system life seems to be. I'm. I'm a little.

I'm a little tubby right. Now. But uh overall. I actually feel way better than.

I have in several weeks. So thank you for noticing um yeah let's see here. Adrien. LEP says what is the right.

Percentage of dark. Triad to be influential okay. Adrian. I'm gonna ask you to kind of um elaborate on that because you don't need to be a dark.

Triad to be influential at all and. I don't know that there is a percentage or a way to measure percentages unless you do some kind of a a. Cy a psychographic test of some kind. So if you can give me a better question.

I can give you a better answer. I love questions guys. But sometimes. I have to kind of take a double take with some of the questions you're asking me because again uh if you ask me a very generic question.

I have to drill down to to to give you the most specific answer. I can. So please don't be offended if. I ask you to clarify rephrase questions whatever uh let's see here bot brand says your face reading teachings have been tremendously beneficial for me thank thank you.

I'm. So glad. I'm excited because um uh. I want to do a lot more with face reading.

I think that's kind of one of the um it's like the unspoken heroes in our influence. Universe. I think it really does give us tremendous tremendous leverage in how we interact with people both in terms of profiling them and and understanding their behavior. But as well as um giving them things to talk about.

I really think that if you want to be super popular in any social or. Network working event let people know you're a face reader and they will beat this they will beat the doors down to spend time with you. But be very careful because if you know because what you're saying what you're reading is actually has a high probability of being true uh be careful not to weaponize it in other words don't use it to to make people feel bad about themselves okay. Uh.

But josen says can you go through the earth water air fire and void mudras. I could chose the question is what system do you want me to use because the. Buddhist system and every. Buddhist sect has its own mudras the dawa system has its own mudras um.

I'll bet the. Christian systems behind closed doors have their own mudras right. So when we talk about these different mudras which system do you want to know about you want to know about the viic systems what do you want to know uh. Christian delion says hey.

David. I have a hard time keeping the. Amplified feeling that. I desire to have have when using.

Magic. Frame even when. I keep the posture and breathing and make the image brighter the feelings run out okay. Christian it sounds to me like you're getting some things confused the the magic frame technique is used to clear things it's not necessarily and again posture and breathing is for.

State control. So. I'm not sure what it is you're trying to it looks to me based on the question that you're merging several things uh in a way that they're not really supposed to be merged remember. Magic.

Frame is for extracting safety lessons dissolving venting the emotional charge moving it behind you uh posture and breathing is about getting into a a state or breaking a state that you're in and going into a desired chosen. State on demand or maintaining a specific state in terms of the image brighter the feeling runs out. I don't know where that's coming from. I don't know what you're trying to do with that okay.

So again um we might need to clear up and clarify that question a little bit. Joshua. Langston hi. Dr.

Snider watch hypnosis videos regular to help me relax do you still do hypnosis induction trainings all the time yes. Uh we've got one coming up uh in. March identity by. Design is a fay uh if people are interested.

I'm thinking about doing a three-day virtual self-mastery supercharger sometime between now and. January um what do you guys think about something like that if you guys are interested in something like that go ahead and type. I'm interested in the chat and uh. I'll see about what.

I can do about getting something scheduled won't be free. But and it will be virtual. So for those of you wanting to know how to do self-work and things of that nature. I'll show you my approach to training other people how to do self-work okay.

Um. Andrew. Morris says genuine enthusiasm is probably best yes. And if you can't get genuine enthusiasm fake enthusiasm will work almost as well all right.

Uh s says what facial feature should a stage hypnotist look. For in ideal subjects it was only a matter of time before somebody asked this question okay. Big. Shiny eyes.

Um the bigger the eyes. The better generally speaking now that doesn't mean if someone has closed down eyes. Um that they're not a good subject. But when we're going by facial characteristics we want to look.

At people who have um especially for a stage hypnosis show you want somebody with large eyes. That are close to the surface in other words if you look. At the eye socket how how deep in does the eye socket go um the more see. I can remember this if.

I can remember it correctly. I think the deeper the eye the more introverted they are introverts tend to be a lot less um expressive in a stage shill it doesn't mean they're not good trans subjects it just means they might act out the way you want them to in a stage show. But generally speaking anybody who has very round very big eyes. Very uh wide pupils a full mouth um eyes.

Um eyes. That kind of tilt up these are usually people that are um very very suggestable they're very very. I shouldn't say they're suggestable they're very very open to communication and very very expressive. So the more the bigger the eyes.

The more wide open they hold the um generally speaking the more responsive they will be to hypnotic suggestions um in the context in which you're talking about uh let's see here sweat. Venom. Capone says what is the basic frequency for attraction framework frequency. I don't know what that means.

SWAT. Venom what do you mean when you say framework frequency for attraction yes. Casia. I'm doing an.

AM with my my my peeps you want to come in and join the crew. Everybody want everybody want to meet anybody want to meet my daughter she just ran out of the room screaming all right. All right. Let's see here uh.

Missing. Link eight says what's the best way of changing your state quickly and easily to get out of a feeling also how do you adjust the root cause instead of just avoiding the feeling okay. So. First of all we should never be avoiding feelings when we have a feeling we should recognize it call attention to it point to it and either deal with it right.

Then and there or let the part of us that's generating that feeling know that hey. I hear you. I get it we will deal with this as soon as there's an appropriate time we should never be avoiding feelings okay. That's the fastest way to to turn it into something worse okay.

Acknowledging your feeling accepting it's how you feel right. Or wrong real or imagin is the fastest way to moving through it and getting it out of you okay. Um fastest way to change. State change your posture change your breathing hold it for at least two minutes okay.

That's hands down. Bar. None fastest way to interrupt any state that somebody's trying to throw you in. Mr.

Maddy. G11 says hi. David numerology is getting pretty popular it's been pretty popular for a long time um and. So.

I'm wondering if you utilize numerology and. Chinese astrology in anything you do. I do not a lot of my uh my peers and my colleagues do uh numerology and astrology has not been something that. I have felt uniquely drawn to or vibrationally resonant with.

I understand it uh. I can kind of sort of muddle my way through it if. I have to. But.

I'm am far more focused on other aspects of physics metaphysics and uh manifestation uh let's see here the elements that are in the initiation into hermetics okay. I believe uh where did my book. Go uh. I believe that those are based on simple fingers if.

I if. I remember correctly let me see if. I can pull those up because. I don't.

I'll be honest. I don't use those mudras. But. I understand why some people might.

So let me pull up my little copy here and we'll talk about those here we go uh oh download limit reached maybe. I won't be doing it today um let me put a pen in that one because. I can't pull up my book. Right.

Now um. I'll tell you what. I'll do is. I.

I'll use. I'll teach you the mudras that. I've been for the elemental mudras. I've been using the longest time.

So uh. Earth is here fire is here air is here. I don't know if you guys can see that air is here void. So let's see and water waterers this way.

So moving from the lowest up we've got earth water fire air actually it's this way air void that's all five one more time with feeling earth water fire air void okay. Those are actually from the uh. I remember correctly the kogaru ninjitsu tradition that's the one. I.

First learned the mudras from and and. I think. I think. I also might have seen a similar set from the franois leine.

Coogi in. K koogi. KY training series don't quote me on it because. I'm doing this from memory um.

But. I. I've. I've never really used the um the.

Bon mudras. I had other mudras that. I worked with mudras only are only useful based on the time and energy you spend activating them there's no. Magic in the muder except the the magic that you build.

So whatever tradition you're going to follow stick with that tradition and really spend a lot of time charging the mudras for them to be effective for you they don't have any they don't have any magical power until they mean something they have value to you okay. Uh let's see here okay. Andrew. Morris says just wanted to say say good night.

I'll have to watch the rest of the video. Later and. David you look. Amazing really strong put together thank you very much appreciate you.

Andrew have a good night. Andrew says please take my money when it comes to be to being self-mastery supercharger. Super. Treasure okay.

Very good hermetics okay. Uh sweat. Venom says what is the easiest way to connect and control the situation excuse me okay. The easiest way to connect and control the situation is a understanding your three magic question question s getting your state here here's here's the seven stages you need control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their emotions that's the big picture easiest way to connect is by using the echo technique and the three magic questions the way to control is by asking questions that move people in the direction you want them to go to have them access the states and the resources and the behaviors you want them to do again the secret to the situation is having the sensory acuity to know if you're moving towards the things you want versus whether you're moving away from the things you want and the ability to adapt the secret to controlling any situation is the ability to perceive what's happening and the ability to change what you're doing until you get moving in the direction you want to move observation and adaptability are the keys to everything okay. If you follow the six stage identity uh. Universal persuasion protocol that gets even easier. But underlying all of that is the ability to pay attention to what's going on changing yourself to match the situation and.

Then keep changing as the situation evolves to become the person that the person that the person you're seeking to influence need you to be for them to become the person you want them to be okay. You make it about the other person now kind of flies in the face like when. I talk about putting too much value on another person the reason that you're changing who you are and what you do is to fit their lock not because you value them more than you value yourself okay. The secret the golden rule of friendship coined by.

Dr uh. Jack. Schaefer many many years ago people like people who make them feel good about themselves. So the more you can engineer and adapt your own presentation or how you're presenting yourself to facilitate that in the other person the more control you're going to have okay.

There's lots of way to amplify the control. But if you can't get those basics down the rest is move as my friend. Chase likes to say it's really not about the techniques it's about the person using the techniques right. Um.

I mean he's he's put out an $800 book. On persuaded influence basically has everything he's ever learned about influence and it'll tell you right. At the. First page it's not about the techniques in the book.

That are ma that matter it's about the person using them that's why most of. Chase's best people are actually trained by me because they go in with that ability to do that and. Then they take. Chase's material and they just take off like a rocket with it.

But that's the whole thing is who you who are who's the person doing the techniques. I'm a minimalist when it comes to persuasion and influence right. What's the least amount of things that. I need to do to get the maximum amount of return on my investment or a response from an individual right.

Because the less things. I have to track the less things. I have to do the more ability. I have to pay attention to what's going on and adapt to the situation okay.

Uh net says. Dr. David can you talk about what is in your hermetics and spiritual. Improvement courses online how does our non-physical self interface and operate with our neural network okay.

In my world there is for every physiological component in the body there is going to be a overlaying energetic and vibrational correspondence. So one of the things. I tell my uh my energy students in my. Advanced integr integrative mystical training training students and things of that nature is one of the hardest things about what we do once you get past the language level is learning to think in three bodies learning to realize that this is only one layer of a multi-dimensional being we call me or or.

I am okay. So you have a physical body you have an energy body and. Then a more amorphous. Spirit body each of these bodies will have different layers of density within it um.

So. But one of the things that has to be true from the physical layers the most the densest physical layers that we have all the way out to these very ephemeral very subtle spiritual frequencies is that all of this vibrational matrixes have to be processing and working in a language that the the highest as well as the the densest levels can understand those those that language is visual it's the language of the the senses visual auditory kinesthetic or factory gustatory and. So in my in my worldview rather than having. Aura surrounding our body.

I show you what. I call a three-dimensional um. Pro uh. XYZ grid and each of the spatial locations has is like a filing cabinet that has certain types of data stored into it if you've ever watched people uh talking or or emoting or talking about their problems you'll notice their hands are always moving their hands are going to certain places in or around their body right.

That's because these vibrational coordinates out here in space have a connection to what they're processing inside the three bodies extend out the hands are moving through it and. So it's accessing and moving information and energy within those three bodies right. That's why when you have deep enough level of rapport with somebody if you can figure out where our location is for a certain type of data or issue that they're holding you can connect with their system tap into their feed and literally move their pictures around and their problems will change or their the way they feel about certain things will change okay. Um.

I call it the proprioceptive grid because. I can't go to an or. I can't go to an anatomy book. And find an aura.

I can't go to an anatomy book. And find a chakra right. But. I can point to mirror neurons.

I can point to divisions of your proprioceptive nervous system. I can show you maps and graphs that demonstrate the effectiveness or the the effects of the cardiac nervous system and how these three things come together to create from a functional human level the energetic uh awareness of your your your body okay. Whether you believe the spirit body creates the energy body which creates the physical body or you believe the the physical body emanates an energy field and. Then the mind kind of swims or kind of floats around through there amorphously doesn't really matter what matters is that you can actually control this whole system by moving these things around changing colors changing vibrations and things of that nature we have we if once we understand the.

Dynamics of the autonomic nervous system. Then we can easily access and change any of the more subtle. Realms it doesn't always generalize that way from the subtle re we'd like we'd like it to generalize more effectively from the spirit to the energy to the physical and the only ways that we've seen to really do that effectively are through hypnosis. NP and hypnos and uh holographic resolution that's again.

I'm going off on a tangent. But if you've ever seen my little diagram of the proceptive grid that in a nutshell is is how we reconcile. Spirit energy and matter and how we can dissolve traumas or create new programs or program things into our future by understanding these spatial relationships and how the hands and the eyes. And the intention and the imagination allow us to rewrite those codes hopefully that an your question.

I'm not sure if. I went in the right. Direction there or not. But we'll see.

So uh actually. Andrew says actually. I do have a question um would it work to give it a time like remind me when. I'm laying down and.

I'll deal with it. Then. I do actually okay. So remember that your unconscious mind listens to what you tell it.

So if if something comes up. But you're not ready to deal with it and you say hey. I hear you. I see you.

I promise you that. I will deal with this at such and such a time you better make damn sure you deal with it at such and such a time because your unconscious mind is going to remember and if you do that one too many times it's going to say [ __ ] you. I don't believe you and it's going to give you an. AB reaction right.

On the spot because hey you've you know you've had eight of these come up eight times you promise you deal with it eight out of eight times you haven't dealt with it now you're going to deal with it okay. Remember uh. Milton. Ericson said it best clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their subconscious mind which means one part of you wants one thing or is doing one thing another part of you wants something else and you're not getting alone you both want what's best for the organism.

But you're going about it in diametrically opposed ways. So part of our job in. Planet. David is to teach you all how to become progressively more self-aware.

So you can communicate with the part of you that actually gets [ __ ] done. So you can get [ __ ] done right. That part of that though is about being honest and and having. Integrity within yourself right.

Sometimes that means being brutally honest sometimes that means pulling ripping the scab off something you've been denying forever sometimes it means looking at aspects of yourself and things that you've done that you don't want to look. At that you'd like to forget never happened or pretend never happened that's not how it works you know uh. Stephen. Park.

Hill one of my other by-proxy mentors used to say you will run out of body parts long before your unconscious mind runs out of ideas for getting your attention. So as. The. Love.

Guru says the only way out is in. So let's do that. But let's do that in the most efficient way possible and that's what the tools in. Planet.

David are about as much as. I love the medical. Chang. I'm learning we're still faster with what we do right.

You know people ask me which is faster spinning or uh. EFT and. I'll tell them with a a tongue-and-cheek smile on my face spinning beats tapping 10 out of tenen times okay. Um not that there's a lot of people have been helped by.

EFT. But if you want to look. At things in terms of pure speed and efficiency and. Effectiveness um it's hands down spinning right.

U that being said. I'm gonna start bragging about spinning now um let's see here. MD. G.

Mr. Maddie says appreciate it sweat. Venom. Capone says what is the.

EAS okay. I've already answered that controll a person without any real barriers okay. What do you mean what's the easy way to connect controlled person without any real barriers what do you mean by real barriers sweat. Venom balot says the camera set up looks great thank you.

I stole this background uh okay. Kristen. Delon says. I've always thought.

Magic. Frame was used to get into specific. State since your. YouTube video suggest making the frame bigger and wrap it around you for positive feelings that is true.

Christian. But what you didn't see was all the times we used it to get rid of stuff. First okay. I would go back review the transformational.

Triad which is. Magic. Frame color breathing and energy spinning and focus on getting rid of the stuff that's triggering you in the. First place um you might want to get the rest of the videos that go with that manifestation tool because.

I think. I know what video. You're referencing and in that context we were using it to. Prime the body to manifest things the thing that happens after the technique you saw is now we're going to go into energy cycling or or or image cycling.

So that that particular process was used specifically to amplify the energetic fields and neuro associations connected to each of the. L the the items on uh the people in class's lists. So that when they started to image cycle it there was this massive amount of energetic charge connected to each entry okay. So what you saw was a piece it was a very powerful piece it was a priming piece of a of a much longer process okay.

Remember when. I when. I put things on the on the. YouTube channel they are pieces of systems that.

I teach they're very powerful and they create power they individually they can create very powerful changes. But you have to understand the contexts in which. I'm presenting them and sometimes it's easier to get than others. So it looks to me like you you took.

This technique that was designed to manifest right. And you try to do it use it for other things. So remember if you're going to if you're going to use the magic frame to create something you want to manifest you have to feel it you have to turn it into a color breathe it through your body fix the positive energy into place and. Then let it go right.

The secret to all manifestation to all advanced um alchemical trainings or um. Transcendence trainings. I guess is a good way to say is you've got to let it go you've got to dissolve into it okay. You can't try to keep holding on to it energy that gets held on to stagnates energy that stagnates causes pain and disease.

So once you generate it unless you're going to store it in your low donen you let it go okay. Let's see here let's see um. Brian arms oh wait no. Noet says great thank you.

Cindy catchball how do you test to find out what level enthusiasm your group is at that we have training for that that's something that we actually do in killer influence when we talk about opening and and influencing groups of people. So we have approaching drills that we do where you once you learn the four basic metaph frames uh. Master and. Commander uh open heart trust trigger uh.

Rockstar metaframe and the. Jesus pose and or hakala. Then what you learn to do is you learn to uh go out into a a room turn on a state and as you approach the group you have to sense the energy level the the. Vitality level and interactiveness level of the group you're approaching you have to match that level and blend right.

There's there's whole drills that we teach in killer influence specifically for that okay. Um we also teach them uh if you got anybody has spycraft the the training. I did with. Chase use uh it's available for sale on the.

NLP power website we actually teach those drills there too plus you get a healthy dose of. Chase and. I tag teaming off each other uh let's see here sweat. Venom says.

I appreciate your answer good good good um oh you answered the question. I was just reiterating. Limitless. Lucario says.

I feel like. I'm living in my head how can. I start living from my heart practice feeling good in your body right. Practice moving your mind into your body and just becoming aware of what's there okay.

Um a lot of us spend way too much time from the neck up rather than from the neck down right. Um practice your framing drills and notice that when you make the frame bigger and bring it closer how the energy intensifies notice how when you push it away and make it smaller how it might diminish and practice those drills moving that energy in and really embodying it right. Spend a lot more time getting massages um moving into when you go into your body and and just track the different sens. Sensations in it become aware of the different qualities of feeling as you move your awareness from one place in your body to another this is actually one of the most.

I never talked about this. So. This is actually one of the most important most powerful things that we must do if we want to tap into the magic of our nervous system is we have to actually go into our bodies and become aware of all the sensations that are there you start by you know one piece at a time in kind a mindfulness kind of away you just allow your mind to just kind of settle into that area and as you do over time you'll start to discover more and more find out the body is actually quite noisy in terms of sensation right. And as you do that you'll start to make small finer and finer distinctions about what's going on in your body right.

And as you do that you'll actually start to gain the ability to influence those feelings more and more and more and more and more. But for most of us we've got. So much. Gunk down here that it's just it's just one big.

Cesspool of and it's all just noise we have to start clearing that out right. And there's lots of different practices and different ways to do that. But the. First thing is getting out of your head and actually into the tissues and literally just kind of exploring the tissues with your mind um and just allowing things to rise up into your awareness and when you find your mind drifting come back into it um these are things these are actually exercises.

I've been doing most of my life that. I never really talk about um mostly because no. One ever asks. But uh.

I spent a lot of time touring my body and using my mind to feel into certain areas into certain tissues noticing the contrast between like my liver and my gallbladder or my my my kidneys and my lungs or my heart and my my kidneys what's going on with my intestines that these are things that again we wouldn't think to do it it's just not something that most of us would would would think about doing on a day-to-day basis. But this is actually part of the alchemical processes that allow us to dis to to know ourselves a little bit better okay. So that's where. I would start baby steps um sweat.

Venom. Capone says what is the best technique out of the reptile book. H. I think the the best one is the whole the whole process where they chunk up.

So they it's kind of like you you you establish what you want the rule to be and. Then you chunk up. So it's. So generic that anybody would agree to it and if you don't agree to it you're you're just flagging yourself as an idiot and.

Then you chunk back down um. I love how they they turn the entire jury um um into thinking that it the the case isn't about the defendant it's about them protecting themselves from guys like that by sending a message that they're not going to let this guy get away with it uh those are the things. I think are really brilliant about the reptile uh and of course their understanding of of how the reptile works and how it thinks. So there's lots of really cool techniques in it um.

But those are the ones that come to mind. I haven't looked at it in a while. So um uh. Nico is asking any tips on making the image cycling process stronger yes.

Um if you just heard me talking about to the person who was using the magic frame to build a state that video. I think it's called how to unlock how to unleash your manifestation machine that whole meditation was designed to to do one thing it was designed to build such a powerful energetic charge to each item on the image cycling list that when they actually started running the list there was this massive. R release of energy in the body and throughout the three bodies. So if you take that how to unleash your manifestation machine meditation and you use it the way.

I do it for each of the items on your image cycling list when you start to cycle you're probably going to notice a significant uptake uh in the energy that you're doing. But the secret to image cycling in general is just have fun with it right. When it comes to image cycling as. I've seen you know with very few exceptions less is more.

So avoid getting stuck in doing it a specific way every single time avoid thinking that you have to do it for a certain amount of time every single time um and the moment you find yourself thinking oh. I have to do it this way because it works. So well. Last time that's the that's the beginning of dogmatized right.

If you if you start thinking. I have to do it this way. Then this and with this you're starting to ritualize it right. So.

I would come up with five or six different ways that you can do this that's fun for you and just roll the dice on any given day and play with it and see what happens you you're going to have a favorite there's nothing wrong with that. But when you start to think that the favorite way is the only way that's when we're getting a little close to to ritualizing things and don't get me wrong there's tremendous power in ritual um. But not the way you think okay. Um.

So. Scott saying uh after. Magic. Frame do you generally color breathe or spin.

Next how do you transition between color breathing and spinning if the color breath and there's nothing left to spin for okay. It's very simple. I go until. I'm done.

I start with magic frame because there's at least a 5050 chance that they've got a secondary issue a secondary gain for wanting to hold on to that even if they're not conscious of it. So the active magic framing itself will put a massive dent in it okay. After it's gone or after that part has been dealt with now. I'm going to have.

Scan the body is there anything left if there is what color is it once. I have a color. I have two directions. I can go assuming.

I've gotten all the safety lessons. I can spin it and we're done or. I can color breathe it and keep following the the this peel layer after layer until we're done or. I can spin it and if there's still any left now.

I can color breathe it. So the idea is. I just cycle from one to the other just changing it up at certain intervals until. I'm done uh you'll find that spinning tends to be the nuke it from orbit [Music] uh approach it still seem all the of all the three techniques in the.

Triad uh the spinning technique seems to have the most definitiveness of resolution in terms of one and done right. U. But as part of this this three-step uh chain linking kind of approach to the self-directed therapy um you might have to go back and spin a couple of things right. It it really depends on on how the how your system has woven those issues together.

So um. But it's really just following your gut following your instinct once you start with magic frame. Then uh you know trust your intuition to lead you to what's. Next when and doubt spin it out color breathing it's it's still going to be the fastest not color breathing uh energy spinning.

But color breathing works really really well and there's a whole deep well of progressions from the color breathing level one which is what we use in the. Triad all the way up to level six and seven which is dealing with 30 40 memb. M mories at a time. But that gets into holonomic regression and.

I won't go that direction unless. I feel that there's a lot more uncovering that needs to happen for this person to be willing to let it go and you know the issue might be a little bit more complicated uh whereas spinning tends to be just nuke it from orbit and it'll it'll will take care of it in the end right. Um. But together it's it's a really powerful powerful you could run a whole practice just on on those three techniques.

So. I highly recommend that. So. I hope that answers your question um.

Christian says what one. Last question wonderful teacher how can. I use drug of choice in your. David.

Snider way. I tend to believe you have a better way of doing things well thank you for that. I'm not sure if my way is better in term well if you consider easier simpler uh more consistent to be better than maybe uh. I love the drug of choice technique.

I really really really did and the way. I was originally taught the drug of choice technique is you have the person go all go all the way back to the very best drug or drug experience they've ever had now does it have to be a drug no. But you have them remember the moment they took. The drug what was the.

First thing that they noticed that let them know something was happening and where in their body was it and. Then what's the. Next thing they noticed that was happening and the. Third thing and you just you literally just have them recount each physiological sensation change or cognitive change that they had until they were fully in it and just the act of stepping them through that will tend to re-trigger that state.

I would. I would still probably use a lot of that. But. I could also say you know there was a time in your life when you felt the most amazing.

State ever. State you'd love to have again. I want you to remember the time you took. That where in your body did you.

First start to feel it and. Then what happened and. Then what happened and. Then what happened now.

I want you to just travel along. I want you to notice how those. Sensations almost form like a pathway through your body like a and eventually coming back to its point of origin. I want you to just imagine you're like a little boat floating on that.

River and each time you move through those. States those feelings get stronger and stronger and stronger and stronger. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those feelings are the strongest where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it if there were a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or colors would that be for you. First impression imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take into. Every. Beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of that wonderful. State and when you know you've got it breathe it through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead notice there's a color connected to those amazing feelings. So strong.

So powerful that every time you want to every time you need to all you got to do is imagine that color floating above your head wrap it around you breathe it through your entire body and just like flipping on a light switch those amazing feelings come flooding back twice as strong as the time before and every time you do that. I want you to notice that they get stronger and. I'd also like you to notice that if they're were a feeling a frequency a vibration or a color that would completely turn that sensation off bring you back to fully. Wide.

Awake fully alert. Consciousness what color of colors might that be for you. First impression imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head breath wrap it around you breathe it through your body a couple of times. So that every time you breathe that color through your body boom instantly your stone cold sober.

Wide. Awake fully aware completely clearheaded ready and able to willing and resp respond to anything in your environment when you know you've got that go ahead and imagine that other color the one that gives you those amazing feelings that amazing. State you want breathe that through your body notice how that that feeling comes rushing back 10 times stronger than the time before when you know you've got that breathe your other color through your body notice how that feeling just goes away and dissolves. I want you to just take a moment and practice breathe that state in feel that state come flooding back oh my.

God. So much better than the time before when you're ready to get rid of it ready to go back to driving or operating. Machinery or whatever breathe that other. CL boom sober as a preacher ready to go fully aware able and willing to operate and function in all the right.

Ways that are appropriate for you and. I want you to just play with that go back and forth turn that feeling on turn that feeling off turn that feeling on turn that feeling off and. I would just oscillate them back and forth until they can go back and because. I'm fractionating them what's going to happen is an those those states are going to become very very powerfully anchored in there and they'll be able to just access it anytime they want.

But the secret is not just evoking the state. But practicing it right. So you can want if you hopefully some of you didn't get too stoned by what. I just did.

But. U you get the idea let's see here okay. So let me see [Music] here an insta car driver hit my car in my driveway imagine you're at the top at a stoplight and the car neck starts moving that sensation okay. I'm think there's another conversation going on here that.

I'm not privy to let's see [Music] here. So. Christian. I hope that answered gave you a little bit of a a way to do it uh.

Brian. Armstrong when you let it go does that mean you remove it both from your conscious mind and your unconscious mind it means you stop thinking about it you let the other parts of your brain or mind that are going to process that do its job without interference or guidance from you right. You have to trust the system. Matt.

Kevlar. La. Rock. Says hope you have a great.

Thanksgiving thank you. Matt same to you sweat. Venom. Capone says is there a mental state in which your.

Systema works best. Systema is one of the best best ways to get into a flow. State. I've ever found.

So everything we do in. Systema involves an altered state. But. I couldn't be able to describe that state too other than flow and being fully connected from a spiritual all the way to a a semantic level it's it's a very very fascinating and amazing state to be in when that flow happens and they have a lot of ways to get you into those optimal flow.

States um. Timothy wear says morning guys. LC please advise how to make a lawsuit go away or go in my favor even though it looks as if. I'm at fault in actuality.

I am not at fault put it on your image cycling list that would be the. First thing. Second thing is um there's a cabalistic meditation in the 72 names of. God for winning lawsuits um.

I would look. For that in a book. Called the 72 names and start doing the meditations on that maybe even put put that on your image cycling list um let's see [Music] here. So.

Ballroom player. I noticed in reality a lot of things are based on convincing and understanding myself and others about things beliefs any thoughts and how. I can see this on an energetic level okay. Ballroom.

I don't really understand this question. So if you can kind of clarify it for me. I might be able to give you a better answer um it's about eight o'clock. I'm gonna have to get my kids home soon.

So. I'm gonna have to jump off. But. I hope you guys are having fun.

I'm sure colorful language doesn't hurt anyone s. Venom says okay. I don't know what. Timothy's talking about here let me see [Music] here complimented my friend's purple hair today and she said it wasn't any different than.

I realized it was her. Aura not sure. But it was purple hm you might want to make it let her know that what you're seeing. Ballroom player says boom.

Brian. Armstrong is it normal to feel electricity going through your body when you use this technique you demonstrated it's not uncommon in fact. I had a you know. I had a client today she was her body was vibrating like a freaking guitar string almost the entire session right.

One of the things you'll notice because of the integration of energetic spiritual frequencies and sematic frequencies and what we do stitch together through language and body movement that we release and we activate a lot of bodily resources that most systems don't. So it's very common to have these very powerful uh body shifts and changes that let you know something is truly happening right. Does it have to happen that way uh to be um to be effective no. Everybody's going to process and respond to these techniques differently okay.

Uh. Susan says have you been. Pumping. Iron.

David um. I don't think. So unless you count the forks. I've been using to feed my face right.

That's kind of pumping kind of buffed out. I don't normally wear these kind of t-shirts right. So um. Cynthia says.

Happy. Thanksgiving. David many blessings and thank you all right. Well listen guys um um like.

I said today was goingon to be short. But. I wanted to kind of connect. Tony the.

T says do you find spinning works better than using. Magic. Frame yes. And no.

Um. I use spinning and framing together because they complement each other. So powerful. I could.

I there was a time when. I could do spinning. I would do spinning without magic frame on everything that that the more clients. I work with the more variations on a theme.

I encountered the more. I realized that magic frame is the perfect warm-up softener precursor to any kind of spinning that you're going to do. So that's kind of this sop that. I use now.

But. I didn't develop it that way uh that's something. I evolve to from just watching people and observing okay. So.

Anthony. Kus says ask if you try manifesting relationship with an ex and wind up having a lot of emotional reactions over the. Next few days does that mean anything yes. It means a lot what it means.

I can't tell you though because. I'm not there and. I don't see the context right. But you have to remember if if you if you're getting back with an ex you broke up for a reason and unless you've taken you or or they or both have taken the time to resolve those issues in a way that they're not going to come back you're the clock is ticking keep in mind also that our partners as much as we love them and want to spend time with them part of their spiritual mission is to trigger us out the ass.

So that we have we can find the things in our minds and in our bodies and in our histories that need cleaning up. So we can become a better version of ourselves elves right. So if you're having emotional responses and emotional reactions understand that that's supposed to happen your job is to just figure out what it's trying to tell you. So you can resolve and integrate that into back into your life and become a better version of yourself okay.

Um pants in the grounds pants on the ground says the techniques will assist the one facilitating techniques could mean nothing to someone who practices extensively. But when you get it the techniques will integrate okay. Then not sure. I understand that.

But. I doesn't there's not really a question there. So. Cobra.

Viper thank you for everything you've given me even though. I live in another country. I've never met you personally you've changed my life well. Cobra.

Then. I've done my job right. Thank you. So much all.

I ask is that you use these techniques to improve your life and the world starting with yourself and. Then pay it forward teach other people how to use these things tell them where you got it. Point them at the channel like and share everything we do because tell me what you guys want to know about tell me what you guys want me to what other kinds of content you want me to create because if you leave it up to me. I may come up with something that is completely outside of what the [ __ ] you you look.

At my videos and go what the [ __ ]. David right. So again. I never set out by the way.

I never. I'll be honest with you. I never set out to be like a. YouTuber.

I. I was just looking for ways to get more traffic to my website um. I had all this content that. I was doing nothing with that.

I told myself. I would do something with one day and on aark. I just uploaded a ton of it to. YouTube just to see what would happen.

I came back three months. Later. I had 5,000 subscribers that was back in 2012 um because it was not mine to keep that makes any kind of sense my job was to share this information. So you guys could benefit from it.

But now that we've got 202,000 subscribers um the more you tell me about what it is you want to know about what you want to learn what you want me to focus on um. I can start to deep di dive deeper into things that you find interesting right. Because. I'm all over the map you guys may have noticed that right.

Um. I look. I. I.

I like cool stuff and. I like to hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff. So my videos kind of reflect that um let me see here uh. Scott jacobe says you and.

Chase seem to have different views of what. Authority is he talks about the agentic shift also he talks about. Affinity which he calls tribe. But not attractivity how does it all fit together um attractivity is something that is very manageable uh and very manipulatable if you have another.

Authority you don't need attraction if you have enough. Affinity that gener an attraction in and of itself. But. I think.

I think people are making mistake. I think he kind of ignore again. I'm. I'm mind reading.

Chase here. I think he ignores the. ATT the attractivity part of it because it is something that you either have it or on a physical level you either have it or you don't right. But there are things you can do to amplify your emotional attractiveness and those things often relate more to uh your needs uh your deviancy factors um and your.

Authority. So he equates a lot of like things that. I would consider attractivity to be in. Authority.

So. Charisma anything charismatic is actually more of an attractivity. Ploy social status also an an attractivity. U phenomenon.

U. But. I've he and. I have had these talks and trust me he he he knows the power that attractivity plays okay.

But it doesn't fit in with his model. So he doesn't teach it um let's see here how would. I use the reframing unlimiting beliefs okay. You have 14 different patterns write the write the limiting belief down and apply the pattern to the belief.

So if you have a limiting belief that says um. I'm ugly you take the. First pattern which is redefined and you say to yourself well it's not that. I'm ugly it's that.

I haven't found the right. People that. I'm attct that find me attractive yet it's not that. I'm ugly it's that.

I haven't figured out how to dress in ways that people can see how truly attractive. I really am right. It's not that it's not that. I'm ugly it's that other people have no.

Taste right. All of these things are different ways of thinking about and reframing that old belief. But that's really all you do is you take the structure of that reframe and apply it to the limiting belief whichever believe whichever uh you could also use a hierarchy of criteria pattern on that. I'm ugly well which is more important to you believing that you're ugly and making sure that nobody finds you attractive or realizing that to the right.

People you're going to be extremely attractive and it's more important to find those people than worry about all the ones who are going to find you ugly which is more important right. Boom all of a sudden now. I'm not focused on being ugly. I'm focused on finding the people who find me attractive little shifts like that change the perspective in the angle that you view a particular belief and once you.

CH once you shift that perspective it's very difficult to to go back right. And that's how you do it. Ballroom players as. I noticed we are in a constant state of hypnotizing and being in trance how can.

I become more in tune with this on an energetic level learn hypnosis specifically killer influence and identity by. Design learn to see. The. Matrix as we call it and realize that every human being you meet is in some form of.

Trance that is manageable and manipulatable in whatever. Direction you desire it you. I'm not passing judgment. But the average.

State the normal state of the average human being is robotic. Consciousness they're not present they're moving towards or away from things largely outside of conscious awareness and it's very easy to install programs in people if you choose to do that right. As. I tell my my therapy students your problem won't be putting people in trance because they're already there your challenge will be getting them out out of the trance that's pulling them back and into the trance that empowers them and gives them the life they want.

Adrien lope is asking. Cal is. Calvin deep banion legit in what respect. Adrian has he been around for a long time yes.

Did he train with some of the best um hypnotists that. I trained with yes. Um is he someone. I consider to be a quality individual uh let's just say.

I've seen him behave very badly in a lot of different ways. So on one level yes. He's he's very legitimate on other levels uh. I still wouldn't train with it that's just me okay.

So hopefully that gets you know again. I'm trying not to speak too badly or too harshly of a colleague whether no. Matter what. I think of them.

But. I. I know too much about the shenanigans. So.

But in terms of his actual training and expertise yeah he's he's legit uh. Tony the. T usually there are an. X because there's something better out there for us okay.

Happy. Thanksgiving. Jedi. Master cheers.

Cynthia says more detail in face reading deeper dive into the holographic matrix harsh dude remote healing would be cool thing to know okay. Laura yes. Great idea pants on the ground says why do. I become more confused about what time is and how it works the more.

I develop well because as you move up the ranks time gets time has less and less of an an effect on you um remember that only in this. Dimension the. Third dimension do does time and space affect us okay. As you move up to vibrational.

Dimensions um there's less time there's there's no. Time uh there's not even spa actually space is about as high as you go um and. Then there's there's no. Form.

So yeah get used to that because as remember part of the process of evolution is is breaking up and dissolving the filters that keep us boxed into this reality one of those is time. So as you resolve those filters in yourself and they become more permeable you're going to slip into different modes of of time awareness okay. Says it's not that. I'm ugly because beaut is only skin deep they just haven't gotten to know the real me yeah.

Timothy. W says. LOL. Planet.

David pants on the ground it's the truth. Anthony. Caruso ever thought of any programs meant for parents how to speak to their kids actually. Anthony um.

I'm part owner of a brand new. AI program that will actually help parents and couples resolve their stuff it's really cool. I can't talk more about it. But um when those programs become available.

I will show you how to get your access to those uh. Laura. Thompson do we have a platinum. AMA on.

Friday yes. We do um. Limitless. Lucario says.

I'm proud to be your student and. I'm proud to have you all right. My friend that's all. I got time for.

I will see for those of you in the platinum and higher members uh we'll have our. Platinum members. AMA. Friday.

I believe we'll be starting at 4M. Pacific. So if you have not joined uh the the channel at the. Platinum level or higher when would now be a good time to do that.

So you guys can participate directly in our ask me anything question live through. Zoom. So instead of me talking to you through chat you'll be able to look. Look.

At me face to face and and get questions answered in real time all right. That's all. I got good night. I love you.

God bless and take care be good and if. I don't talk to you between now and. Thursday have a great thanks.
