Title: Mind Control Skills - Law of Attraction - Ultimate Manifestation Method - Image Cycling Made Easy!
File Name: DqCX4ZqiEBY.txt
Video Id: DqCX4ZqiEBY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqCX4ZqiEBY

Now what you'll notice is that my lovely assistant and. TJ are handing out bottles of water please do not drink them why not because we're going to do something really cool in just a minute there's two one is a control the other is your subject now. I'm going to be uh let we have. Zen and his good associate once again handing out one of these to each of our attendees six months ago actually a year ago.

I had a good fortune of meeting a man by the name of. Bill bankon who actually came to me through the. Law of. Attraction.

Bill had the. Good. Fortune early in his life to run across someone who is a quote natural psychic. But he was the kind of psychic who didn't want to be a psychic he was the kind of guy that could do.

But really didn't like the fact that he could do and this story is written in a book. Called the energy healing now today is not a class on energy healing. But. Bill acquired some things from this.

G name was. Benjamin m. I believe the uh the name and uh he spent the. Next 30 years trying to figure out why this works or how it works or even if it does work 30 years he's still a skep which is good and there's nothing wrong with skeptic the problem is is that most people are just it should be someone who calls under the term skeptic skeptic just means that you don't know.

I suppose whereas most of the time people who say their. Skeptics have already made up their mind that what you're going to tell them this they're just waiting for the opportunity to tell you. But what. Bill did was he wanted to find out just how and what this particular power that.

Then had unlocked was capable of and turn down. Bill had a very very had a procity of being able to heal any different types of illness. But especially cancer and. So.

Bill in his enthusiasm went to medical school after the medical school after medical school and literally gave thousands of rats cancer rats breed to die from cancer and cured them utilizing his particular method which has two rules this is the manual ready hold on. I got to race this bill bill and if you get a chance to study with. Bill do it he's a funny funny guy he's also the president of the society for scientific exploration which are all. Stanford.

Harvard. Princeton phds who are engaged in the study of anomalous scientific events things that don't follow them the. Paradigm of normal scientific. So there's a lot of research a lot of viewing a lot of healing a lot of interesting stuff going on.

But. Bill the. Bankston energy method probably has over 30 year has 30 years of documented clinical trials on mice with an extremely high cure rate all done by people who didn't believe in energy healing. So this isn't about belief it's just about engaging in the process does that make sense.

But that's not really what. I'm here to talk to you about tonight because every now and. Then we're. So busy looking for gold we miss the oil from gold we don't see it because we look.

For what we we find what we look. For and sometimes that those blinders cause us to miss something else. I was at training with. Bill and he started talking about how he was teaching his particular energy healing method he talked about this process called image cycling there's a million different ways to do image cycling which goes back to the two rules of the bed method you must be able to do these you must be playful and you must avoid ritual.

So if you're engaged in an energy healing discipline that says. First. I must contact my higher self and. Then.

I must touch my forehead heart and rub my p. PE a little bit and. Then. I bring the energy in and you can't do your energy healing without the ritual you're not do.

B does that make sense. So you can do this any way you want as long as you follow these two rules be playful and avoid ritual the secrets behind the banking method is completely selfed and this is what. I mean bill would have to sit for hours on end to do his healing on these rats and they would all line up in the cage put their butt right. Up against his hand or wherever the tumor happened to be when it was when they were done the.

Next rat would come up and they just single fot and when all the rats are done they just go hang out do whatever they did and. Bill will spend most of his time boarded off his ass because this is this is what there's a picture of. Bill in the in the book. Doing healing it kind of looks like this this is my life.

I went to. Cornell. I got a. PhD in sociology.

I'm rubbing rat ass. So he had to come up with a way to to keep in the process. But get people out of the way and that's the secret to this there's a part of you that does and there's a part of you that thinks in. Chinese terminology we call that wo way or no.

Mind. So there's a part of you that allows the healing to come through allows the energy to come through and there's a part of you that does all think it there are two distinct parts of you okay. And. So what bill created was this idea of image cycle whereby you would cycle through things you really really wanted for yourself maybe a vacation in.

Cancun while getting large fat paychecks for yes. Right. Or hot new date or a a new business best selling whatever it was that you wanted you would just cycle through anything that was emotionally provocative and something that you really wanted and that's what you would cycle through over and over again while doing your healings and it was a way to to get the. P the person doing the healing get their conscious mind out of the way they're two separate processes it is cycling is different from the heing right.

But it opens the channel and allows that stuff to come through and he actually had uh gos meters and magnetometers and all these things in the room while these healings were going on. But they found out for most of the time there was a chaos. PED in the room and. Then every.

So often for like a a one or two minute interval everything would organized the entire room just completely organized and they would and the healings would start and it would go back to normal. So these things are somewhat weird. But that's not the cool part remember tonight is about the law of attraction. So when.

Bill is teaching us this process oh by the way yeah just is an off hand. Yeah by all the things that you you cycle through they're going to manifest. So be careful like what careful. I said bill you mean to tell me that when you do this say that while you're healing somebody that that stuff going to manifest he goes yeah.

But be careful because if you try to change someone's. Behavior you'll change them even if they don't want it. But they'll screw it up. I said.

Bill did. I just hear did you just tell me that you can do this on somebody who doesn't want you to do it and it'll work he goes yeah. But don't do it cuz they'll find a way to screw it up. I said.

Bill did you just tell me right. Bill had discovered oil while everybody else was looking for gold. I have tested this program. I've tested this process it is the single most powerful manifesting technique.

I have ever seen okay. But there are some parameters to it okay. And we're going to go over those and. Then we're actually going to do it it's called.

The energy cure okay. So wa ask why the order well every control clinical trial needs a control and an experiment right. Well let's find out now here's a cool thing in your sheets you'll see a list of 20 things you could have up to 24 you can have more here's the way this works now we won't have time to do every single thing. So we're going to start with 5 to 10 up as many as 15 just for the sake of of.

Revenue and the way this works is you list 1 through 15 things that you want. So let's say you want uh a seven figure business right. So what you want to do though is you want you know this idea of carry pass in martial arts we say if we want to break the board we have to focus beyond the board right. You guys understand that idea when we're doing this particular process we have to carry past it two or 3 degrees.

So let's say you want to make a million dollars through your new business or whatever it is what you need to do is you need to go beyond the 1 million. Mark to the result of the result of you getting that $1 million and that's the image and the energy that you have to have it has to be something that emotionally compels you understand there has to be a feeling like when you think about it's like yes. I want that right. And.

Then what you can do is you can distill that down to a word or an image and you list that in your word section like yacht could be yeah. But again the whole idea is when when you're creating this you want to flush it out you want to be in it make the picture bigger turn up the volume wrap it around you oh you know that stuff we did earlier might actually be useful for this because it's the emotional amplitude that drives vibration that make sense follow me. So what you're going to do list one to 15 of things that you want. So one of here's an example just to understand what we going with this if for example um.

I want to make a million dollars in my business okay. Then. I want think about what what's going to be a natural result of me having that $1 million well it might be that. I bought a new home right.

And it might and. I might see a picture of myself pulling the for sale sign out of the out of the ground as. I take the ownership of my new home which presupposes. I've already gotten a million dollars does that make sense.

So we want to carry two or three degrees past the achievement of what we're what we're manifesting does that make sense yes. What about for health same. So like instead of getting specific could. I just say health um.

I it helps to be specific. So can you give me an example of what that would look. Like what it would look. Like well like like visualizing myself doing something that would re.

Optimal. Health what what what level. Health do you want what activity would meet that and. Then one degree beyond that right.

So maybe you want to go rock climbing right. Up. Everest or something right. Which you might might have actually going rock climbing whenever.

So be careful with that one right. The other thing is is when these things manifest as soon as they manifest you must cross them off your list because if you keep manifesting with old stuff on your list it will. Dem manifest. So you have to prune your list on a regular basis follow me now.

I will warn you about this this is not a suggestion and. I'm not preloading you uh when. Richard or not. Richard when uh when.

Bill was talking about the effects of this particular range of frequencies and as well as um his associate. I forget her name. I wish forget. I'm talking about she runs equilibrium energy out in.

Chicago uh raiki is a a lot people asked about raiki raiki is a gentle loving kind nurturing healing soothing maternal energy thanks to the jack hammer it comes down through your left hand and it will blast open the. CH chandel and uh many more often than not you will go through an extreme healing crisis it will actually accelerate the disease process until the disease reaches a point where it just implodes if you you look. At the pictures you'll see in the energy cure what you will see is tumors getting bigger and bigger and bigger than at some point they just implode and in days they're gone as if they'd never been there okay. And if you look.

At the same tumor that control mice what you see is that the patrol mice are all emaciated they're. Tull they're listless they're just laying there these these other mice that are getting the the treatment the tumor is as big as a freaking golf ball on them too. But their eyes. Are right.

They running ramps they playing on the wheels and. Then all of a sudden at some point it just goes. So. I teach.

I'm. I'm allowed to teach. Bankston or. Bill's method.

But. I not allowed to certify in. Bill's method. So.

I'm incorporate a lot of what. I've learned for. Bill into my curriculums. But.

I always try to give credit to where. I learned it and. I if you do get a chance to to work with. Bill you know please do.

So he was kind enough to share this information um and it's too important not to leave out there. So the. First thing you're going to do if you want to do this how many people want to do this. R okay.

Fill out your sheet 15 things make sure the things that you really emotionally want. So what. So we find the word what is in the list whatever you want whatever you want yes. Show you yeah okay.

Bigger home okay. Okay. So when you think of a bigger home okay. Close your eyes.

See the home now is this um what would be a result of having that bigger home what would be something that would be only possible because of that bigger home possible what would be only would only be possible because of that increased income will be possible because of the bigger home oh no. See what you got here is a bigger home. But what's that going to enable you to do okay. So how would you see that as providing more shelter at home and comfort for your family see what you need to think of is the result that we want fors the base or the foundation and.

Then we go 2 or 3 deges past that as we continue to expand we focus on that. So we're carrying past the initial. So if if. I were going for a bigger home.

Then um. I would probably think again this is. David. But if.

I'm thinking for a bigger home. I would probably see all my children having their own room right. You know being comfortable and happy me not having to have my office in my garage you know instead having my own den and everything and. I would see all the rooms that having that bigger home would give me.

So you notice that it's not the containment of the bigger homes it's all the extra rooms in the house with that the. Comfort level that it gives me right. Is that two steps further or just one step to me that would be about one step further. But.

I once. I started thinking about the kids. I started getting real selfish. I said.

I want to get out of garage and that's the whole point these are selfish you do not have to be altruistic at all in fact we entirely discourage it be as selfish as humanly possible when you do this. EXC do you you need to write out each thing or just like see what it look. Like. I would write them out always write them out write out.

Later you can start with something now you always. CL you can always add yes. Do you prop at the beginning do you just write the list and say oh. I want that.

Mercedes-Benz or joke or do you say. I want that. Mercedes. Benz or do you say.

I manifest do you say okay. You see the movie you step into it and. Then you go two or three degrees. Beyond.

So you're driving that. So you could see yourself buying the mercedesbenz you could see yourself taking it on a trip right. To some cool place in your mercedesbenz. So that would be like one step two step buying it and.

Then seeing yourself in it. Y and it would focus on the end result of the end result right. Remember we're always carrying past what we want to manifest. So when.

I was creating things. I saw myself getting off of my own. Le. Jet and being picked up by.

My. Chauffeur my personal assistant because. I had. So many places that.

I need to be. So. Eng engagements. I need to speak at things like that right.

So presupposed. I had the 1 million you know subscribers and product. Dy products and services and things like that and here's the thing within six. I'm going to tell you this is true story within six months of learning this process.

I had more money in the bank than. I had ever made in any of the previous 10 years that includes paying all my bills. I am not kidding when. I tell you what this thing do.

But. I'll tell you what it will make you change though remember. I said you can have anything you want. But.

First you have to become the person to whom that thing can happen. So be prepared you unlock this box life's going to get really dramatic okay. But it will be for the good yes. About the blurry you just keep focusing on it if the image is blurry.

Then there's either either change the the uh the proximity to it to clarify the focus or find out why it's blurry is there some reason that says you can't have it okay. Many times when it's when it's many times when you have a blurred image it's because there's the difference clinically what. I see there's a difference in the conscious time frame for it to manifest on the unconscious time frame and if you actually put a little create a little consci that allows you to consciously and unconsciously and consciously calibrate you can actually find the time frame that the unconscious mind thinks in manifest. But that's a different different tactic we're going to get real nuts and vaults real quick okay.

Sydney is really going to town here. I want to read. I don't have [Music] to. Yes.

Um what if money is the result of that you want okay. What would having that money do for you well. Then. I feel like everything that's going to be on this list is going to be a result of that right.

That's how. I'm feeling too okay. So here's the thing if you're going for money money is not a bad thing okay. But here's the thing money is a means to an end.

So what is something that is going to manifest as a result of that money and. Then just keep listing all the different things and. Then what's the result of the result. So let's say uh going back to the part examp.

I get a million dollars. I buy a new. Mercedes right. All right.

So. I've got the new. Mercedes meres what am. I going to do with.

Mercedes am. I going to take it on a trip am. I going to imagine showing it at a car show or you know doesn't really matter it's also it's all selfish right. As long as there's a sequential extension of it right.

So uh. But we want to carry past it did that help to answer your question or did. I just confuse the issue. I.

I've done a lot of this work before. So. I get put those out here the secret to. B is.

Simplicity because my my issue is that. I want to building my own business and. I want to quit my job. So do.

I focus on quitting the job because the results of my business is. BR. Inc from it. But.

I feel like focusing you're focusing on the process rather than the outcome right. You focus on the outcome. I want the outcome of the outcome. So if.

I want the outcome is me quitting my job is that what. I'm focusing on be careful with that though. But here's here's what. I found is that if you focus on quitting your job that job will end somehow that job will end somehow right.

So again this is why we have to think a little bit about what we want right. This has nothing to do with the. Lu traits this is a very different part of the syllabus tonight this is a manifesting tool yes. Can you use the same word for more than one thing probably okay.

And. So. So now. I want to manifest what is the the two of you being happy going places doing things and just becoming more and more of a unit over time.

But see yourself in various you know years and that process just continuing to. De because the theme is the right. Person and contining growth right. Right.

We don't focus on. Mr. Right. We focus on staying.

Mr. Right. Yes. Sir.

So can you still focus on blurry oh my my experience has been is if you can't if you don't have a clear picture of what you want you probably want up with something else what's that. I'm just [Music]. So it's because it's too simple it's cuz it's too simple you're. T that this should be harder here's a secret nothing that works is ever difficult or complicated doesn't mean it's always easy it's usually simple.

Yes. Uh. I've been studying uh internet marketing for 9 years. So.

I want a successful internet marketing business. I came up with freedom. But that sounds too simple why freedom in other words what's. Freedom going to do for you well it'll fre me up from always to worry about.

Ser. I'm a a contractor also. So. I'm always worried about you know having to be on time and with other people on there.

So flip it around what would be possible with that freedom to do whatever. I want whenever. I want and can you picture yourself doing whatever you want whenever you want yes. And when you picture yourself doing whatever you want whenever you want what exactly are you doing when that picture comes up.

I'm happy that doesn't answer my question what are you pictur what are you picturing doing where wherever. I want that doesn't tell me anything what are you doing going to the store you're going to the store yeah with my girlfriend with your girlfriend okay. As long as the parameters are it's a result of the freedom that you got from starting your internet marketing business you getting your internet marketing business on. Then it's fine my point is though if.

I keep asking when you see yourself doing whatever you want and you can't tell me that tells me you don't know and if you try to manifest something you don't know you're going to wind up with something else and not know it [Music] all right. So. I put uh one of the things on the. L see the world and.

Then the word travel should. I switch that up see the world in travel yeah put the word as travel the list. I see the world what should. I put on the list travel which has the.

C which which is the cause of relationship which one precedes the other guys don't over don't over don't beat this don't guys are seriously complicated all moving all right. So land land especially here in. Southern. California you want to own land yes.

Okay. You didn't say that he just says land well that's my one word right. So here's here's the secret to this this is something. I don't.

I. I don't ever sh anybody talk about when you if you cannot put what you want on a piece of paper you don't know it well enough which is why you're not manifesting it you must. Express this through your physicality for it to become real yes. Okay.

For the land the open space. Then building a home beautiful picture yes. There there it is see now we're talking that's how it works. I get you know it's like alcino.

First you get the money. Then you get the power. Then you get the. Wom there's a cause of relationship right.

Don't think of it you know the thing you want to manifest that's a foregone conclusion there are other things that are going to manifest as a result of getting that focus on those yes. Um. So say you. I say.

I want a 25% body 25% body fat. So. So you want somebody come in with 25 lb bag of body fat you go no. Yeah okay.

So. Then that's not. I want my body to have 25% body fat okay. Why because it's something.

I've been working towards to do what cuz. I feel good to feel good feel good. I've lost 13 lbs. I had all my my vision board all these people and everything just came and.

I feel. So good after. I work out and it's the strength and it's getting there. But.

I don't want to be a bodybuilder. I just want to go to 25% you focus on getting the strength yeah the strength that's a result of the result isn't it yeah and. I want like when you when you make a picture of yourself with that strength what does that look. Like yeah other people what do other people see when you're in that feeling they notice and have noticed over there everybody has noticed that my body is.

So once you have that what becomes possible anything it's something well the car. I'm focusing on the new car okay. So having the 25 being strong and having a strong feeling is going to get you the car no. So you you jump to a different thing.

But one another. Link in the chain oh okay. So. You' got the body youve got the feeling you got the strength what comes after that okay.

That's. So that's how that works okay. See. I didn't it's a chain it's a length that change.

But how about the word whatever word gives you the best feeling it's about feelings if you don't have an emotional investment in this you aren't playing with the mechanism. God gave you your emotions are designed to teach you how to tune and change vibration they are something you are designed to use to control to generate and modulate at your will not let them run your life that's the magic of your emotions yes. Okay. So for like you've been talking about the health one having these ideas.

I get to be able to accomplish something. But what if the end result is just feel good can we just have a picture of ourselves in the body we like skipping down the street with a big smile like is that enough to feel good or do. I have to be meditating inck right. So feel good is fine no.

Feel good is fine okay. As long as it's what you want and you know what you mean that's good remember these are the only two rules be playful avoid [Music] ritual all right. You don't have to breathe in through your left nostril out through your your right. Nostril.

Dum load throw it in your friend's face or something you're not do any that stuff all right. Just be playful think about it really the process is kind of like just daydreaming about all the things you really want pretty funny it's pretty much what it is huh you're ready to go aren't you all right. We okay. With this we ready to rock and roll all right.

So here's how it works image cycling is where you take each of these things and you close your eyes. And you imagine one one at a time and. Then you. So and as as the time goes on you start to cycle faster and faster.

So it's like a power point on like ultra speed and what'll happen is as your speed the speed at which you're cycling through those images picks up you'll reach a little. I like it's hitting against a ceiling and at some point it's like going into hyperspace you'll just know it's spinning. But you won't be able to consciously track it anymore okay. That's how it works.

So we're going to be graduated in our approach we're going to do this uh with the. First five and. Then we just going to keep building up okay. Everybody got at least 1 through 15 no.

No. No. How many you got 1 10 1 through 10 is good remember if if. I start one you know 15 just start over with wherever you at we could do this with just five and just keeps cycling over and over it doesn't matter we've had people have as much as 75 different things that they're cycling at the same time okay.

It doesn't matter because this is not a consciously mediated process you are not going to do anything remember that the image cycling process is not the channeling process the. Bankston field is a negative entropic. Force negative entrop means it move makes things move towards a higher order it's an anti chaos formula. Okay.

Antios negative entropic negative enty okay. I can say that's to the physics mat true okay. So we have one 2 3 4 5 [Music] if you're wondering if this year works. I've been in bed for the.

Last 3 days sick as a dog put your water bottle in your left hand take a deep breath in let that breath out one the side look. Down at your sheet and call up your very. First image see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt find a relaxed posture just you don't have to hold it up like this or forever just find a relax place doesn't really matter see that image big and bright. Feel those feelings come flooding back of you having those things going to be a big part of your life.

Then when you've got that move on to image number two see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt notice where you feel it in your body three the feelings come up feelings get stronger four stronger and stronger be selfish it's all for you it's all about you five back to image number one image number two image number three three image number four image number five back to image one 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 going them faster cycle faster stronger make pictures bigger faster even faster you'll notice a point at which you can't consciously track it anymore let them spin beyond that point spin up faster spin faster and faster and faster faster and faster half you guys look. Like you're trying to pass a load have fun with this remember. First rule be playful make those images nice and juicy if you're not having fun you're not being effective spin them faster double the spin double the speed that sound familiar double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it may notice some of you start yawning that's cuz your nervous system's changing keep doubling it that's it cyia you got to kill keep doubling it faster faster open your eyes. How you feeling great pretty cool huh excellent now we're going to look.

At images 6 through 10. So now we're going to 1 through six we're going to all 1 through 10 now. So. First couple rounds we just did 1 through five now we're going to go 1 through 10 let's close your eyes.

Take a deep breath in by feel the energy room [Music] change get weird. Oh wait we're just get started focus on those images bring up. The. Feelings bring up the pictures remember anytime you have a challenge with the emotional impact or the.

VIS amplitude of what you're trying to cycle. Reach. Out. And.

Touch the picture make it bigger pull it closer that's how your neurology modulates volume okay. Image one image two image three image four image five. Image six image. Seven 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 7 8 9 10 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 keep going faster faster even faster double to spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over over and over again faster even faster keep spinning now double it again and double it again double it again enjoy it enjoy it that's it now you guys should be spinning your asses off not looking up here at me.

I could always tell who's going to get the results people who follow instructions get the results and people wonder what's going to happen. Next what the just happened master open your eyes. I'm just feel. But wait 1 through 15 you guys ready if you don't have up to 15 just start cycling okay.

I played with there. So many different ways it doesn't matter as long as just cycle okay. Yep. I know that.

I know that look. Close your eyes. If you need to go over your list a couple of times to make sure you got them take a deep breath in let those breath out of the side and one two 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 4 50 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9. I hope you guys have this.

Auto in your left hands three 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 faster faster f double double spin double speed double. Force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again till it takes on a life of a t you may even notice it becomes impossible to turn off and double it again and again and again and again and again and [Music] again that's it you're doing well now double it again double speed double the force double magnitude keep doubling over over and over again. P the poor shunks on. YouTube we see this one today to see.

David counting over and over again open your eyes. Take a look. Around notice how good you feel one more time close your eyes. Number one 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 133 14 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 spin it faster keep sping double the.

F double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on life of its own guys are doing good. Lo the fs that's right. You know you got to allely your eyes. To open that.

So good you feel warning this can't be hand this morning now if you have a pen. Mark the uh order that's in your left hand in a way that you know which one is your your. Bankston ordered and which one is your control order no. Pretty cool [Music].

H hell yeah you can be amazed what you're capable of you haven't tapped into a tent of power that your nervous system is capable of when you're ready grab your grab your control. War not the one you just been handling crack it open take a drink wait which one the controller one you have not been holding take a drink it's amazing how people cannot follow. C and now grab your control your uh your experimental water take a nice drink notice what you notice sorry what molecules are align anybody know what molecular alignment tastes like that's a new one for me very scientific. I softer made you.

Fuller what you notice. War warmer okay. Tinling has a tinkling energy to it what you notice tast it tastes different hor really it's dener it's denser is there a distinct difference regardless of how it manifests yes. It's warm up give yourselves a big round of applause y you did that not me and it just gets better okay.

Now be warned that sometimes when that charged order hits your system you'll start to heal which sometimes manifests as old things in you thought were long gone coming back to haunt you for a little bit and. Then they go away and they don't go back okay. Because bankston's not the gentle loving raiki energy that we've come to know and love it's going to it's the tough love of the energy healing that heal okay. J what' you notice clear clear distinctly different or not no.

Not distinctly different just clear like cleaner cleaner okay. Yeah there's a quality a difference to it right. Some people some people that actually gets colder the one they held actually seems to get colder sometimes you notice. Golder.

Golder he's not a plan all right. And that's how you do it any other variation is just a variation right. You can cycle as many things as you want you must monitor your list though because as they manifest you got to take a off the list you'll in intentionally. Dem manifest things you want what you know to say smoother yeah.

I had a girlfriend hated the taste of. L energy work she now just for. Grins and. Giggles find people who whose cooties you don't mind sharing taste their word and notice how it's different from yours [Music] how often should we practice your the.

Techni as often as you want once a day what are the rules what are the rules be playful. Avid ritual if you start getting obsessive like you have to do it what do we call that ritual keep them order that's all right. It doesn't matter that doesn't matter that'll be fine all it matters is [Music] you. I do some kind of.

I do some kind ofage cycling every day. But. I do them on different things. I'm.

I'm engaged in a lot of practices that bston or. I should say bston that the image cycling um helps me amplify. But. I.

I'm playing a little bit of a little page the head manual uh right. Now how many people thought that they could actually change the way water tastes before they came in here how many actually done it one of you sorry say that how many people knew they could actually change they could actually change the way water tastes you create a physical change in an object if that's not minded over matter. I don't know what is right. And you can put anything you want into that water in fact this is one of the best ways to do self-healing is to actually charge the water.

First and. Then drink the water one of the biggest problems that most healers in the energetic field have is they can't do their on themselves this is one of the reasons because they're identified at the same level as the problem. So there's such thing as charging. Mon oh hell yeah holy water that's this is this is holy water it's the same exact problem it's a different process same idea water is designed to hold a charge it is infinitely programmable just like.

Consciousness is programmable it is a. Yin phenomena it is a receptive phenomena energy without instruction is impotent energy without instruction is impotent there must be some kind of. Will and intention to inform the energy. So it knows what to do otherwise it will just do what it does naturally which is usually.

Sy to its low level say that again about the inst you said energy that instruction in impotence okay. Think about the energy as as we commonly understand it like a. DVD or a. CD.

CD is most important is the information encoded on it true not true the. DVD player the. CD player that you use to play the. DVD doesn't care what's incuded on the.

DVD doesn't it just cares that it's the right. Format and it's written in a language that that. DVD player understands well that's how your mind and body work your body your nervous system is a. DVD player the energy is the.

CD of the. DVD and the information encoded on it is the structure and the language that your neurology know that reads what on what to do and how to do it the displine gave us the language of that is. Happ big that's where fits in the things okay. Understanding the language that is imprinted on that vibrational.

Matrix and knowing how to insert it into the player we can make the player do whatever we wanted to do yes. So. I noticed that when you have going faster and faster through the list that a lot of times all the pictures kind of merge y. So that is fine.

So. I'm like doing this to this to this all in one what if you get nauseous just don't throw up on me no. If if if you will get a little bit of a vertigo sensation a all the times um because what's happening is it's like it's spinning and spinning and there's a certain velocity at which the vibration has to change outside of conscious awareness and you get that little vertigo sensation you just spin it fast you into that. Next level well you still know it's.

SP to consciously track it right. Yeah. So you're saying the more you do this the more you're going to be able to actually see the pictures while they're spinning. So quickly.

So it should just feel like emotion at a certain point right. You want to the most important part of the process is the creation of the list remember how are you creating that list which part of it conscious it's coming through your conscious mind isn't it which means what it's already passed through every single filter in your neurology before it can come up right. The most important part is getting it through the entire funnel and out onto a piece of paper and externalized once you have it externalized you create a vessel for that energy to fill okay. If you need to know all that all you need to know is to get it out on paper.

So you can see it and. Then once you start spinning reach a point where it's too fast to track keep spinning it and just know it's happening and. Then set it and forget once you do your image cycling for. However long you're going to do it and.

Then stop now the best part as. Bill told us is you can actually use emotion other emotions to feel your cycling. So let's say you're in traffic somebody cuts you off and get really pissed off you can use that energy to speed up your spin energy of power just send up there and use it to to cycle faster. So instead of letting letting it run a muck in your body.

Channel it into your image cycling and will enhance your inoc. So it won't like put now a negative connotation to it same with fear sadness emotions are energy that's all they are and we have the system to modulate the frequency of that energy as you move them up through the higher centers they [Music] change that's. Shopper. Theory 101 yeah um.

So as. I was going through my list. I had to create an image in my mind and. Then you'd go.

So fast. I'd forget the. I couldn't get the image and. I'd forget what my list was and.

I'd have to look. At it um that's fine here's the cool part. I mean how many times during that process that you don't remotely think about the water in your hand oh not at all that's [Music] right. And the three most important things kept coming up was like that's that'll always happen remember.

However your system does it is perfectly okay. Just remember the two rules no. Ritual and be play if you're not having fun you're not being effective. But it still works.

Then okay. Cool it works you just proved it true not true true yes. Who would have thought that changing the taste of water without using sugar or coffee would be such a big deal yes. Car you said this multiply just this technique multiplied it many times to your income using this this what we just did.

I. I had a minor heart attack. Last. June when.

I looked at my what was in my back bank account and. I looked at my previous 10 years tax returns because. I had more money in my bank account than. I made before taxes in any of the previous 10 years and.

I don't remember how it happened okay. This will increase the amount of serendipitous events in your life things will just start to happen if you become too married to exactly how you're it's supposed to manifest you'll miss it this is kind of why. I covered the. Lu traits.

First you have to be the kind of person to whom these things can happen and part of that is being able to recognize when things are being manifested for you as opportunities someone had a question oh. I was just curious since you had said specifically you have this image of you on the not yet. But other things happen things happen and again it's not again there's no. Time and space or.

I don't put a time limit on these things do you have your original list question yes. Mention in the beginning about bringing more energy into an identity um if it's an identity that's something that hasn't you haven't seen or hasn't you haven't had experience of can you have a picture if you have the concept of it you have a section in your unconscious mind where that image and that energy is already stored what you need to do now is send enough nourishment to it. So that it grows see in order for us in order for you to be able to acknowledge something you. First have to have the concept of it somewhere inside of you you can't recognize something that's not inside of you right.

So. However greater or lesser uh that that attribute may be the fact that you can recognize it means there's a part of you somewhere that already owns it you just have to nourish that energy how do you see an image of. Freedom you don't because freedom is a means to an end. So oh.

So you see past it see many of the things that we seek is and. States aren't they're mean to something else if you go through the world just you just say well. I just want to be happy you ain't got you got be broken okay. Because happiness is what you get after you satisfy desires happiness doesn't make you do anything think about how hard you work when you're not happy and you get something and you're happy and what do you do you stop okay.

Happiness is end. State and states don't move the organism forward they don't move us forward. So if all you want is to be happy. I can.

I can do that. I can take anybody turn into a couch potato right. We don't start taking action until we become unhappy and. Then we start moving towards the things we want because we recognize we don't have it understand can't have one without the other.

So as much as we want to manifest and all these cool things sometimes we got to go places we don't want to go to become the person we truly need to be does that make sense now it is uh 20 minutes to 10. I've already kept you here a little bit longer than. I wanted to do you guys have fun tonight if you had a good time please post good things to up if you didn't please post to somebody else's couple of things we got coming up for those of you who want to go even further down this. Rabbit.

Hole um. January 11 12 11th 12 no. December 12th is our holiday party uh everybody come out lots of free food. I'll be making a guest appearance with to um.

Tracy has that information uh. Tracy what is secrets of personal transformation in. January what. January 16th 7 16th 17th 18th.

January 16th 17th and 18th we got a 3day transformation. Workshop which includes some of this training as well as whole identity by design process which is teaching you how to reconfigure your identity from the build from the from the ground up it's a very powerful process. I use it clinically every day um um it's a 3-day event. I don't have the.

Flyers with me. I normally give like a really cool discount. But if you guys come to the um the. U holiday party the holiday party on the 12th.

I will have. Flyers there for you get in we'll the discounts for you show yes. Is that holiday party at 10:00 a.m. well. I actually don't know what time it starts said 10:00 a.m. on the meet.

But. I said that's like breakfast. Tracy when does the party actually start 9:00 a.m. is it 9:00 a.m. we start seeing patience at 9:00 a.m. So you show whatever you want to oh.

So how long is it cuz. I 9 to oh oh okay. I wrote down that. I was going.

But. I said. I'm not be till 10 a.m. no. You're not no.

I won't even be it till 12:00 yeah. I'm more of a 12:00. So um by all means please book. Your consults with.

Tracy if you haven't done. So already it's free. I don't know that. I can help everybody.

But if. I can help you. I will if. I can't.

I'll tell you that too and we'll see you very soon have a great night thank you.
