Title: Face Reading: Heal and Reveal - How To Read Anyone&#39;s Face Instantly
File Name: dStEyg3zAsw.txt
Video Id: dStEyg3zAsw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dStEyg3zAsw

E e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e e oh. I see why hold on hold on yes. I know why e e e e e e e e classical. Chinese face reading uh before we get into today's content which is going to some of it will be review from.

Last some of it will be review from. Last week uh some our. Last uh couple weeks ago stuff is stuff that. I've never really talked about or very very minimally talked about uh.

So we're going to get a little bit of a a. Best of. Both. Worlds the old and the new uh in tonight's webinar.

But before we do we do have some administrative stuff that um is important to go through. So that you as the participant can get the most out of this training. So. First and foremost by a show of me um well actually we'll just do this this way how many of you is this your.

First time on a webinar with yours truly and if it's your just type in the chat room. First time your name where you're checking in from and uh if you don't mind sharing what is it you most want to take away um as a byproduct of tonight's training what is it if you if you got one or two solid things um that you could take out into the world and would really make your life better in some way um that you would feel good about pursuing this even further what what would that thing be what would what would that be that thing that that motivates you inspires you makes you realize that there's something useful here that can make it make a powerful difference in your life uh and go from there um. I want us to do a quick shout out to my. YouTubers um uh a couple of things uh a.

I see your chats in real time. So when you type something in the chat. I see it just as fast as the folks that are joining us through. Zoom uh.

However there is about a 60. Second sometimes a little bit more bit of a lag between what. I do on video and what shows up in your feed. So uh please keep that in mind.

So sometimes if. I seem a little out of joint or out of uh out of time uh that's why couple other things. I know you're going to have questions and. I and to be honest as a teach teacher.

I know people it drives people crazy sometimes. But. I love questions the problem is that we're on a webinar people have blocked out a very specific uh amount of time to get the content they want to see. So here's how we're going to handle questions.

I will answer any question that is directly relevant to the place in the webinar that we're in provided. I actually see it um. However as is often happens because we've got people coming and checking in from. Zoom we've got people checking in through uh.

YouTube uh this is being uh streamed out to multiple. Facebook. Pages. LinkedIn.

Instagram uh. So we have lots and lots and lots of people who are viewing this stream um. I can only track myself the ones that come through. YouTube and the ones that come through.

Zoom. But if you have questions here's how you can get your questions answered if. I don't answer it immediately on the webinar. First and foremost those of you who are veterans of.

Planet. David type your name how long you've been a veteran of. Planet. David.

So that people know who they who if somebody suddenly starts reaching out to them they're not getting you know they're not getting stalked or spammed or or whatever right. Uh if if you see a question in the chat that you have direct experience using one of our. Technologies uh and. Technologies consider and hypnosis face reading energetics vibrational influence uh face reading hand writing analysis whatever that is that you have experiened solving by all means take a moment and and answer that person privately in a way that's not going to take their attention too much away from the webinar and just give them the answer to that question if.

However that's still not enough you want an answer from the big the the. Big. Kahuna. I guess is a good word to use or the head honcho or whatever this dude in.

Nest represents to you right. Then it's very very simple at the end of this webinar. Youtube will automatically um reformat the live stream and put it up there as a a content in our in our live stream platform on our. YouTube channel if you go to that section and you type in your question.

I make it a comment to review the comment sections of our videos um three four times a day uh every day. So. I promise you that um if you put a question in there uh that. I will in a in a very short order be answering it right.

So just type your question in there and if. I if. I have the answer. I'll tell you if.

I don't. I'll tell you that too um and. I'll hopefully. I'll point be able to point you in a direction for where you can go to get that information answered.

Second part of of administrative stuff this is this is important because. I have a very unique presentation style uh part standup comic and part. Rabel. Rouser and part nobs kind of guy uh.

So here's the thing if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your. Next uh 90 to 360 minutes uh our our webinars tend to go long they're usually very very heavy on content and they're also very very interactive in other words.

I love to it the more feedback and interaction you give me when. I ask for feedback when. I ask you for questions the more participatory you are in tonight's training the more powerfully your nervous system will become stimulated and you will gain the knowledge and the skills and the abilities and the experiences that we want you to have to be able to go out into the world and apply this information and and on the subject of applying this information. I just want to tell you right.

Up front there's there's really kind of no. Theory in what we're going to be sharing with you tonight um we focus on things that do not require you to believe in them for them to be effective uh our our our our focus is always to give you the best most powerful most actionable content imaginable. So that you can start applying this stuff right. Away and prove to yourself the value and the worth of what we offer that being said we're about to.

De dive into a very very very deep end of the pool 2500 years worth not counting modern science to be exact. So if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn in the three hours that we're together we might have time for this much. So my commitment my promise to you is this. I will teach you as much as.

I can in the time that we have together. I will take you as far down and into this face reading rabbit hole and all the different places it can lead you and change your life within the time that have and. I will promise you. I will point you.

I will give you a path to continue your journey and level up your skills to take it further is that fair if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat if you don't think it's fair probably not best use your. Next 30 360 minutes. So you might want to go watch the three stoes or something right. Okay.

That being said um let me uh let me talk about what what we're going to be focusing on tonight. So tonight is about what. I would like to call. Five.

Element face reading this is this is um this is a a kind of a call back or um. I don't want to say a rcon. But. I'm going to go back to my roots in.

Chinese. Five. Element energetics. Chinese medical acupuncture things of that nature and.

Then. I'm going to try and bridge that. Gap um. I was very privileged to learn uh a classical family lineage of face reading from my teacher uh the great.

Lilian. Bridges um and let me just uh let's just do this part because this is part where. I always get teary um. So let me show you this.

So this is my teacher. Lillian um a very this is a very young. Lillian by the way this this has always been my my favorite picture of her and um she passed away and. I believe it was 20120 and.

September as a matter of fact and uh she was the one who introduced me to this this amazing world of of. Chinese. Five. Element.

Theory um and when. I was sitting in her in her. Symposium class for the. First time and she stood up in front of five you know at least four or 500 people and proclaimed to the world that if you can read somebody's face and you unpack the emotional uh baggage that that is behind those facial markings that that marking will actually start to fade and go away and the.

First thing out of my mouth from the back row of this. Auditorium was um turns out she was 100% right. And. I.

I'll tell you that story. Later for those of you who are wondering if this shit's real how does it work what you see right. Next to. Lillian's picture is the.

Second page of a. Chinese a textbook. On. Chinese medicine that is dated 2,00 over 2,500 years old this is all on the markings that we're going to be talking about today the facial characteristics things of that nature it was the.

Second page right. And. So it's important to remember that there are there are teachers out there who don't approach face reading and even the. Chinese systems the way that.

I was taught to approach. Chinese face reading there's a uh some really good other resources that. I'm happy to talk about. But most of the people that.

I know who don't go back to l through. Lil lilian's lineage are more focused on the divinatory fortunetelling astrological uh more woo woo approach to face reading and there is some. Credence to that. But lilan was even though she knew all about that stuff her particular family style their face reading was mostly for legal applications.

Banking and business and matchmaking and uh her. First textbook. Which is a required reading for all of my face reading students is called face reading in. Chinese medicine you can find it on.

Amazon uh. Lillian was the world's leading. Authority on. Chinese face reading and.

I she could literally look. At your your your your face and give you a pretty good uh ballpark of your. Myers. Briggs profile she was that good she was.

So good that two two intelligence agencies were actively trying to recruit her um to teach their system to their operatives um which. I don't know that she the official story is that she never did her father was in fact uh an agent for the. CIA for a long time. So what.

I was told versus what was actually true well. I'll leave that up to your imagination um. But what is possible with face reading. I think a better question is what is not possible with face reading.

So here's here's how we're going to play this game okay. I'm going to ask you some questions and if it's something you'd like to be better at or something you'd like to be able to uh to do more of you just type yes. That's me in the chat and uh we'll jump in sound like a plan this means yes. This means no.

But. I. I can't see that in the chat. So type yes.

If you're with me uh not. So much if you're not with me okay. Very good all right. Excellent.

So how many people here by a show of that's me in the chat would like to make more money anybody okay. A resounding yes. Well let me tell you if you become a certified face reader uh and you're competent it's not uncommon for people to get anywhere from 350 to $750 a session just to read somebody's face much less help them fix that stuff that they find the reason. I say fix that stuff that they find is because lilian's approach was always about diagnosis how to look.

At somebody's face and. I can look. At your face and any of. Lilian students who paid attention can look.

At your face and literally tell you how your spleen is doing how your heart is doing your lungs are doing uh what your. Constitution is like they can tell a lot of times when your siblings were born um they can tell when you've had traumas um it's it's amazing what you can do. But the biggest application that that we started with was people for. Chinese medical diagnosis in other words someone's coming to me for chronic pain uh cancer multiple sclerosis some kind of long-term chronic illness can we in fact look.

At the face and actually diagnose the face from a. Chinese medical perspective using that and that's where we start um in our approach to face reading it's all things that we can verify and prove the further you get out into the wonderful world of woo the more subjective and suggestable. Things become. So if you are working in any form of healing profession and.

I don't care if you're a body worker. I don't care if you're an acupuncturist or a. Chiang practitioner. I don't care if you're a psychotherapist social worker there is no.

Place where the elements that we're going to be sharing with you throughout this webinar and our full curriculums will not give you more insight and more ability to make a profound difference and in many cases to measure the differences that you're making with your clients okay. If you're someone who's more interested in. Social applications if you want to be the most fascinating person at a party there is nothing that will do it faster than being a face rer okay. If you're tired of dating the same person with a different face every time those those those markings will be very come very very obvious to you and you can avoid the the wrong people and find the right.

People. So there's a lot of different ways you know like. I said. I was a big.

I was a big proponent for many years of graph analysis uh. I started. I studied with. Bart baggot.

I used it all the time everywhere and it was amazing and. I'm. I'm still a big fan of it. But when.

I learned face reading it was a game changer because fewer and fewer people write anymore. But everybody still has a face right. And even if you have if you're on a mask. I can still tell an awful lot about you from above the mask to get a really good profile and while we're on the subject of profiling and because that's what this class is really kind of about it's about being able to look.

At somebody and through pattern recognition understand what that person's life is like or what kind of a life they're leading and we can look. At the face in different layers and we can look. At it in different levels today. I want to talk.

I'm going to try and pick up a little bit of where we left off yesterday uh our not yesterday. But two weeks ago when. I started teaching you the decision-making processes and the maps of the face uh. But.

I also want to go into more of the classical stuff uh and. But these will still be things that you as a uh a business person a social person uh can begin to apply and it's going to be more along the lines of elements. So um before we go any further. I'm going to ask you a few more questions.

So how many people would like to enjoy better relationships yes. Or yes. Okay. Stay on tonight's webinar till the end okay.

How many of you would be would like to be to improve their mental state their mental health their mindset their motivation um the. CRA get rid of the crap that they don't even know they've got that's just driving your bus and pushing your buttons stay on for tonight's webinar because you're going to get a lot of insight into how to begin that process how would you like to be able to protect yourself against the evil persuasion predators of the world manipulators con artist charlatans human traffickers uh narcissists sociopaths domestic abusers all that crap all right. Then you're going to want to stay on tonight and and like. I talked about before how many of you just want to be able to help others and heal people and help people reach their goals faster would that be something you're all interested in okay.

So before. I go on is there anything. I didn't mention that you would like to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's training or byproduct from tonight's webinar type it in the chat if. I'm if there's something.

I missed lose weight actually yeah we could probably do that we can probably show you to do that remove lines off people's faces okay. You're going to actually learn how to do that as a byproduct of the training um. But we'll talk about it can we diagnose any disease that's a great question. Carol and the truth is is that you can diagnose.

But the way that diagnosis works is it's it's it's based on he a dent in the forehead okay. We can talk about that um be able to look. At myself and read. I need yes.

I in fact. I do that every morning when. I get up in the morning um. I try to avoid the.

First 10 or 15 minutes because you're dehydrated or you're puffy and you're full of sleep. But after about 20 30 minutes and your body starts to kind of um balance itself out. Then you can go and you can look. At your face and you can diagnose your own system uh from a day-to-day basis it's really really interesting can you use the subconscious or use the subconscious to heal back pain oh yeah yeah in fact back pain will often show up on the.

Bridge of the notes uh it's it's really cool like everything is interconnected okay. Now again you guys are asking some really deep questions and. I will try to to work those into the night's webinar as possible. But hopefully as.

I go through this process um you'll be able to extrapolate how that would work if not we have an a training opportunity coming up um. Mid. Monon. I think it is towards the end of.

April that will make everything really really uh direct and straightforward for you all right. So. I'm glad. I love the amount of um.

I love the amount of feedback we're getting in the chats that is absolutely awesome uh let me go my with my uh look. At my. YouTubers here really quick okay. So.

I missed it earlier um. So just just for the sake of uh the new people why who who is. David. Snider why should.

I care um. So we're just. GNA go through this really really quick. So.

I told you my my lineage uh with uh with. Lilian. Bridges all right. I am.

I am in fact a doctor of acupuncture and. Oriental medicine this is a copy of my degree from uh. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine uh. I've had a practice an active practice since 2005 here in salana beach where my primary focus is helping is treating physiological illness that's caused by repress motion and what happened is. I very very quickly realized that. I could fix most things faster with hypnosis.

NLP and psycho. Chinese psycho energetics than. I could with needles and. So that became the the focus of my practice uh face reading when.

I when. I. Finally learned it became a huge huge diagnostic assist beyond the basic face reading. I had learned um in me in medical school.

So um. I'm also one of the top two. NLP trainers in the world as per. Global gurus. org this is a copy of 2020 when.

I was ranked the number one. I actually beat the all the founders out. I still keep this one just to remind myself that. I'm probably the only guy that ever actually managed to pull that off and.

I have not pulled it off again. But. I have been in the top two slot uh for the. Last eight to 10 years.

So. I'm excited about that. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence uh this is a copy of a letter. I got from.

Global gurus where uh one of my programs actually to technically uh killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis was ranked the number one. NLP training program in the world uh since 2020 actually uh up to even this year and. So. I'm very proud of that because because we never promoted this class as an.

NP class and the the. Second version of it was also ranked number one and that was um called defense against the dark arts which uses a lot of face reading and profiling stuff in it. So and this is a cive copy of our um our page at. Global gurus um.

I'm not gonna. I'm not going to bore you with these details. But here's what we're going to be talking about today from a five from a. Chinese.

Five. Element perspective. I want to talk about how to understand a person ity and temperament. I want to teach you how to track and understand trauma history not to a great degree that was mostly.

Last week's webinar. But. I want to kind of close that. Loop for you.

I want to teach you how to look. For. Eng gauge sexual and romantic compatibility. But.

I don't want to just show you uh about sexual and romantic compatibility. I also want to teach you some things that. Lillian taught me about business compatibility uh we're going to talk about the. Five.

Element management styles we're going to talk about. Five. Element life. Styles.

Five. Element physiology and physiognomy uh. So you can start to kind of look. At people and begin to.

Ballpark okay. Is that a fire person is that a predominantly fire person predominantly metal person uh predominantly. Earth or water person and what are they most and because of that primary physiognomy what exactly are is that person going to. Trend towards and that's what.

I want you to think about uh when. I was learning the the. Five. Element system uh.

I. I'll talk to you about remind me to to close that. Loop uh. Melissa says.

I've been absent since 1997 that's okay. Welcome back uh we're going to teach you how to become a master of people reading uh and human influence. Then while we're on that subject let's let's go back to the word. I mentioned earlier called profiling.

So when we look. If you can goog you can just type in personality profiles or personality tests and you will have page after page after page after page of of different tests people can take. Myers brgs the four temperaments uh um uh there's the um the anagram and all these other different personality types and those are all designed to help you do something core yeah they're all designed to help you do something create a profile of a person based on a template and the. Chinese were no.

Different or the. Asian systems were no. Different and this is and by the way this is for any face reading system it doesn't really matter if it's if it's. Chinese.

Korean. Malaysian uh. Italian uh. Native.

American there's there's many uh viic there's lots of different face reading systems. So one of the things. I'm going to recommend because. I know that people who study with me don't just study with me when you start to study other resources and other sources for your face reading don't look.

For what's different look. For where everyone agrees start there and use that to create your core uh lexicon your core key uh master key of. Behavioral traits because once again we want we're going to be sorting by populations we're going to be sorting by what's most common from that you can start to experiment with the things that are slightly different uh from system to system to system. So we're going to start we're going to focus to you on tonight for you on things that are pretty true no.

Matter where you go uh and you can take those to the bank you can take those to the bedroom you can take those wherever you want to go uh and that's my goal okay. So. I just wanted to kind of put that out there. But one of the things that that um people often ask and.

I just want to put this out there. So you guys have an understanding when we talk about profiling. I divide profiling methodologies into two kinds of profiling one is called active profiling and the other's called passive profiling. So what does that actually mean.

So if we look. At how many people here have ever heard of somebody by the name of uh. Paul. Eckman anybody if you've heard of.

Paul. Ekman go ahead and type that in the chat. Perfect all right. So.

Paul emman uh some of you may have heard of a guy by the name of. Chase use yes. Yes. Or yes.

As they say right. You may have heard of a guy named. Joe. Navaro or.

Mark. Bowden or. I mean you can name a hundred different body language people out there right. And they're all going to be what.

I call. Active profilers what does that mean active profiling is the ability to monitor where a per what a person's regular. Baseline is and calibrate when they deviate from what they normally do. So uh if you're looking at.

Dr ekman's work he is going to talk about micro. Expressions these are emotional processes you're running in the moment that that that manifest for a fraction of a. Second on the face uh. Chase is going to talk to you about things like.

General hemispheric tendency or iHome or or things of that nature and. I'm. I'm a high ranking member in. Chase's organization.

So. I have tremendous respect for the. ABR community and everything else. But that is what we call.

Active profiling. Joe. Naro lie detection that kind of stuff what are they doing they're creating a profile of that person of what they're normally like and. Then they're calibrating change it's a very.

Dynamic active process and there's a place for that. But what they're what what they don't have is they don't know who this person is they don't have an idea of their their gener uh without a lot of profiling they don't have an ability to kind get a snapshot of how this person lives their life if that makes any kind of sense. So what we're going to be talking about from the. Chinese face reading perspective are things they've been doing for years that have with their face and sometimes with their body uh types of experiences that they've had categories of experiences that they've had and how those markings those patterns that they've gone through and either not not managed or failed to manage well have impacted and marked their face.

So if you can think of the difference between active profiling and passive profiling active profiling we're looking at micro. Expressions we're looking at um things they're doing in the moment. Chinese face reading is a combination of their their constitution and lifestyle. But the consequence of a lifetime of micro.

Expressions. So when a person we start to unpack a person's face we can start to gen to to create generalizations that are most likely true based on these patterns and everything that that we we learn in. Planet. David is all about pattern recognition and when we talk about pattern recognition that's everything once you understand how to see uh a person's patterns and hear a person's patterns not only do you are you able to predict with a very high degree of accuracy what the what that behavior is going to manifest as given the context and situation you also now have the tools to interrupt and modify that pattern based on your understanding.

So. I know. I'm. I'm getting a little lexury here.

But. I just want to kind of. I want to put that out there that they're not they're they're not the same. But they're really useful together they're really really useful together does that does that make sense are you guys with me on this excellent okay.

Very good. So uh how many of you by show of hands really quick were on the uh on the. Last webinar the. Last face reading webinar just type in me if you were here if it's your.

First time just type in. First time okay. Okay. Willows.

First time uh. Lacy. First time. Melody excellent okay.

So a lot of first- timers all right. So here's what we're going to do. Then um if it's okay. With you.

I am gonna do a brain dump on you as much as humanly possible um. I'm. G to go really quick for the. First half of the faal the.

First facial map that. I'm going to show you we aren't going to do decisions um and we're not going to do public side and private side you can go back to the uh webinar we did on. March 13th. I think or.

March 11th and pick those up there and. I highly recommend that you do if if when you come to uh face reading at the end of. April. Then of course you'll get a deep dive into this stuff right.

Please please please re review this webinar. I'm going to give you a a crap ton of of of really powerful information okay. Todor says. Joe novaro is a real expert although the books of him are a bit.

Yeah well the thing you got to understand about anything that's coming from the uh the military uh and law enforcement context is going to be hyper academic it's it'll be it'll be it'll be scientifically valid in most cases. But it's not going to be the most exciting way to assimilate this information the other thing that the other challenge with with that approach to learning is there's. So much data most people don't need a body language dictionary that spans 400 pages they just need to be able to have a few basic uh rules of thumb that you apply and be able to best guesstimate um what that behavior most likely means based on those those principles that are are fairly immutable okay. So that being said let's um you guys want to jump in you guys wanna all right.

So let me ask you a question. I'm gonna give you guys a choice because. I'm. G to do both no.

Matter what. But. I want to know which one. I'm going to.

I'm going to teach as much content as humanly possible for about the. Next 30 some minutes the end of 30 minutes we're going to into phase two of our webinar which is where. I show you the paths of. Ascension uh the ways to level up your skills we put some programs and some packages together because.

I asked you if. I could show you the way to go. Next you'd be willing to go is that true or not true guys remember. I asked you that okay.

So we're gonna we're. GNA go as much as we can in the. Next 30 minutes we're going to go through phase two of the webinar. Then we're going to go right.

Into phase three phase three of our webinar is accelerated uh and uh customized learning phase what does that mean means that we're going to drill down on even more information we're not just going to leave you know make an offer and. Then disappear we're going to actually make the offer let you guys take advantage of it and come back and continue to teach you we're going to teach you more and more stuff and we're going to try and customize the content that we're teaching to give you uh the biggest bang for your buck all right. So if if that's fair. Then let's go ahead and look.

At um this uh the emotions of the face let me share screen and if for some mysterious reason we should have all kinds of uh technical snafus like we did. Last time um just bear with me because. I've got like six different cameras running or not cameras um laptops one of them will work. So.

Last class we talked about the. First half of this particular diagram right. Uh. So we talked about skepticism we talked about joy we talked about sadness sorrow lost love lines uh grief right.

Uh humor bitterness and did we we did talk about fear now my my pen is working. So. I'm actually gonna talk about. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna revisit fear um when you guys you guys know what an orange peel looks like you know how they have a little dimples when you see somebody who's got a lot of repressed fear you won't usually see lines like this this is not and this is what lilan taught us in in the actual class it's it's it's it's done by little um little lines here. But in actuality what you see when you're dealing with someone who's got a lot of repressed fear are what look. Like the. Little.

D let me do this a little a little bigger you you got little dimples like on an orange peel right. And if you see these little dimples in an around the chin when they're not making a face when the face is relaxed um this is someone who's been holding on to a lot of repressed fear okay. Um. Last class.

I also talked a lot about um these three traits uh dis um this is bitterness. I'm sorry this is over nurturing this is disappointment and this is bitterness now each of these can appear on the face by themself. But when they show up together that's when things can get a little a little dicey and and here's what. I mean people who have these over nurturing lines they tend to have been have grown up either intentionally or by default believing that if they just keep giving to the world that the world will give back in kind okay.

And what happens is is they keep giving and they keep giving and they keep giving now sometimes they're they're caregivers and their home health aids or their their they have a parent or a spouse who has a lot of um health issues and they're just giving and giving and giving. But a lot of times with these particular markings which are often related to the large intestine by the way um those those markings indicate somebody who has been giving of thems over and over and over again waiting to get back and has not been receiving to the degree that they're giving from their perspective and from their body's perspective and. So what happens is after a certain amount of time these people will start to experience a growing level of disappointment now disappointment can be seen by a wrinkle traveling from the corner of the mouth down through um down through the uh to towards the lower lid now. I have to.

I have to go back on this one a little bit and and clarify there's a difference in in in face reading let me put a smaller line here there is a difference between a downturned mouth and a disappointment wrinkle oh. I'm sorry you guys aren't seeing. I'm sorry. I'm my bad all right.

Let me do this again all right. So once again uh let me erase and do this again. So in face reading we have two different traits that can manifest um at the corner of the mouth you have disappointment let me let me you have disappointment which can be seen by a wrinkle that travels from the edge of the mouth downward. But sometimes the person won't have a wrinkle they'll just have a mouth that's just kind of have has a downturn to it this is somebody who is a bit more on the pessimistic side they're more on the um the half empty versus half full side of life.

So they're not the same trait. But. But. I've seen face readers often confuse one for the other.

So when you look. At a person's um oh just just on a little funny note sometimes you'll see these disappointment lines uh for on people who have children who just continually don't do what the the the parents want them to do. I have these um because my children are constantly finding ways to circumvent my rules and disappointing me. So.

I have these all the time right. Um. But again when you see that that line traveling down from the corner of the mouth this is someone who's experienced a lot of disappointment in their life and it's not disappointment that they're expressing that's the thing we need to understand when we look. At these lines on the face these are not things people are expressing these are things people are uh stuffing denying um regressing or or repressing down.

So not for you know 18 plus years of of working with um of working with repressed emotion nobody nobody ever came to me because of something they were expressing ever no. Chronic illness. I've ever worked with was because somebody was uh getting rid of [ __ ] right. Uh.

So. Denise is asking there sometimes are they different on the right. Left yes. We covered that in the uh in the.

Last webinar. But. I'll just. I'll just put it out there really quick.

So you guys can take notes the right. Side. So lay your right. Hand touch the right.

Side of your face and say public right. Side of your hands or right. Hand right. Side of your face say public take the left side of your hand or your left hand touch it to the left side of your face say private or personal or intimate.

So public private. So when you look. At these lines any of the lines. I'm showing you right.

Now the. First thing you want to you want to start to gauge are the lines symmetrical what is that mean well if. I look. At the right.

Side disappointment line versus the left side disappointment line are are they the same depth are they the same length right. The more symmetrical they are the more pervasive that particular set of emotions is the more depth and length a particular emotion has on one it tells you where the majority of that is being experienced. So if. I have someone who has a very uh strong public face.

But a very strong disappointment marking here it's a pretty safe bet that something in their professional life or their external world where they relate to the public is not as satisfying as what's going on when they get home and you can flip the script on that. So remember right. Is public left is private we're looking at depth and length okay. Lacy's asking how to differentiate between lines from physical injury scars accidents and natural facial characteristics scars are pretty easy to tell um they have a different kind of tissue to them.

But most of the um the markings with the exception of moles to a certain degree and you have to look. At moles a little bit differently um most of those will be either extra. Jing or they will be some kind of energy blockage. So if you've got um let's see what's a good one [Music] um like a a mole up here is is usually good luck.

But sometimes if you've got a mole like on the tip of your nose where you have the. River of. Life flowing that can actually work as an energy block. So it's interesting that you know this isn't a class on.

Jing which we'll talk a lot more in. Chinese. Five. Element face reading um.

But anything that deviates or cuts through or or blocks um a flow can have significant impacts on your your behaviors and manifestations okay. That that was a very deep question. Lacy and. I want to go deeper into that.

But it's it's not the focus of where we're going tonight. Melissa's asking what about health nuts people take lots of supplements that heal the skin and use sunblock protection okay. So the environment will absolutely impact your face. But what you'll notice is that the obvious signs of aging are act most of the time and this is something that my wife and and.

I came to clinically and. Then lilan confirmed it from a. Chinese face reading perspective most of the markings that people manifest or or believe are aging are actually signs of emotional toxicity. I've literally seen pictures of people uh who when they.

First started training with. Lillian looked like they were 40 or 50 years old and when. I've met these people in their 60s or. SE 70s all those lines are gone and they've had no.

They've had no. Plastic surgery of kind all they've done is the emotional clearing work that comes from uh learning to do this face it's it's amazing how. I've seen people again. I.

I can't talk about supplements and things of that nature. I'm talking to you strictly purely about what happens when you start to clear the emotional toxicity that's bar that's that's imprinted on the face. I've. I've literally had clients who started the session with no.

Eyebrow bone like nothing and. Then all of a sudden we we resolve all the limiters to why they've been holding themselves back why they've been feeling repressed and boom instant. Franken brow 90 minutes done right. There's all kinds of other factors.

But what. I've seen over and over again is that when you start to unpack the markings and the wrinkles in the face when you find the emotional toxicity that these are indicators of those markings fade okay. And. I've seen scars fade too okay.

Um yes. Something like that the scars can affect you yes. Absolutely and we. I could.

SP. I could play what if questions all day long that is not where we need need to go. But. I'll tell you what type those questions in the in the uh the comment section of the chat and.

I'll point you to the relevant texts and things of that nature okay. So are are we are we clear on these over nurturing lines these are actually by the way don't be surprised many times when you see these markings lot of times if they have some kind of intestinal issue going on. IBS. Crohn's disease.

Celiac um irritable yeah. I said. B th of that nature okay. Um disappointment lines the.

Next line. I want to talk about are bitterness lines and these are really important people were asking about smoking most people turn to smoking as a way to. Res resolve stress and feel comfortable why are they feeling com why are they feeling uncomfortable usually because they're tired they're stressed out and they're very very upset and. So what can happen is if you see um disappointment.

I'm sorry um over nurturing disappointment and. Then these lines start to show up um we need to really in my opinion again you will avoid taking this as any form of diagnosis or or or prediction of any kind. But when. I see these three traits showing up together to me that's almost always a recipe for some kind of chronic terminal illness usually cancer um because what happens a lot of times is is is the the over nurturing continues and continues and it doesn't get better and you see and they see people just getting away with not giving back and it it builds up inside of them the disappointment mounts and that turns into bitterness and.

Then from bitterness they they actually tend to l into hopelessness and. So they start the body starts looking for a way out and if the person can't find a way to resolve those feelings which if they're if they're marking like this they're not these are things they're not expressing they're not being proactive to to deal with the lifestyle situations and circumstances that are causing this okay. At some point they're gonna the body's going to start looking for an exit strategy and usually that's when it'll manifest some kind of terminal or chronic illness. So when.

I see these markings uh the over nurturing the disappointment and the bitterness. I'm like we got to get this guy we got to get this this man or woman we got to get them clean we got to get them venting and purging and when we do that right. Those markings start to fade. But the problem is as a therapist is you know we there's only.

So much that we can do because if they're going back to the same exact environment that caused these problems in the. First place you may be playing volleyball between the treatment room and the environment. So you got to watch out for that okay. You know you have to you have to be careful of scope of practice.

But that's actually one of the reasons why being a face reader um can be helpful rather than being a doctor because you can give people you know sometimes people ask for advice and you can tell them look. This is the environment you're in you need to uh uh energy marionette line. I think you mean. Marinette lines energy healing aesthetician.

Marinet lines uh as. I was taught them uh there's actually two versions there 's the ones that come down from the nose and there's ones that come down to the chin. I'll talk about both of those um these are called we'll get to those in a minute um you have to recommend that they find a way to change that environment or give them the tools and the resources if you're a hypnotist this is really important give them the tools and resources they need to be able to express what they want and need safely right. Um you know remember your job is therapist is to is to build the client up and give them the tools.

But they have to use them and that's kind of the the sad part sometimes is you get somebody who they're just coming to get a house cleaning. But they're not willing to actually behaviorally change the things that are causing this and. So you're you're sometimes it's stating it at best. But the universe usually finds a way to to shake things up um.

So is this been helpful has this been useful this means yes. This means no. Cool okay. All right.

Let's go back to our facial map because again. I want to. I want to get through this as much as. I can.

So. I can start on the elemental work um as soon as we get back from part two all right. So let me go to my draw clear these out and for those of you who who who want this map um. I do not own the rights to this map app this is actually if.

I'm not mistaken from lilian's book. Face reading in. Chinese medicine. So.

I highly recommend that you uh you grab a copy of that book. If you want to continue at least studying face reading with me because that is a required text on top of all of our manuals. Okay. So we've got fear we've got disappointment we've got bitterness.

Next one. I want to talk about is purpose and this was the one uh. I one of our our our uh. YouTubers.

I think. I think they meant to say marionette lines um. But the. But what she meant was marionette lines now there are two two lines or two sets of lines that we learn about one is on the map here the other is not.

So this one when you see lines that extend from the the the side of the nose the. N the the uh the. Ali as they call it and extend down these are called purpose lines and of the face lines that we want this is one of the ones that's the most desirable right. This this this line shows somebody who is living their dream they're living their mission they're they're moving their life is moving in a direction that is in harmony with what we call your your golden path okay.

So these are lines that that are are actually very very uh auspicious and the. Chinese will often say that if if you hit your 50s and you don't have these lines um you're missing the boat something's up you're you're off track you're off course you need to change that now what will off will happen sometimes is these lines will get super long almost like a fum. Manu kind of a mustache right. But sometimes a different kind of line will manifest and that line.

Looks. Like. This it'll be here and it'll kind of circle the chin and believe it or not these lines are related to fear and the teachings. I had from.

Lillian were that they relate most strongly to a fear of death. So if you see someone with these lines that kind of circle the chin this is someone who's probably when nobody's looking or nobody's paying attention is thinking about the future in a not. So pleasant way or they may have a lot of health concerns or maybe dealing with they may have uh parents or siblings or people close to them going through. Health stuff and it's caused them to really kind of contemplate their own mortality.

So yeah. So let's be very you know let's make a clear distinction this means you're on track this means you're afraid you're running out of time for whatever reason okay. We good with that as we would say down south are we good with it okay. Excellent okay.

The. Next line. I want to talk about is an interesting line. I'm going to change.

I'm actually going to change um pictures for this really quickly we're going to talk about um auditory intuition blood pressure regularities uh pain lines uh. But the. First two are going to be important. So one of the things that if you looked at that picture and.

I actually have these. So. I'm. I'm pretty.

I'm pretty well versed in this if you have lines like little wrinkles almost like gills that appear in front of the ear kind of like this sometimes they're a little bit higher. But usually they're just they're just right. In this zone right. Here this is what we call um auditory intuition lines and what's interesting about auditory intuition is this this particular marking starts out as a sign of trauma okay.

Uh people who have this marking when they were growing up they grew they were growing up in a household that wasn't always safe and they had to. B pay particular attention to what people were saying. But not just what they were saying how they were saying it it was an a verbally linguistically dangerous environment and. So people began to be able to to uh they started to listen to the tone the timber um things like that and they could tell just by how his person said hello good mood bad mood um super anal retentive not anal retentive easy going you name it right.

And and one of the reasons that they developed this was because they had to know how to be able to communicate based on what they interpreted from people's uh voice tones and. So they de. Lillian would talk about lilan was married many times which is kind of interesting um. But.

But she could she said she could tell just what kind of day she was going to have by the way her husbands closed the car door when he got home from work every day right. Uh. I know in a nanc what my day is going to be like the moment my wife says good morning or calls me on the phone because. I have these lines.

I spent if you read my bio and. I talk about early times when. I grew up. I spent a lot of time being manipulated lied to bullied.

I. I never felt saved growing up ever ever um and. I developed these lines in. Spades now what's cool about that is that what often starts as a protection device early in life becomes a superpower.

Later on these people have amazing [ __ ] detectors they can tell very very um consistently who's full of [ __ ] and who isn't. So these people make good lawyers good therapists uh mediators uh they might even make good spies if you think about it like that right. So this is a a really interesting line now remember that everything that we were talking about in. Chinese medicine has an energetic aspect to it it has an emotional aspect to it a behavioral aspect.

But it also has a physiological aspect to it and that's where this gets really really interesting okay. For me it was important for me. Anyway this may be important for some of you when you have someone with these markings these markings rest on an acupuncture. Meridian known as the triple warmer.

Meridian now the triple warmer. Meridian part of its job is water metabolism okay. And. So many times people who develop these lines have a tendency towards dehydration they're if they're if they're aware of that they're always drinking right.

Now that's generally not the problem the problem is if you drink a lot you pee a lot you follow me you drink a lot you pee a lot it's kind of how it works right. And. So what happens is because they keep drinking and drinking and drinking they almost always forget to replenish their minerals their electrolytes and when you start to run low on electrolytes. Then you get all kinds of weird things like oh rapid heartbeat tacac cardia and people often confuse that rapid heartbeat with anxiety or panic attacks.

So if you have these markings and you you've noticed from time to time you suddenly get this rapid heartbeat out of nowhere. First of all always see a doctor and. I'm not diagnosing you in anything. But take some electrolytes and see specific magnesium and and potassium and things of that nature um for a few weeks and notice if the frequency of those rapid heartbeats diminishes and and goes away because.

I've noticed when. I'm low on electrolytes for any long period of time. I'll start it starts to come back and it reminds me to to hydrate properly right. So remember that this is a a really good skill set that you develop it's a faculty that turns on.

But because of how it turns on and where it turns on it has physiological ramifications. So if you are one of those people who has rapid heartbeat and you have these marketings. First thing make it simple just start supplementing with good healthy electrolytes under your doctor's supervision and see what happens okay. Uh the.

Next one. I want to talk about is also on the ears and this one you'll see a lot of times as little wrinkle and. I have these two by the way. So uh.

I'm kind of throwing myself under the bus. So you'll see sometimes little tiny wrinkles right. In the lobe of the ear and by the way this particular. CU is also found in.

Western medicine. I think they call it the cardiac notch or something like that. But this when you see these little wrinkles in the tips of the ear you're looking at somebody who is prone to blood pressure issues blood pressure and specifically blood pressure irregularities. So sometimes and sometimes it's too high sometimes it's too low lots of variability.

So you think of it more like instead of of having high blood pressure just very erratic blood pressure now what's interesting behaviorally about this part particular trait when you see it is these people have an exaggerated response to shock an exaggerated response to shock. So what do. I mean by that all right. So how many people here have ever been like walking out of a door walking down a hallway and somebody just comes out of nowhere and scares the living snot at it anybody ever had that experience okay.

So let's say you're walking down the the hallway someone comes out and your the normal average human shock response is about a six or seven right. Someone with these kind of markings it might jump to a nine or 10 they might be on the verge of passing out for a split. Second because of the the exaggeration of it okay. So these people have a a if somebody insults them or.

Cuts them off in traffic they're going to tend to take it a little harder than somebody who doesn't have these markings okay. So if you if you're like me and you have these markings spend a lot more time meditating and and cleaning up your crap. So you be and learn how to train yourself through. State.

Control to become less and less reactant to external stimuli okay. Um useful yes. Or yes. All right.

Let's go back to emotions all right. So. Next piece. So we've talked about um auditory intuition we've talked about blood pressure regularities one of the ones.

I want you to be on the lookout for looks like we're uh starting to get a little funky with the uh starting to get a little funky with the um okay. There we go when you see lines that start from the outer canthus the corner of the the eye is known as the cani. So you have an inner canthi or canthus and you have an outer canthus when you have a line that runs diagonally from the outer canthus of the eye moving towards the bridge of the nose this is a pain line now this is a especially important if the person isn't in any obvious physical pain if they're not in any obvious physical pain and they're manifesting these lines. Then chances are they've got they've have a lot of internal sometimes emot usually emotional pain that they're actively suppressing they they've suppressed it they've locked it down um in some way and it's got to come out what you'll see sometimes and this goes back to some of the things.

I taught. Last class um remember that we talked about uh lost love lines right. Lost love lines start at the incant that's here and they track down through the through the lung area of the face sometimes they'll come across and. Then come down if these lines are are meeting.

Then this is somebody who's this is probably a good indication of something that was an activity or a relationship that they lost and they're still feeling the pain of it they're feeling the agony of it. So let me let's let's make a clarification when you see a line again this is. David extrapolating you probably won't find this uh in any of lilian's books. But uh this is somebody who's grieving you understand the difference this person is mourning this person's suffering this person is still feeling the loss they're still feeling the actual pain that went with that might have been rejection might have been shame might have been embarrassment might have been uh the the memory of a physical assault right.

Um. I don't see these as often outside of people suffering with current physical pain. So when you see these lines. I always ask are you you have any kind of uh injury that you're you're working with are working through right.

Now right. And a lot of times they'll say no. Or or say yes. The.

Next line. I want to look. At is you know. I talked.

I just talked about lost love lines here and. I just talked about there sadness lines here the the corner of the eye you have lines that go up and these are. Joy lines and they only stay they're only designated as. Joy lines until they reach the eyebrow when they go past the eyebrow you are now going into what we call pathological.

Joy pathological. Joy is often referred to in. Western terms as. Mania or hyperactivity okay.

Fact we're going to probably talk and this is related to an imbalance in the fire element. So either uh they too much fire or not enough um coolant in other words they it's a it's an imbalance between fire and water in the body where there's not enough water to keep the fire under control and they go manic or hyper or or depressive versus somebody who's got just way too much fire for the system and they're just going to be super super creative erratic a lot of times they're very megalomaniacal um. But this any time you see a line that's traveling up past up past that um that eyebrow you're not just dealing with someone who's going to be the life of the party they're going to probably be extremely uh sensation seeking they're going to be conf in many cases confrontational they'll uh they're basically a uh dopamine junkies and. So they're looking for anything that's going to give them a rush right.

These people will stay up for days and weeks at a time be up at three in the morning on. Twitter you know giving comments about people and stuff like that. So um there are some very good examples out there of people who exhibit this kind of behavior the. Next line we're going to talk about is a transformation line and this is again is one of the really interesting lines.

I see this on a fairly regular basis from time to time and this is a line that travels from the uh well it could be anywhere on the forehead. But a lot most of the time it's in this area right. Around the. Third eye level and these often manifest as diagonal lines that come up and out and you see this line in a lot of people who are highlevel meditators who lead a very deeply spiritual life or have had some kind of spiritual.

Revelation in their life. These are people who've gone through some kind of long deep dark night of the soul and as a byproduct of that when they came out on the other side they had some kind of a revelation or an epiphany that changed them on a spiritual level permanently and when those and when and when those. Revelations manifest they will often manifest as he almost diagonal like almost like the. Rays of the sun when it's rising right.

Now on super high level meditators super high uh spiritual people you'll see a slightly different [Music] marking and this one is called. Buddha wings um and. Lillian in fact uh when she was alive would talk about when she met and watched the. Daly.

Lama preach or uh llama mingmar was one of her one of her teachers um and. So a. Buddha. Wing looks like a wing if you can see the.

Third eye and it comes up and it kind of flows out like this right. And it looks like a wing she said she once saw the the. Dal. Lama um before he went on stage watched him while he was on stage and.

Then watched him after and he said when before the. Daly. Lama went on he had he had transformation lines. But he didn't have very pronounced.

Buddha wings. But when he started to preach and he started to teach and he started to channel his. Buddha nature into the into the room these lines just started to show up on his. Third eye right.

And. Then when he stopped teaching and he went back to just being the the head of the. Tibetan system or whatever it was these kind of faded a bit. So.

I have seen these from time to time. I have seen all kinds of very weird markings on people's faces some. I could explain others not. So much.

So. I'm always searching. I'm always learning uh. Denise says those lines show a.

FLIR person to. I've never seen those lines on a flirty person what. I have seen a lot on flirty people are. I raised eyebrows they're not the same okay.

So for example. I don't know if you guys can see me here one of the things you'll learn um um uh in profiling class defense against the dark. ARS killer influence is something called the um positive eye contact body or body language cluster and it and it uh positive eye contact uh measurable eyebrow. Flash and do.

Shane wrinkles by the temples that's how you know someone generally wants to see you and is projecting uh safety. So a lot of flirtatious people will will do a lot of this they'll have a lot of eyebrow movement right. But that's not a. Buddha.

Wing a. Buddha. Wing is actually a wrinkle that manifests. So uh.

I haven't seen. I haven't seen the. Buddha. Wing marking show up in a lot of flirty people unless they're very flirty spiritual people you know if they're flirting with.

God or something. I don't know. But uh. So.

I would have to say. I'm. I'm not sure. I'm.

I'm uh. I can support that particular statement. Denise. But you know send me pictures and.

I'll take a look. Um see. So are we good. So far is this useful no.

Will is good. Barbara's good. Ed's good okay. Okay.

Useful. AF love that. I love people who drop the bombs baby yeah all right. Let's finish this up.

So we can get to part two. So we can go get go through that and get to part three all righty all right. So the. Next set of lines that.

I want to share with you these are not symmetrical everything. I've shown you um let let me move some of these windows over everything. I've shown you. So far can happen on any side of the face.

I can have joy lines here. I can also have joy lines here. I can have transform. I can have.

Mania lines here. I can have. Mania lines here. So everything.

I've shown you on the outside of the clock face is symmetrical it can it can show up on either side the. Next ones that we're going to look. At primarily well they only manifest down what we call the. River of.

Life the. River of. Life is this. Central this.

Central channel that passes pretty much straight down the face and you could you could say it goes as wide as the the bridge of the nose we call this your. River of. Life you'll learn more about this uh in. Chi class coming up in.

April. So the. First markings we want to look. At and these are really important because.

I see them a lot when you see somebody who has a double line a double set of wrinkles in here okay. This is someone currently experiencing or habitually experiencing irritation annoyance or impatience okay. Or simply. D all of the above these people just want you to get to the freaking.

Point most of the time they're always in a rush um they're not on. First glance at least they're not going to be someone who's going to seem to want to sit still and let you tell a long story. But if you tell a good story you can suck them in. Anyway.

So for those you who are influence trainees um don't let that that stop you as long as it's the things are relevant to them they will absolutely pay attention. But these people do want to get want you to get to the point relatively quick they tend to be stepping on the gas when the light's turning uh uh yellow those kinds of things okay. Now what you'll see sometimes in some people is you'll see three lines and these are people who've actually learned to manage their impatience these people actually figured out how to actually not let it run their lives okay. Now one of the big ones you got to watch out for one of the big ones you got to watch out for we get to make this a little bit bigger is a single line now this need this this line this single line can be very thin or it can be very thick.

I've seen them all. But when you see this line. I promise you this is somebody who's got some serious anger issues uh towards a sibling well actually towards a towards a father or a father towards a son and this particular um this particular trait often manifests as self-sabotage um need to need for approval can often be uh passive aggressive and they tend to they tend to have a. Failure to.

Launch. So let me let me explain this um from an experiential perspective when people have this marking and we're going to learn this actually in part three this part of your face is related to the wood element of the body the wood element relates to uh on let me get this out the wood element relates to the. Li and the gallbladder. So anger is one of the pathological traits of the liver resentment is one of the pathological traits of the gallbladder in fact the gallbladder is kind of like the scorekeeper of the body now the other thing you need to understand is that there's there's also beneficial energies con connected to these organs and these these elements as well.

So the uh passion and compassion are also connected to the liver any form of of energy of achievement achievement and boundaries is affiliated with the wood element when you see a line on somebody and. I don't care if it's a big fix line like you see here or if it's a super tiny needle line like that when you see these lines what you're seeing is somebody who at some point early in their life they expressed their anger and just let it let it out and when they did that they were. So badly punished for letting out that they made it an unconscious decision it's probably conscious at. First and.

Then became a very deep level unconscious decision to never get that angry or let that level of power be expressed again and notice what. I said let that level of power be expressed again now this par this particular part of the face relates to what we call the father's blessing area in other words the relationship that you had with the primary young or masculine figure in your life. So when you when it appears here that is almost always anger directed at the. M the the dominant masculine archetype in the family now we live in a very very different level of cultural awareness a lot of woke stuff going on all those other things.

So it. So to just be very clear if you were raised in a two female family you can still have this line okay. So whoever was the dominant young masculine energy the the authority figure that it can be a woman right. So let's be very clear and.

I know this for a fact because. I my my mom my wife and her mom have um some issues that we're working through many times right. So. I've seen this.

But what happens is is that we there's this big blowup the person makes a decision. I'm never gonna let that [ __ ] happen again. I'm never going to lose control like that ever again and they put a governor they put a block right. On their power to achieve now at.

First that's not a big problem. But what happens is as you move forward in life you tend to become more well-known more more accomplished things of that nature people who put a block on their energy will reach a point in their evolution they'll reach a point in their. Journey where that energy block manifests and they can't go beyond it and when they hit that block and it can manifest a bunch of different ways they'll either get. Ang angry and have a fight with the person or the the the organization they're part of and they'll leave they'll get super passive aggressive and get themselves fired um they'll just lose interest and start something completely new.

So many times these people are very very smart very very talented and they're a jack of all trades. But they never seem to get. Beyond a certain level and they're always trying to prove themselves um and they're always in my in my opinion as a therapist they're still fighting a battle that happened years ago and because you happen to be the person standing in front of them that represents that figure you can get targeted with that um. So when when.

I see this line understand that it may not happen right. Away it may not manifest immediately. But the more energy and the more power and the more accomplished that person becomes the closer they're going to get to finding some way to remove themselves from the equation either peaceably or not these people have a tendency to be very passive aggressive. So don't be surprised if they say and do things that cause you to lose your temper and when you lose your temper.

Then they get all offended and find a reason to leave okay. Is it at the same point as the. Third eye or the pineal gland well the pineal gland's all the way back here guys it's actually in it's actually just below the if. I.

I don't have a picture. But the. Third eye is up here for sure right. It's in that.

Third ey we call this the seat of the stamp again you'll learn this in. April uh when you come to face reading uh this area is a really really important. Place uh in terms of behavior un uh personality uh how a person functions in within an organization organizational. Dynamic can be seen very very clearly here right.

So a lot of cool stuff. But when you see that line you know if it's a. First date if it's a job interview you might want to start asking about their history and see if you can notice a pattern in what they're in what they're sharing with you uh. Brad is asking.

I missed does the space between a pair of those lines mean something special uh my teacher never really talked about the spacing between the two lines uh and. I've seen them take all all configurations all configure. I will tell you one thing though this is not necessarily about patient impatience um. But this is actually something that for the therapists out there you life coaches this is something that you may want to pay attention to sometimes you'll see a line that looks like it's one of these lines.

But instead of just stopping here or here it'll creepe down into and and. Contour the orbital bone let make this a little bit bigger and when you see that kind of. A. Wrinkle this is somebody who's prone to worry anxiety and overthinking okay.

So this is this person always has a [ __ ] ton of stuff on their minds and uh and. So their spleen gets a really strong workout okay. Last. But probably not least for today on the on the emotions.

Anyway is disempowerment lines these are lines that start at around the the. First. Third of the lower eyelid and they migrate diagonally kind of like pain lines towards the bridge of the nose now my teacher lilan called these disempowerment lines and. I don't.

I understand where she was coming from with that term. But. I don't think it really encompasses or captures the spirit of what this particular trait means and it's really important if you see people that are dealing with any form of abuse especially long-term domestic abuse sexual abuse whether it's as a child a spouse whatever and you see these lines let me explain what this means um this is somebody who somebody came along and violated their boundary like this person came in violated their boundary and when the person's boundaries got violated they they tried to fight back they tried to stand up they tried to push back and when they tried to push back the person who was the transgressor the. Violator pushed back even harder and instead of continuing to fight this person collapsed they they they crumpled they went into appeasement mode right.

They okay. Okay. Whatever you want just stop hitting me please don't hurt me. I'll do whatever you say right.

I. I'll make it okay. I'll make. I'll make it right.

Right. And. So these people became become appeasers they um again at the risk of of throwing a really good classic television show under the bus how many people here are familiar with a an old television sitcom called. All in the.

Family type it in the chat if you're familiar with okay. If you haven't it's it's it was a you know you got to remember it was done in the 70s and it was all about bigoted. White white people right. Or bigoted anyone right.

But there was one particular character in that show her name was. Edith. Bunker she was the wife of. Archie.

Bunker the prime the main character in the show and every time. Archie was pissed you would hear. Edith from across the house it's okay. Aunie.

I'll make it better it's gonna be fine just calm down. I'll help. I'll make it better right. That's appeasement that's that's appeasement in a caricature okay.

Now one of the things you as a therapist a self-defense instructor have to. I shouldn't even say that we'll talk we talked more about this this particular aspect in defense against the dark arts. But if you see someone with these markings what can we extrapolate about them what what what do we know about them just type it in the chat fear. Associated okay.

Abused okay. They've been emotionally abused there's a good chance now can you have these lines without being textbook. Emotionally abused there it is. Brad right.

There they'll fold if pressure. So if you're hiring for a. Bill uh you know a revenue collector or somebody who has to do a lot of firing is this going to be a good fit right. From a self-defense perspective let's assume that some body language cues are unconsciously understood do you think if somebody saw these lines they would know what kind of a fight a person would put up right.

Ed says they're going to avoid confrontation avoid conflict at all cost these are the people that can sometimes get roofied and never report it right. I'm not saying that if you have these lines that that's true for you. I'm saying these are possibilities because what's going to happen is when your boundaries are violated and you put up that resistance and somebody gives you a gives you a bigger one you're just going to just want it to stop you just want to make it go away right. But as people as human beings we sometimes have to stand up for ourselves no.

Matter how much force is being applied and that's that's something that we as therapists and healers we can help people find those resources in themselves or at least move them in that direction right. We can't want the change more than the other person does. But if we're if we're dealing with someone with some kind of chronic illness and we see these markings. I promise you at some point you're probably going to be clearing some kind of abuse issue okay.

So. So. I my teacher called these disempowerment lines. But.

I think a better word is appeasement lines these are lines that when somebody crosses your boundary and you push back hard enough they're just going to give you whatever you want right. So uh questions about this before we go into um phase two of our webinar okay. What do spots and zits on the hairline behind the ears on the ears and behind the ears indicate usually that's what we call. U um internal dampness depending on the color it can be damp heat or cold dampness stuff like that we'll talk a little bit about colors in in part three uh is it both a appeasement and hopelessness no.

Um. I would say it's mostly appeasement. I would say it's mostly appeasement uh hopelessness hopelessness is more related to the heart heart into the lungs despair specifically. So you would see those in here in in this part of the face usually it's grief or sorrow or some manifestation thereof no.

Problem all right. So. I want you to stop for a we're gonna go into phase two of the webinar. But before we do.

I want you to think of stop for a moment and think about what did what do you want to be able to do as a byproduct from tonight's training right. What is it you want to be able to do. I'm moving you. I want for the sake of being comprehensive and complete.

I wanted to finish the emotional map on phase three we're going to come back and start looking at the elemental side of things right. And. Then uh. I'll customize it and we'll go from there.

But go ahead and type in the chat the things you want to be able to do as a byproduct of tonight's training and let's go ahead and jump into phase two entertain oh you're going to be super entertaining. Richard um and with your permission. I'd like to go ahead and share some stuff with you. First and foremost.

I'd like you to introduce you to our face reading for. Fun and. Profit uh home study course this is how to read anyone instantly uh and this is primarily a reorganization of the original face reading system that. I was taught it's organized.

So that you don't need to know anything about. Chinese energetics five elements or. Oriental medicine in any way shape or form to use it and if you follow the training you'll be able to profile person's complete face from the top of the hairline to the chin line in as little as 90 seconds and it just gets deeper from there. So this particular course is really not is really all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level either through understanding yourself uh having the ability to read people instantly to learn how to predict their behaviors uh and help more people help themselves right. This to me. I think uh the face reading system more people need to know it more people need to be doing it because it's such a force multiplier to every form of therapy coaching negotiation mentoring matchmaking any place where people need to be compatible any place where the prediction of behaviors and attitudes that people are most likely to engage in this is like it's like having cheat codes in in an ethical and honest way if you want to be the most popular person and sometimes the most feared person uh your. Social.

Circle this is probably a really good skill set for you to to embody. So you wind up helping more people feeling more confident powerful and you ultimately find that the game of life gets a lot easier for you because you know what's coming you can see how people are going to behave it's literally written on their face and as a byproduct of this you're going to become more. Charming charismatic and irresistible than you ever thought possible if you're a hypnotist and you know how to do this this level of suggestibility that you will enjoy with clients is off the charts if you're a neural linguistic programmer or some kind of counselor and you want higher levels of compliance higher levels of openness connection trust expectation this is the program that this will lever all those slides now this offers that. I'm going to talk to you about is good until.

March 25th 2024 at 11:59 p.m. But don't worry it's perfectly worth it it's at the regular price right. Um. So we're going to start with let me go ahead and move this over here.

So. I can actually read it better it's going to start with the secrets of face reading home study course this is a powerful proven real world face reading skills system and psychological uh intervention process that allows you to read personality temperament trauma and it's a awesome it's going to teach you to assess temperaments and personalities thinking and decision making. Styles unlock emotional traumas their management styles we're going to talk a little bit about some of that stuff in part three of the webinar we'll talk about sexual and romantic compatibility how people manage money and resources or how they should be managing their money and resources versus what their natural predispositions kind of. LED them to do um it's easy you can actually look.

At somebody's. Nos and figure out their spending habits pretty well uh if you really want to understand yourself better. I haven't found a better onramp into personal transformation and self-directed transformation in the face reading system because the face doesn't lie the face points you in the direction of what you need to explore what you need to unpack what you need to release and if you have the skills which we're going to make sure that you have. Then you'll be able to do that consistently anytime anywhere under any circumstance for pretty much any reason.

So that being said um if you want to be able to predict human behavior to a high degree and. Then influence it um this is what you want to learn about uh if you want to be the most fascinating person in the room and never be. Fooled. Again o that's big okay.

There actually is some very valid very powerful ways of using face reading as a form of lie detection. I wouldn't uh. I would combine it with other oops. I would combine it with other methods.

But um still very very powerful. So this is a $1,997 value. But we're not going to stop there obviously this is the beginning the the belt buckle if you will the. Nexus of a much more comprehensive and robust set of skills.

So we're going to include for you these special bonuses and these bonuses include our our number one. NLP course worldwide defense against the. Dark. Art speed profiling influence and counter manipulation home study course um this is a really really uh this is usually a main offer in some of our other webinars.

But we thought this was such an important uh framework for applying face reading to protect yourself and and the and the people you care about that we had to include this as part of your face reading package. So you'll learn how to think like a master influencer and how to avoid being the target of a master influencer we'll talk about victimology we'll talk about how what do these evil influencers look. For what kind of pain points what kind of facial cues and characteristics what kind of. Lifestyle signals do they do they target you or they target.

So that they can influence you at your weakest we're going to teach you how to control your own emotional state. So no. One else can do it for you this is a really really in fact if there was a. Jedi skill in.

Planet. David it would be this combined with the. Power report skills that. I'm about to talk about when you have when you have a full grasp of the of the emotional state control training no.

One will ever be able to push your buttons for any length of time ever again you'll be able to enter or exit or chain any set of emotional states you want at will automatically you'll be able to take that skill that skill set combine it with. Power report and be able to actually link to somebody else's nervous system kind of like sinking up a. Bluetooth and actually. Prime them to think feel and behave a certain way based on your own body feelings we talk we we we have the saying that the fastest way to change somebody's behaviors or decisions is to change their body feelings the fastest way to change a person's body feelings is to change yours.

First and that's what level two and three of of this bullet this bulleted list is all about how to think like a master of influence how to control your own emotional state how to link those emotional states to the states of other people and influence those before you even open your mouth for the benefit of everyone now what if you had magical powers what if you had an ability to simply speak a few words and in the minds of your subject cause anything you want or make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener that's what the. First pattern we're going to teach you is all about what if you have the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those things had absolutely zero in common right. What if we could take some of those markings on the face and change how people thought about them. So that they could release them faster and get healthier quicker what if we could say that you change the cause of of a particular marking and say well it's not really this that caused this it's this and with that change give them abilities and access to resources that would let them kill clear those emotions faster right.

This is what. I'm talking about um language pattern three what if you have the ability to change a person's focus of attention in such a way that they would only pay attention to the things you described or name and ignored everything else on top of that what if you had the ability to make their unconscious mind just run a program or a process whether their conscious mind wanted to or not right. That's just part four and five of what you're going to be able to do with these powerful hypnotic language patterns what if you had the ability to make any internal movie that a person's running in their head or their heart be exactly what you describe with a 0% chance of making a mistake what if that were possible that's what the. First six superpowers in the the hypnotic language pattern module will teach you okay.

Uh what if you have the ability to literally extract a person's internal. Behavior code remember we said everything that human beings do has a process a pattern what if we could extract that pattern put decision or an action or behavior that we want or need them to make into that structure feed it back to them and have them actually just take it in and and do it like you would enter a command into your. GPS or a program that's what level six of this process or seven process is what if we could take a person's own emotional needs and wants and the rules by which they. Define that they're getting those things and bond it to whatever.

Behavior product or service you want to do that with and do it in a completely ethical and honest way that's the influencing part of defense against the dark arts this is our core uh killer influence. NLP. Ultra protocol. But we're not going to stop there because defense against the dark arts is all about protecting yourself and your loved ones from unethical influence.

So of course there's more to this what if we had the master keys for how to read anyone instantly what if we could look. At somebody and instantly have a um a la not a laund list. But a checklist if you would in our head of the most common indicators of deception uh we have actually we actually have two of those in the class one is called the used deception indicator scale the other is called the. Hansen 15.

So we'll teach you the fundamentals of kinesic interview and interrogation and how to look. At body language and interpret it towards and away from positive or negative uh comfortable or uncomfortable and. Then the the top 15 to 30 techniques that are cued that let you know somebody has a high probability of being deceptive okay. That's where we're going to teach that's one of the things you're going to learn we're going to teach you how to spot sociopath narcissist and other evil predatory a-holes these are people who find ways in to infiltrate your life and do horrible things to the people you love and care about we're going to show you how to look.

For them the flags to to spot and what to do about them when they actually show up we're going to talk about speed profiling secrets for preventing. Predators from getting their hooked into you in the. First place we're going to talk about predatory psychology and how these people actually sort for their victims what are the. C tactics and the traits that they look.

For what are the most common methods that they use right. We'll talk about and we talk this has also teach this in soulmate. Secrets we'll talk about why sometimes the worst characteristics in a person look. Like they're best that.

M that that blows people's minds right. But a lot of times possessive looks a lot like uh caring and conf and um condescending looks a lot like confident or. KN or knowing what you want we'll show you how how to how to sort those things out once and for all you're going to get the 21 conversational red flags narcissists and sociopaths use to avoid taking responsibility for the events they cause and how to instantly turn the tables on them you'll also be uh introduced to them how to instantly spot micro expression changes and subtle cues and many more bonus chapters on psychological tactics and influence total price on this is is uh or value on this is $1,997 we're going to the to. Total combined value between face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level one and uh defense against the. Dark. Art is$ 3,994.

But as you can probably guess we're not done yet we have uh for those of you coming up for those of you who are more therapeutically oriented we're going to include one of our most powerful alchemical process programs ever this is our identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this was recorded live it comes with the manual and it's going to teach you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind you'll literally gain the ability to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason we're going to teach you how to systematically remove the blocks and limiting beliefs that your clients and you did not even know you had. So you can replace it with something better we're going to teach you how to to find and remove the hidden negativity and retention rules in other words when people create a uh a traumatic memory or a a limiting belief they often have certain reasons for holding on to that trauma or limiting belief and if you don't deal with that that reason for holding on to it the body will fight you and will not let go of the trauma. So we teach you how to neutralize that.

So the the body's happy to let that trauma go once and for all we call that specialized negativity clearing we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away this goes back once again to the safety lessons that people often attach to their traumatic memories if you've ever had a problem that you've went to somebody for they've done an intervention and it went away and came back. Later you've got safety lessons if you've ever had a an issue that you've went to somebody for and maybe it was at a 78 n10 and you went through the process of clearing and clearing and clearing and. Then it hit like a one or two and. Then it just stopped moving you've got safety lessons from our perspective we'll show you how to systematically remove that stuff in yourself.

But most and even more importantly we'll show you how to remove it for your clients and the people you care about to if you've ever had to deal with a crappy voice inside your head that just tells you all the reasons why you don't deserve success why you shouldn't invest in yourself why you can't be successful the voice that tears you down instead of builds you up if you're tired of that voice and you want to know how to change it in yourself and change it in your clients your your your mentees your and. So forth that's phase four of the identity by design process it's going to go in it's going to clear out that voice and it's going to replace it with a voice that tells you all the reasons why you deserve to have it that reminds you that you're always loved you're always good enough you're always accepted protected forgiven for all wrongs real or imagined and you're never ever alone when we did this on our. Last identity by design class. Last week the trans.

Transformations were off the charts this is one of the most powerful transformational methodologies we've come up with and you're going to learn how to do it you're going to experience it and your clients are going to be blown away by the changes that that are going to roll out as a byproduct of this particular process right. We're going to teach you how to systematically dissolve and drain all the negativity from your past memories. So that when you look. Back on the past which is something all of us do before we do something in the future we look.

At our past to see what we've done. But now when you look. Back on the past you'll only remember the your life in the ways that make your life better you'll only remember it in ways that ex excite you and inspire you and energize you to go go for things right. Uh and.

Then. Finally we're going to teach you how to do this for yourself and. Then for your clients how to install in your own mind and body the same qualities characteristics and attributes of people who you truly admire of people who you want to be more like right. Uh the technical term for this is called.

Deep trans identification you may have also heard of it called the. ROV effect or for those of you who are more into current self-help books you may have heard of something called the alter ego effect we'll show you how to build these things install them into your own mind and body. So that you can activate them and have them active whenever you want to in your own life okay. So 1,00 497 value we're going to give this to you free because we don't want you to just be the person who can diagnose what's going on through a person's face we want you to have the ability to confirm what the face is telling you and to clean it out and resolve it once and for all and that's why we included this course as part of your your get it all done package right.

It's one thing to talk about [ __ ] that people need to fix or. Point things out to them it's another thing to actually have the tools and the skills and the abilities to do that yourself without having to refer them out now if you want to refer people out that's fine. But if you want a. One-Stop shop want to be able to from.

Soup. To. Nuts fix what's broken or fix what needs fixing this is going to let you do that and it's going to add massive massive bumps to your. Revenue stream to $ 5,491 value these same techniques by the way are used by the uh olymp the.

US. Olympic. Swim. Team they've been using them for like at least eight years that.

I know of uh they learned them from one of my students. Joanie na um and uh and they've been super super powerful okay. But we're not done for those of you who are really into body language and for the ability to read people we've talked about the face right. We've talked about um the language of deception.

But what about the rest of the body what about how people stand what about how people are dressing what about how how they're sitting what kind of body language can we learn from that what can we extrapolate from that. So. I'm including this special two-day intensive that. I.

I taught called people reading for. Fun and. Profit body language secrets during this program we're going to teach you what's going on from the neck down in fact some of the. Five.

Element stuff we'll be talking about um in part three of the webinar is actually really useful with this stuff as well. So we'll teach you how to read people's body languages and expressions to understand the body language of. Attraction you know most people go through a five-stage attraction process and if you can read those five stages you can pretty much write your own ticket with the people of your choice we're going to teach you how to detect lies and other deceptive behaviors based on how their people move their bodies towards and away from open or closed right. We're going to teach you how to influence people without words one of the coolest things we taught at identity by.

Design was what we call the internal rocking sensation versus the external rocking sensation and that you can actually uh cause people to go into a deep deep trance just by rocking yourself in a certain way it's really kind of fun if you want to understand men better ladies we'll show you how to do that men if you want to understand women better we're going to show you how to do that because it's actually really important to understand that there's a translation issue uh from one gender to the. Next. I don't care what your gender orientation is what your gender preferences there are certain behaviors certain uh fundamental aspects to the way you guys process. I'm using the editorial guys by the way the way you people process data from the other genders that can cause you to mistranslate what's being attempted at being communicated and if we don't understand how to fix that translation we're going to be uh at the on the wrong end of somebody's bad impression more often than not.

So it's really important to understand how the other gender interprets certain types of body language certain types of speech. So you can engineer your. Communications to be more fulfilling and effective we're going to teach you how to eliminate uh the behaviors that weaken your influence uh things like when you're sitting at a table and you're constantly touching your face uh touching your face in a conversation tends to weaken your credibility and influence right. Uh we're going to show you how to dress for success of the my early mentors was a woman named.

Taylor. Sinclair and uh one of the things that she taught us was that uh there's a certain hierarchy of dress that are is fairly. Universal in in at least. Western culture and we're going to teach you what that looks like.

So you can decide you can engineer what level of social status you want to exude in any particular uh venue or any particular context or environment sometimes coming in with too much status or dressed at such a too high a status level will actually weaken and undermine your ability to influence and persuade because it just doesn't fit right. And vice versa. So these things are important and these are things a lot of people don't think about too much. Beyond should.

I wear a red. Power tie or a blue. Power tie or a yellow power tie right. That that's there's a little bit more going on.

So we're going to give you a little bit of a deep dive into that total value is $1,497 we're going to give this to you free total combined value. So far is $698. So let's just review what we've got here you're going to get the secrets of face reading home study course valued at $1,997 you're going to get the speed profiling defense against the dark arts absolutely free with value of $1,997 you're going to get the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course.

Val at $1,497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the people reading for fund and profit today intensive is a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and of. So total value is $ 6,988 now. I want you guys to have the best deal humanly possible okay. I want you guys to do this we need more people like you out here using these skills learning these skills and helping people rescue themselves and get themselves out of the [ __ ] that they put themselves in either from.

Bad programming too much time uh being locked in their house whatever we want you to be on the. Forefront of the people to have this. So you're not going to have to pay $698 okay. We're not even gonna even if we knocked it down by half it would still be a great deal.

But we're not even going to charge you that we're not even going to charge you $1,497 although it would be a freaking good deal at that for those of you who want to get started those of you who want to really uh get the fast track to taking your practice whatever that is to a higher level to being more socially under uh socially able more charismatic more attractive able to to make better hiring decisions better teen decisions um to find and match people up better sexually and romantically you don't have to pay $497 you can get it all today for one low installment of $99.97 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each and all you got to do to get yours is go to uh click this link right. Here www.lpower.com slf that's www.lpower.com slfac click the link right. Now. So you can reserve your spot because as you can probably figure out.

I'm not done yet. So there might be some other goodies coming your way that if you click that link right. Now you'll get them before they're all gone okay. Now for those of you who are wondering well.

I don't know. David. I'm a little iffy. I don't know well here's the thing you don't have to believe me click your link now test this material go out start reading faces for a full 60 days start reading your own face for a full 60 days if at the end of 60 days you're not convinced that you're on the fast track you've got the the for lack of a better word the cheat codes to understanding people better to reading their personality instantly if you're not using those skills or being able find yourself able to attract use those skills to attract more success and manifest the life of your dreams.

I'll refund all your money right. If you're not if these skills are not helping you read people faster and better. So you can feel more confident more secure confident and powerful and you're not winning more socially. I'll refund every dime you invested in this program.

But. I know for a fact that if you apply this training and you go out and you start using this. I don't care if you're at. Starbucks.

I don't care if you're you're at uh. Barnes &. Noble any place where people congregate uh you are going to be the bell of the ball you're going to be the life of the party people are going to line up out the door to hear what you have to say and the best part is you don't even need to tell people what you know you can just move through the world reading everybody like a book. And avoiding all kinds of crap because you know what to look.

For right. Every decision in your life can be better as a face reader okay. So if after 60 days say 59 days you're not convinced it's not working for you for whatever reason just pick up the phone give. Moss or.

Mia a call we'll refund every dime you invested you have absolutely nothing nothing to lose here just click that link right. Now click it now www.lpower.com click your links before all the special bonuses. I haven't told you about yet are all gone okay. What what special bonuses.

David well. I'm glad you asked right. As if this wasn't enough uh if you grab your course before. March 25th 2024 we're going to also include these special fast action bonuses.

First and foremost we're going to give you the one thing that turns you from. Zero to. Hero once you have the course and that's the ability to practice the opportunity to work with other people just like you who want to learn how to get better at this stuff right. Uh since.

October of 2010 we have run the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice.

Group and the archive that goes with it we get together on the. Third. Saturday of every month and. I literally go around the room and.

I say. Jake what do you want to learn. Rob what do you want to learn. Matt what do you want to learn.

Moss what do you want to learn. Teresa what do you want to learn. Holly what do you want to learn. Jax what do you want to learn.

Seth what do you want to learn and. I just go right. To like. Last class we had like 40 people almost 30 40 people in the class and.

I ask them what they want to learn for that day and. I look. At what they've written. I find the.

Connecting. Threads and. Then for the. Next four to six hour six to eight hours depending on the day.

I drill you on those skills until you can use them in your sleep and. Then you go out into the world and you apply those skills now you will not get a uh you will not get a certificate from participating in the. NLP power. Mastermind what you will get is the one thing that makes all the certifications worth having the ability to actually do this right.

My job in in the mentoring program is to help you troubleshoot the stuff that you need help with to give you an opportunity to practice now if you're local to the. San. Diego area you actually have the opportunity to come to my office and train in person while everybody else is virtual or streaming right. So if you're in the.

San. Diego. Los. Angeles.

Arizona area and you you don't mind driving you can come over and you can train with us in person for no. Extra price in fact this is a free bonus we're going to give you three months of this now we've also videotaped. I should say. I say videotape because when.

I started this we were still using videotape right. But we've video recorded every single practice session that we have done since. October of 2010 and we've archived that those videos uh 13 years worth on the. NLP power website we've archived them on our private.

Facebook. Group and we've archived them parts of it in our uh platinum and uh above members area in the uh in the. YouTube uh. Channel you're going to get the.

ENT as part of your 90-day membership you're going to get unlimited access to the entire 13-year video archive 99% of this stuff has never been put out in a. YouTube video to the public it's never appeared in any form of product it is completely virgin the only people who can access that archive are. The. Mastermind mentoring members in group in in good standing.

So if you want to binge watch stuff that's 13 years worth of stuff on everything from dating and attraction to face reading to manifestation to accelerated learning to trauma resolution to. Hidden laws of. Attraction um uh handwriting analysis uh psychic skills energy work you name it remote influencing remote viewing it's all in there right. Uh the only problem that that you'll have is a knowing where to start um and because the the curriculum on a month-to-month basis is member driven there's there will be quite a bit of repetition because a lot of people have the same uh questions.

But every now and. Then somebody ask a question that's some that pulls out some solid gold. So there's a lot of lot of good stuff in there and you can binge watch it for an entire 90 days absolutely free. So $1,997 value if the end at the end of the 90-day membership if you decide you want to stay because you love the people and.

I do uh. Then we'll show you how to extend your membership right. Total combined value is $898. I see the questions and hopefully moss and.

Mia can ask those or or uh answer those questions while. I continue to talk. But we're not done yet if you click that link right. Now we're also going to show give you face reading level two face reading for.

Fun and. Profit home study course this will take teach you everything that uh you learned in face reading one and a whole lot more the difference though is face reading one we actually released that during covid face reading. So everything we did was above the mask. So it was designed to be able to be used while people were wearing a facial mask face reading 2 was everything below the mask everything that was covered by.

The. Mask the. Prof files the the ear shapes all of those things. So we we go even more in depth into the.

Chinese and into the energetics of it into the different facial characteristics what they mean how you combine them how to profile we'll talk about you know different how how lips can how different configurations of people's lips can actually um project how they handle sexual and romantic boundaries how generous they are uh how how willful they are how stubborn they are how fast they make decisions how how slowly they or quickly they take action these are all things that you will learn in face reading level two based on your ability to look. At people from a profile right. Their their risk tolerance their. Financial.

Risk toleran versus their physical risk tolerances how bossy they are how um prone to accumulating wealth they might be these are all parts of face reading level too it's a $1,997 value comes with actually two manuals uh because there's a lot of stuff in there uh combined is total of 10,9 $82 we're going to give this to you free when you click your link right. Now and just go ahead and grab your course and up until recently this was never released um on our website. So now for the. Next 21 people to register today.

I got something else. I want to share with you right. Our. Next five element face reading for.

Fun and. Profit. Mega training this is a combination of my uh regular. Five.

Element face reading my modern. Five. Element face reading training combined with the. Five.

Element system. I was originally taught and energetic building managing and regulating practices we're actually going to start teaching you about things like. Jing and. Chi and.

Shen and how you can begin to not only balance your elements you can you can clear stuff out you can build your own energy you can start to really become powerful on aqi level or a. Shen level or even on a on a jing level you know. I. I can show you what to do.

I can show you how to do it. But. I can't do it for you. So this is going to be uh.

David's just going to pull out all the stops and for three days you and me are going to dive head. First into the wonderful world of. Five. Element energetics face reading uh personality temperament and behavior all right.

It's. April 26 to the 28th uh 2024 um and. I believe an hybrid option is available um this particular this is what we call a. VIP super ticket and.

I want to talk about that um the discounted price is for first-time buyers only and the way the. VIP super ticket works is um you get to come to any training that you have a that that has a designated. VIP ticket that ticket does not expire. So if you can't make the.

April 26 training. But you do have uh this. VIP ticket in our database. Then you can use it for the.

Next face reading training because. Last uh. Last webinar. I also offered uh the a choice you could do.

Five. Element face reading or you could do the five-day defense against the dark arts training uh if you have a. VIP ticket and you think that you will rather learn defense against the dark arts instead. Then we'll let you use that.

VIP ticket towards one or the other. But this is the the. VIP tickets at the current price of 9.97 are for first-time buyers only if you if you've used one of our webinar packages before there are other ways that you can get a a nice big discount on these. VIP tickets.

But you'll have to talk to. Moss directly or speak to. Mia uh and they can put that number in the chat. So um this is again this is a live face reading certification and.

I will be bringing random people in and. I'll be encouraging you to read people's faces all throughout the hotel right. Um and we'll go from there. So $3,150 value and uh you again when this is actually the write up for uh defense against the dark arts.

But uh yeah total value is $1 14,132. But wait there's more some people just want my help to fix their stuff. So for the. Next 15 people who clicked this link we are going to bundle with everything else that.

I've shown you a free. VIP ticket this is this can only be used for this this intensive by the way uh a. VIP ticket to our. Next online virtual healing intensive with yours truly.

Dr. David this is three days of. Unstoppable transformation and healing practices that. I will personally be guiding you through.

I promise you that you will you will come into this training one way and you will leave in a very very different way uh going forward and it's going to be an amazing experience for most people we tested this for the. First time a couple months ago and people absolutely loved it now. I will tell you right. Up front that if you're looking for certification if you're looking for things that you can do with clients that is not the focus of this.

Workshop this. Workshop is strictly and completely for you it's designed to help you to. Target isolate and remove the stuff that's holding you back in any aspect of your life and to help you install and put in the things you want in need to become the best version of yourself humanly possible it's me and my skill set and you and a and a small group of people going through three days of just one transformation after another okay. There is.

U these these intensives will never be a product uh because of the personal nature of the the information that we're we're we're going to be helping you guys clear we will have a a very highly trained staff if there's people who need individualized attention from time to time they will be available people. I would trust with any client that came to me for help you know. Holly and. Heather and and.

Moss uh. I don't know who else we might have on the in the lineup. But uh. Seth will probably be there as well.

So these are people who are highly highly trained and. I have repeatedly thrown to wolves and they've completely consistently tamed those wolves and turned them into loving puppies. So to speak. U.

So they're highly highly competent highly highly trained. But if you're looking for something the fast track to change in transformation if you want to if you want to get unstuck. But good. Then grab click that link right.

Now and uh jump in for the uh the. Next three-day uh virtual healing intens and this is virtual there is no. Live training for this it will all be done through. Zoom.

So you don't have to leave your house you don't have to travel you don't have to pay for any expensive hotels or anything like that. April 12th to the 14th completely online it's a $1,497 value and it's three full days of personal healing practices dissolving negativity you didn't even know you had getting rid of physical and emotional pain and resolving traumas phobias and self- sabotage putting a dead stop halt to procrastination and destroying limiting beliefs once and for all and a whole lot more all right. All you got to do get yours total value for that is 15,6 $29 do the math folks balance that out right. And let's look.

At what we got just to kind of sum it all up for you got secrets of face reading home study course gu at $1,997 you have defense against the dark arts home study course $1,970 value we're going to give that to you free you got the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course got at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you got the people reading for fund and profit home study course everything below the mask um. I'm sorry that's uh for the the body everything below the neck around $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program plus the 13-year archive $1,997 value completely free you're going get the face reading for fund and profit level two home study course below the mass training $1,997 value and you're going to get that. VIP super ticket. Five. Element face reading for.

Fun and. Profit or if you prefer you can swap it out for the defense against the. Dark. Art.

I'm sorry the. NLP. Ultra 5-day training coming up in uh. May 2026 when you call.

Moss you just got to let him know which training you're coming to you can't have both it's one or the other you coming to face reading or you're coming to. NLP. Ultra. I know.

I said defense against the dark. ARS earlier um. But it's actually. NLP.

Ultra uh. So and you and regardless of which of those trainings you choose you'll all qualify for the uh 3-day virtual healing intensive. April 12th through this the 12 13th 14th. I think it was.

I think. I got my my dates wrong here um yeah um yeah. April 12 13th and 14th um here online okay. So total value $5,695 all you got to do to get yours is go to is click this link right.

Here npower.com slf or if you need uh a little extra help you want three want to do it in three installment just click that link now. NLP power.com slfac click the link click the link click the link and uh we're going to go ahead and let you guys um we're gonna give you guys like a seven minute break to finalize that stuff when we come back we're going to jump into five element energetics and we're going to continue to talk about these elements how what they look. Like at work and how you can begin to um apply these things in your daily life. So.

I hope uh. I hope you stick with us it's going to be fun uh these are things that. I've. I've almost never taught uh to the general public.

So stay with us and we'll be back shortly take care e e e e e e e e e e all right. Folks we're back hopefully you guys had a chance to talk to the. Moss or the. Mia click those links and get your guys uh reservations in.

But it's we're now back to part three of tonight's webinar and tonight's part three of tonight's webinar. I lovingly call the customization phase this is where we get to take our intentions you know the the content that we had laid out because. I. I'll be uppr with you whenever.

I do a webinar. I always have probably enough content for 10 webinars like easily right. Because. I usually bring all my my training notes when.

I do this and the reason. I do that is because everyone who shows up on a webinar has a different vibe to them and here's what. I mean. I had a training once where everybody in the training had the same problems like they were from completely different soci economic formats they were there for from different parts of the world and everybody who had similar problems wound up sitting right.

Next to somebody else who had the same problem like marketing people would wind up. Next to marketing people. Healthcare people would wind up. Next to healthcare people it was really fascinating and one of the things.

I learned early on is that when people come to a training they have a specific outcome that they want a specific thing they want to learn and that if you can take the time to find out what those are and give them that they will come away with the best experience you possible in spite of all the other stuff you could have taught them because they got what they came for if that makes any kind of sense some people will say what are you crazy that's going to make people like not buy your stuff or whatever. I said look. Here's the thing you don't buy a car without test driving right. If there's a problem that you need and you can somebody can show you that they have the solution there's always going to be another problem that needs to be solved.

So. I'm gonna give you good stuff up front that you came for if. I can and. Then show you where to go for more and that's that's been my that's been my modus operandi from the beginning and have.

I just as a quick aside have. I have. I have. I kept that promise have.

I kind of showed you guys uh the stuff you wanted to learn and and has it been useful for you answer yes. Okay. Edie says yes. Thank you all right.

All right. So here's the thing we're going to talk about. Five. Element energetics now.

But now once again this is the scope of everything in in face reading what. I gave you at the beginning of this webinar and the beginning of uh. Last uh two the webinar on the 11th were the were the charts from the face reading system. I was learning that.

I thought were immediately useful like the mo. I could just take these put them in a binder and. I'm ready to go right. Some of the other things especially when we start working with the energetics and things like that they they can be as useful.

But you have there's a little bit more. Foundation that needs to go with that. So here's what. I'd like you guys to do right.

Now in for the spirit of part three is what is it you guys most want to know about right. Now just type it in the chat what you most want to know about and. Then we'll we'll kind of do this like my. Mastermind where.

I say what do you want to. Lear what do you want to. Lear and. I'll put.

I'll go to the information that. I have prepared and. I'll pull out the information that that satisfies that does that sound like a plan yes. Or yes.

Cool all right. Type away guys. YouTubers you heard me type away show me what you're working with good negotiation skills okay. How to get rid of my resistance lines.

Ed what's a resistance line sweetie. I don't understand when you say resistance line what does that mean uh what time in the. USA times are the healing intensive sessions they'll start at 10 a.m. Pacific 10: a.m.

Pacific the ones oh are you talking about the appeasement lines these lines here okay. All right. So it sounds like you guys are more interested in clearing stuff is there a reason why. I do not find out why.

I do not experience orgasm based on my face actually there could there's a that's a definite maybe. Frances is it. Francesca or or. Jacqueline can't remember.

I missed the the name went by. So quick how to work as effectively. But mitigating possible conflicts that may arise from someone with a. Fantasia okay.

When we start working with people okay. This is starting to become a hypnotherapy class not a face reading class. But. I.

I see where this is going build more self-awareness what people are really feeling that could be more easily related to okay. All right. So let's start with let's start by painting some very broad. Strokes ra relle is asking how to heal from narcissistic partner for over 26 years relle that's you're gonna get hear this a few seconds after.

I actually said it you're gonna have to that's going to be a transformational. Triad and regress to cause workor right. The markings that you need to heal uh they'll be obvious on the face. But the emotions and the stories connected to those emotions those are the things that need to be unpacked and attacked uh.

Rob. H is asking how to you use these skills during interviews oh great question. Rob all right. So let's start.

So how many of you actually know the five elements when. I say five elements do you actually know what. I mean. So.

Lacy says yes. Willow says yes. Okay. Ed say and that's fine.

I'm going to assume you don't. But. I don't want to. But.

I'm. I want to preface that in case. I. I'm like insulting the intelligence of people who are coming from an oriental medical background or something like that.

So let's talk now you can think of the energ the five elements. I'm going to go ahead and maybe par par myself a little bit if that's okay. Because. I feel like.

I'm going into. Professor mode. So. I want to sit a little bit um one of the things that uh has has messed people up a lot with five elements and there's different ways you can think about it now five elements is actually not the the literal trans trans for translation of what they call woing woing literally means and it's x y n g by the way uh literally means five.

Transformations. So what it is is one energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy becoming a different energy and. Then the interrelationships between those energies. So.

I want when we start talking about five elements uh yes. There are energetic frequencies and correspondences that we can tap into. But on one level you can think of them as as little energies. But it's usually helpful.

I found to for for people to understand that what we're talking about is the relationship of of of one part of the body or one part of the the organ system or. Meridian system to another some of this some of these systems will have a beneficial relationship in other words for example we know that fire is used to feed wood. I'm sorry food wood is used to feed. Fire right.

And. So those have a motherson relationship where wood is the mother of fire. But fire will produce. Ash which is.

Earth. So fire which is the son of mother is also did. I get that right. Fire is the mother of wood will will become the mother of uh.

Earth and and. So forth. So there's a cycle of energetics that one cycle creates the the. Next p piece in the.

PA. But there's also uh counteracting and interacting or controlling. Cycles. So for example fire will burn the wood right.

And it will melt metal right. So we can think of too much too much fire can drain our wood energy um and it can melt metal which will give us lung problems now that's all real kind of um complicated uh mother son. Cycles controlling. Cy we don't need to worry about that.

But. I want you to understand that conceptually because in advanced face reading when you start looking at the different facial characteristics if you have someone who has a super strong water feature up here and almost no. Fire right. Or or they have a u almost no.

A lot of. Woody features those two elements are going to interact in a certain way and you'll be able to create more complicated or more comprehensive stack trait stacking we're not going there this this time around we're going to talk about the basic fire um water fire earth metal wood these are the five basic elements that we're going to talk about each of those has an archetype if you will an archetype in terms of facial locations. But also an archetype in terms of the facial the the body structure that goes with that okay. So that's where we're going to start.

First we're going to start as there's five basic elements and it goes water. Uh. Wood the way lilan taught me water wood fire earth metal and depending on which system of uh like. Tibetan five elements is a is a little bit different than.

Japanese five elements. U. But it's it's not important for now um. So.

I want to download all this stuff to you and still keep it simple. But it's it's it's again this is when the reason why. I didn't do that all right. So let's look.

At the five basic elements and what we can do with that all right. So. I'm gonna. I'm.

G to switch over to my one note and these particular pictures are actually from lilian's book. Uh. I figure if. I'm going to teach you what.

I learned. Then. I'm going to teach you from the person. I learned it from right.

So this is a water element face and you can see that it has a lot of roundness to it it's it's it's got a very round people with water faces tend to be very have um roundness to their forehead you'll notice the eyes. Have a little bit more. Shadow around them and they're actually quite deep set people with a water physiognomy or a strong set of water characteristics uh tend to be very introspective they tend to have a kind of a mysterious energy about them they uh they they're more contemplative they're more introspective um and the deeper set the eyes. The darker the set the eyes.

The more the more of a mystery they tend to come across as now people with uh who who have a water physiognomy people whose whose bones are very large and very heavy uh these people tend to have wider hips um we mentioned the mysteriousness of the eyes. And there's there's a dark undertone to their skin the color that goes to the water element is a dark blue sometimes black or purple and. So these people will tend to have a little bit more um. Darkness or shade around the eyes.

Okay. Now that could that can be a healthy. Darkness or can be in not. So healthy.

Darkness um for example if someone has going through a lot of adrenal fatigue they're not sleeping well both of which by the way are related to the kidney which is an aspect which is an organ uh related to the water element. Then this can have a almost bruised look. To it. But usually the the deeper the eye the more of a pool they have here and.

So you want to think waterways now. I. I don't know if you can see it very well on this forehead. But this person has a really interesting trait and it could be a it could be a trick of the light or not.

But if you notice there's almost like a a bony sphere here and a bony sphere here and this has a little bit of a pool to it. So when you see some of these traits um the kidneys the water element all relate to the. Bone and the bone marrow as well as the bladder as and and. So forth.

So anytime you see extra bone in and around the forehead. We call we say this person has extra. Jing and if you notice that there the there's almost a little um a little crevice or a little space between these two bony parts of the forehead we say that this person has inherited talents and traits from their mother and their father that are uh sort of antagonistic to each other in other words maybe some person has real strong math ability and the other person is really good at um. Mac like something like that's a different aspect of it.

But when you see these big watery foreheads this person has a lot of extra. Jing um the space here tends to lead to uh water people tend to be quite psychic often and. So their. Third eye can be can be um a little bit more open um.

But let's look. At the personality traits of this here okay. These people tend to be a little bit more reserved they don't they don't get angry uh really fast that's what's interesting. So if you have someone who has a lot of water features they tend you know they say.

Still. Waters. Run. Deep these people tend to take a slow a slower time to anger or to get pissed off now when they.

Finally do get angry they're like they're like a boiling. Kettle. But it takes a while to get there right. Um because of the influence of water element these people like to just kind of sit although they're they're often very very good at business uh they kind of like to be more introspective contemplative they they don't like to move a whole lot uh.

So they like to be at rest um their favorite foods tend to be soupy uh they love to sleep uh and they they really cherish their time alone and in the quiet. So if you're someone who has a water deficiency from a lifestyle perspective if you were to take on some of these activities just learning how to be at rest be in more meditation spend more time sleeping and not moving uh these things are very nurturing and nourishing to the kidneys okay. These people tend to be more easygo lifestyle wise they tend to be more easygoing as as an employee they tend to be more easygoing calm process oriented they can be a bit persistent and stubborn okay. So if you're going to hire somebody this would be uh water person as an employee okay.

What are they like as a boss well here's the thing to understand when you've got someone who's got a lot of water they're not necessarily going to be a super rule. Monger. But they want [ __ ] done right. And they want the rules followed um as best as possible they like that people can get along without causing waves.

So to speak they tend to be easygoing uh and don't usually have strict deadlines. But they do value research um thorough research and you know in. Chinese. Five.

Element. Theory we would say that water is the uh the mother of of water is metal. So in metal people you will see a strong and you'll see this when we get to the end a strong um regard for boundaries rules deadlines um and and and really just making sure. Protocols are followed and when we talk about being sure the and what does this really mean it means process if there's an established process or guideline these people are going to be super um super about that and because what metal is the mother of water you can see that that that importance of process is still there.

But these guys are our gals are much more easygoing about it um if you can actually if if you if you don't follow a process and you have a really good rationale for why that process wasn't followed and why you did what you did these people will probably let you get away with it right. But you better you better have your ducks in a row because they're going to ask how did you to that conclusion where's your research can you prove it to me that kind of thing okay. So that's the water element any questions about the water element really really quickly while we have you here anybody berer all right. Oh nobody's answering.

So you're either hardly jotting down notes or uh or. I've completely put you in trance one of the two. So um how to heal from how to use these skills during interviews okay. So from a from a from a hiring perspective if.

I have somebody who is working in a very busy fastpaced chaotic fluid environment is a water person going to be my my person of choice and and. I'm. Jack says trance and. I'm open to hearing your.

R again because. I want you to think about finding the right. Person the right. The right.

Temperament for the job if you tell us how we can take notes in the replay well. I'll tell you what. I'll do if you want again. I recommend that you pick up lilian's book.

Because these are literally from from her work. So on a. Second let me just lower this a little bit okay. All right.

[Music]. So. So. Willow says what.

Willow did you have a question can water elements be dishonest anyone can be dishonest this this is not about character and. I think it's it's important to to to talk about that when we talk about personality and temperament when we talk about the five elements whether you're using the modern approach to face reading or you're uh going with the classics um we can look. At trauma history we can look. At lifestyle we can look.

At. Constitution um we can look. At potential athletic ability sexual and romantic compatibility uh we can look. At the most likely personality and temperament a person is going to exhibit.

But here's the thing and lilan could do this. I'm still working on it. But even. I.

I haven't seen enough. I haven't seen enough samples to know if there are any traits that really determine character because you can have someone who is very dominant very assertive who is a social justice. Warrior or someone who is a mafia. Hitman it's the same traits.

But the character of the person is extremely different and that's that's the thing. I that. I've. I'm still looking for anything any indicators of that.

But. I haven't seen any yet. So personality temperament um behavioral patterns those we can see those we can see. But a person how trustworthy a person is how um you know what direction their their values lie we can't we can't really see that if that makes any kind of sense alen's asking water versus.

Metal forehead well uh let's go through the five elements and. Then. I'll put them side by side. So you can see them because.

I don't want to mess up my presentation. But the watery the water forehead is actually. I see a lot more um in water people just going from from from seminar to seminar. I see a much rounder head in most water people than the one that's shown here.

U this one has a lot more a little bit more metal in in it um and you'll see that when we get to the metal. P picture. Then. I'm.

I'm used to seeing in many water faces. But very strong water features good good ears good eyes. Uh round nice rounding foreheads right. Uh these are these are what we call water features right.

And. So what. I'm doing is. I'm giving you the big picture.

I'm giving you the five elements. I'm giving you um what these physiognomies are and. Then. I'll go back and.

I'll show you like the the wood areas on the face the the w areas on the face things of that nature okay. Like. I said we'll cover these much more in depth and much more linearly uh in the uh in the. April training.

So let me go back to all right. Hold on okay. My zoom is acting up in weird ways which we kind of knew that would happen. But hey oh there it is uh no.

That's not it either okay. This is bear with me here folks there we go share screen all right. So this is our this is our our our water phas and once again let's just go through this okay. We covered that all right.

So let's go to fire our our wood let's look. At wood now the wood face is a little different now what's interesting about wood features is that uh it comes it actually comes in two varieties wood people can be very very tall or they can be very short. So think of tall like a redwood tree or a pine tree or short like a bush. So.

Terry is saying. So faces are not one of five types. But can be a combination of traits and unequal proportions 100%. Terry in fact that is in fact the the norm rather than than the exception the pro when you start looking at somebody and you're trying to call them a water face or a wood face or a metal face what you're looking at is the predominance of the traits and how prominent those traits are.

So if somebody has a super round head round forehead deep set eyes. Uh strong chin those are all a very long ears those are all water features and you can see that this person has deep set eyes. The roundness of the head the length of the ears and the strength of the chin right. These are all very strong very prominent water features and because those predominate we would say that they're a water face now does that mean they have no.

Metal on their face of course it doesn't does it mean they have no. Fire on their face of course it doesn't these are just the things things that do they have no. Earth on their face this person has amazingly earthy lips they have very earthy cheekbone or cheeks right. But that's not what you notice.

First right. And. So we would say this person has a strong. Water.

Element. Affinity right. But it doesn't mean that they're that's all they are okay. The wood element what's interesting about wood element people uh is that they they almost always have an m-shaped hairline now lilan never taught me that.

But every time. I look. At real strong wood people. I see an an an almost m-shape even when they're losing their hair they have an almost m shape or or widows peak in their hairline right.

So don't don't quote me on that that's just something. I'm starting to observe more and more maybe. I'm because. I'm sensitized to it.

But. Woody people. Woody people are like the the natural. Warriors of uh of the five elements they're the they're the achievement oriented uh go-getters these people love to compete they love to go for things um these people don't like to sit still and like.

I said before they come in two very interesting physiognomic differences um some are very long and. Tall limb they tend to be very tendon very ropey tendons uh they tend to have a greenish undertone to their skin. So even people who are more. Olive skinned will be a little bit more on the.

Woody side um or they can be very very bushy like you know a short stocky uh person with really really curly or wavy nappy hair. U these are all strong wood features right. Liver people are doers they they love to be in nature they love moving uh they tend to like meditation. But they like moving meditation more than sitting meditation they're all about right.

Action taking taking things on head on and just getting things done they're extremely focused people okay. As an employee a wood element person can be very driven they can be focused like they like action intense they're determined um as. Executives um they expect people to work like they do and to get things done on time they do not mind having employees doing things over in fact they will make you do that [ __ ] over. So let me talk a little bit about the wood features of the face and.

Then we'll talk a little bit about uh a little bit more the. Dynamics of a wood personality. So wood features can be seen in the brow bone in the eyebrow in the jaw okay. Sometimes in in the eyes.

But not not a lot okay. So when we look. At some of these primary wood features we're looking at the strength of the brow bone the eyebrow hairs s the seat of the stamp which is right. Here the center of the eye um the jaw.

I think that's that's the majority of the wood areas now somebody who has a really strong almost like a. Franken brow you got you know you've ever seen. Freda. Kella or you know uh.

Frankenstein you have this really super strong brow these are people who have extra bone in and around this area which means they have more physical energy they tend to be natural very gifted athletes um they don't do well uh as part of a team many times unless they're the ones in charge of it would people like to be in charge uh and they have a ve they tend to have a very strong work work ethic um the interesting thing about wood people is dep and especially if they have this very big eyebrow area. W people many times will work hard harder for free than they will when they're getting paid now let me explain that um people with a real strong forehead they love to be the hero they like to be the night and shining armor who rides in and saves the day and. So if if you uh if you ever need someone to carry your bags up to your room just pull the damsel or or good and distress look. And these people will generally just be happy to bail you out right.

So one of the things about the wood element is it's all achievement oriented these people are the go-getters they they they they don't like to sit still they don't like to be slowed down um and they are often better suited for either being in charge of the team or working in a self-directed capacity with minimal supervision. U depending on the spacing between their eyebrows that that that drive to thrive and succeed and go forward can work very very well in in an organization environment or it can actually uh short circuit and and cause chaos in it. But wood people are are the doers they will come in it you know if if your your regular business hours are 900 pm to 6:. PM right.

These people will be in at 5: they'll leave at 12 and they'll want you to know that they were there from 5. P from 5:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and wonder why you weren't there from 5:00. A.M to 12:00 p.m. that they the thing about they have some similarities to. Wood to to metal people we'll talk about them in just a moment.

But like wood people want everyone around them to work like they do. But they want everybody to know how hard they're working. So they have the ego walls they have all their their trophies all their certificates uh where they can be sh where they can be seen right. They're proud of their gold medals and all that stuff right.

Um. But usually very very the very very achievement oriented the metal person we'll talk more about this when we get to um the metal the metal person will work just as hard just as long as the wood person. But no. One will ever know they were there because they'll come in they'll go to where their office wherever their.

Works. Space is and they'll work until they leave and they no. One will ever know because they want to get things finished they want things done exactly the right. Way uh and one of the big contrasts.

I make um between wood people and metal people is that would people get things done both both elements are very focused. But they're they're different in how they go about it um wood element people are like um. I don't know if you can. I'm gonna change my angle.

I don't know if you can see the table. I'm working on hold on a. Second let going to make this big bigger okay. So you can you can see all the stuff on my table right.

So a wood if you tell a wood person to uh clean up the. T or organize the table they'll go okay. Right. And they'll they'll put this off to the side and they'll they'll look.

And they'll say. Okay. Organized a metal person a metal person you tell them to to organize the table and it'll be and if you're getting impatient you know what it's like to be working with a metal person oops. I got to do it all over again right.

Get the idea metal people don't get things done metal people get things finished hold on a. Second make sure. I'm sitting does that make sense. So a lot of metal people are all about orderliness they're all about aesthetic this is the other thing about about.

Metal people versus wood people um metal people are very very sensitive extremely sensitive into their environment and this is actually where. I think maybe. I. I hate to hesitate.

I hesitate to say this where. I think lilan might have got some things a little maybe. I got them wrong. But um.

But metal people tend to be extremely sensitive to energetics to the spirituality and they're in tune with with beauty and. So uh metal people need a beautiful pretty orderly environment right. And they feel physic they tend to sometimes feel physical discomfort when the environment is not well organized and orderly whereas would people good enough is good enough right. And if there's something wrong they're going to yell and scream and piss and moan about it and.

Then they're going to fix it and it'll be good enough and they'll move on okay. Um. So you understand the distinction both are very very driven they're very very achievement oriented. But the the metal person takes it one one step further from finished to refined to complete right.

A log cabin versus a royal dinner party okay. That's an interesting. J position. But okay.

So uh. Melody is. Raising her hand go ahead and just type your questions and and. I will do my best to could.

I show the traits of wood again uh you mean on the on the. PowerPoint hold on a. Second okay. So.

Woody people will tend to have a um their features are a lot more rugged a lot rougher they kind of look. Like wood that's what's interesting they kind of have a woody kind of a you know even though this this person is not ugly by any stretch of the imagination. But can you see how um very knurled the skin kind and the and the and the structures kind of look. There's a there's a bit of a a swarthiness and a a roughness to the to the features right.

And what you'll see when we get to the wood the the the metal face how different that is right. Fire people fire people drive uh metal and wood people absolutely nuts absolutely nuts um and the primary reason is is that fire people are very dopaminergic what do. I mean by that they're always in motion. But their motion a lot of times from a woody perspect now.

Woody people are are are motion oriented too. But compared to a fire person um uh a. Woods a wood person's movement their. Direction their focus is very is very very uh clear it's very defined it's it's not random whereas fire people to somebody like a metal person or a wood person can seem almost just chaos incarnate you know uh the way the way.

Lillian would explain it to me um these people are by the way they they're not stupid they are deeply creative they're always in motion um one of the things. Lilian would tell me was that you could always tell a fire person's home when you walked in because you could follow the line of clothes from the doorway to the bedroom because as they're walking in they're taking off everything and just throwing it to the wind um they don't like to have they don't like clothes they they like to to wear minimal. St it's interesting. But their feet they tend to be a little bit smaller in stature uh they have to have they tend.

I think of them like little fire elves because their their features are very very pointy right. And. So when you look. At this um this picture you can see they have a a very.

Diamond like like face you see how see the diamond shape right. This is a point this is kind of a pointy thing right. Their features are very small. But very pointy and that's one of the things when we look.

At the face the fire element resides in the points and the tips. So when we look. At fire elements we're looking at the inner canthus the outer canthus the tip of the nose the tips of the mouth all of these will tell us the strength of the fire element um. But these people are very very they tend to to be very creative.

First and foremost um. But they they love new things. So if you're if these people they they never want to go to this they tend to never want to go to the same place twice and if they do like for a restaurant or something they'll order something different every time um. So they're very they tend to be smaller they have narrower shoulders.

Slimmer hips uh active hands uh their skin colors tend to be reddish and pinkish especially in the throat area they're prone to freckles um um. But they're they're a bit smaller in stature um they like to play that's the one thing that you can say about about fire people in general is they're just they just love to play everything is about fun. So in in uh on a more personality profiling these people are more dope and energic it's think the other term is color color energic we'll just leave it with d energic they tend to be um live for the day uh jump out of airplanes do all kinds of crazy stuff um and they don't they don't tend to hold on to emotions very long um. But because they're.

So fiery because their their emotions are. So they happen and they they come and go. So quick they and they show a lot of emotion on their face one of the things that tends to happen with very fiery people is they tend to acquire a lot of wrinkles faster uh that was something. Lilian shot taught me was that because of the the the amount of emotions they're processing and going through and and how the speed at which they live life they tend to they tend to wrinkle up a bit more okay.

But you could power a. City off of them they're just they're just always going okay. There may be some correlation. But um not enough to be useful in my world.

Sue. So um fire element these people at work are consumate multitaskers right. These people will have three people on two different you know two people on two different phone lines working on a c on their computer um holding a baby in their arms while nursing them all at the same time. But um they to the average outside they look.

Super chaotic right. So these people are not going to do well in very slow paced methodical um. Pro spec process driven ways of doing things these people are going to do well in something like a call center or high-paced customer service um place they might even be good salespeople if 's a lot of cold calling or a lot of um interactiveness going on okay. As an executive um these people need to support their innovative ideas and finish need need people to support their innovative ideas and finish things for them they love the creative process.

But they hate the management part. So as you can probably guess these people are often great as part of a think tank they're part of a part of a brainstorming process you might think on the surface that they'd make great entrepreneurs right. And and some of them might like certainly a guy like. Russell.

Brunson has a lot of fire traits. But he also has a lot of wood to him right. Um. So the problem with people who are really really fiery is they're not detail oriented they'll they'll they'll start a project and they somebody else to finish it or somebody else to manage it.

So you may wind up if you have somebody who's a fire person and they're leading the charge or they're they're running the you may wind up picking up a lot of slack or getting a lot of stuff delegated to you because the fire person just doesn't want to be bothered once they've come up with the idea okay. So again as our brain exercise if we had a if we were hiring for a librarian position what element what what. Elemental archetype would we want type it in the chat what what. Elemental type would we want water metal anybody else metal anybody else come on guys guys.

I know there's more of you out there uh. KW okay. You're right. In in my opinion met metallic people are great um they're great.

Auditors they're great quality control people they're um they're if there's a process or a set of rules and boundaries that need to be strictly maintained if things need to be not just done. But aesthetically refined and finished someone with strong metal qualities is going to be your best uh your best choice. But let's let this change the context a little bit let's say for example that you are a strong strong metal person you have a lot of metallic traits what's going to be the best match for you of the of the of the energies we've talked about. So far who's likely to be the best match water okay.

Anybody else. Lacy says water. Rob says wood wood okay. Okay.

So just. So. I know some of you said. I'm curious why would.

I'm not saying you're right. I'm not saying you're wrong. But why would what's your rationale for that. Liam you're not wrong right.

And. I and. I'll. I'll.

I'll. I'll show you how to kind of balance these um these equations once. I once. I get some feedback from people they would be a good support system absolutely a water person remember that water is the mother of or metal is the the mother of water um.

So a metal provider could give a allow somebody to be more nurturing what we have found on a matchmaking level what we found on the matchmaking level is that the more traits a person has in common the more compatible they tend to be. So the ironically the best the best type based on that particular uh based on that particular approach would be a metal person for metal person the other way we can look. At it is complementary. So in other words if.

I've got someone who's very metallic who's very very rigid and and set in what they want are there is there any kind of a complementary energy or emotion that would buffer that right. And actually the the the water element would be a really good way of of doing that right. Um wood and and metal people they could get along except where the details come up. I know.

I can tell you this because. I'm. I. I am in a relationship that's a metal wood relationship and a lot of times we line up.

But a lot of times we don't and we just butt heads on how like. I'll think something's done and she says no. You still haven't done this this this is this right. So the thing you have to look.

At is how tolerant of a metal person's detail orientedness will that person be and. So fiery people would drive a metal person crazy because fire melts metal right. Depending on the strength of the element in the person. But someone who's very fiery would just run a a metal person ragged or vice versa right.

Somebody who's very. Woody could tolerate fiery people for a certain length of time. But the erratic of you know if if this is the scope of everything a fire person's into or interested in and a and a metal a wood person's here. Then within this level they can get along.

But it's they're going to be exhausted once you get outside the wood person's parameters. So wood people are much more focused and directed in their energy uh fiery people are just all over the place right. Their energy is right. Left up down backwards forwards it's.

So it's it's much much broader than um than what a fire a wood person's uh energetics would would indicate or or be tolerable. So um does that make sense right. So let's look. At the.

Last one on the. Last two on the list really um which is. Earth. Earth is fun.

Earth. People. Are. Awesome mind that song.

Earth. Girls. Are. Easy or that movie.

Earth. Girls. Are. Easy.

Earth people are like the nurturers of the world you would think a water person is like the most nurturing they're not actually um water people can be extremely nurturing. But it's the. Earth people that are always trying to feed you uh and as you can see. Earth people tend to be very fleshy they're also very muscular okay.

Uh the muscular system is related to the the. Earth element. So these people will tend to be very very strong okay. And um this the the organs related to the.

Earth element are the stomach and the pancreas uh and these people are all about nurturing self-care connection create. Comfort um. Earth people tend towards being plump. But there's a difference they have large muscles uh the most of the weight tends to center around the abdomen they tend to have large feet and usually have pretty good skin now one of the things especially if you do a lot of trauma work that you'll see with people who are overweight is what we call false.

Earth and false. Earth is that cottage cheesy looking flabby hanging off of uh kind of skin we call this false. Earth because what that is is actually body armor it's people who natural physiognomy is not plumpness that's they they've just piled on the weight and it's not healthy for them and. So we call that false.

Earth. So the cottage cheese the cellul that kind of stuff that's what we call that false. Earth people who are naturally plump who have a healthy peaches and cream glow to their skin there's a there's usually a really really healthy muscle tone and a color emanating from beneath the uh the skin they kind of have a glow and lilan would say that. Earth people often times they smell like cookies or or fresh bread um and these people are are the the nurt of the world now contrast these people um.

Earth people are collectors right. Um and they're not like an earth person would actually drive a metal person a little crazy and. I'll explain that to you um you go to an earth person's house right. And you will see piles of stuff everywhere now.

I know you're thinking hoarder and that's an pathogenic extreme of an imbalance in the. Earth element. But what you'll see in an earth person's house is collections of stuff everywhere collections they love to accumulate things right. And every and you could always tell an earth person's chair because when they sit in that chair everything they could possibly want want or need is within.

Arms. Reach and it's a big deal when an earth person lets you sit in their chair right. So. Ed says that's me yes.

Right. So. Earth people do not go here's the thing about. Earth people this is what.

I was taught. So take this in the spirit which it's intended. Earth people don't go to work to go to work they're not like metal people they're not like um uh wood people who go because that's what we do right. Work baby work that's that's that's a very different reason for going right.

That's achievement if you go and you visit like an earth person's office or their cubicle at work and you look. At their desk what you're going to see are pictures and memorabilia related to their family. Earth people are the nurturers of the world they don't go to work for a plaque they don't go to work for a title the reason they go to work is sitting on their desk. So these people will be as steady and consistent as you can imagine.

But they're not going to be there because that's the that's just what because because for the for the glory of the company they're there because of of the the the the the the nurturing and the sustenance that that paycheck and that job allows them to do for the people they love does that make. So it's. Earth people are going to feed you they're gonna hug you they're gonna they're very nurturing very solid people they don't do change very well many times the more earthier person is the more traditional they tend to be the more conservative they tend to be you're they conservative people will tend to be more watery or more fiery again there there's no. One's one element right.

You have a balance of elements how do you know your element well. Lillian would have this little. Five. Element quiz that she would give people okay.

There if you can probably go find apps that will give you a whole bunch of questions and tell you what your element is right. So let's go through some of the charact the characteristics. I've prepared for you and uh and. Then we'll keep going is this helpful is this useful okay.

Um. So again uh. So people who are very earthy or have. Earth issues will tend to uh the spleen the stomach and the pancreas are the primary elements related to the.

Earth element and it's all about nurturing self-care connection creation. Richard says it sounds like the. Greek templet yes. In fact um.

I in one of my other classes. Richard. I actually have a chart that shows you how the the. Chinese.

Five. Element system relates to the. Greek four elements and they're more alike than they aren't the only place that there's a little bit of of finagling is between wood and um wooden. Earth or wooden metal okay.

Um like. I said this is this is a tip of a very large. Iceberg this is just really broad strokes. But.

I wanted to kind of give you guys an idea of what. I had to sort through and and and to give you the things that. I give you in the other trainings. So.

Earth people this one they are consistent they are reliable they they are team players they are super super. Cooperative. So if you're going to build a team one that's willing to be led to be guided that you can count on make sure these people have lots of. Earth.

But as you can probably see they may not be the most. Innovative right. And. So you have to find that balance right.

Uh. Earth. Executives tend to be kind they care for their employees they tend to inspire loyalty. I would say that.

Earth. Earth bosses tend to inspire more loyalty than any other uh executive. I've seen although sometimes that their their their kindness can be taken advantage of um they want people to stay longterm right. They're they're all about relationships right.

They they don't want things to be like. Fly by. Night quick and dirty they want things done right. They want people to feel good about things they want people to um to feel like they're part of something right.

There the. Earth element is all about consolidation in connection. So they're and and. So they're the ones that are most likely toh give people personal time off right.

And. Then. Finally we've talked a lot you know we've compared a lot of these charts to the metal element and this is a classic metal face now one of the things you can tell about. Metal faces look.

How refined the features are the nose is very aqualon right. The cheeks are very uh very defined. But even more importantly look. How much space is between the features the metal element is all about boundaries it's all about space and.

So when you look. At a metal face you will see lots of of um the features are further apart than on someone like a wood person or an earth person or a metal person and it will be it will have a very refined very elegant uh appearance to it the funny thing about about. Metal people is even when they're wearing sweats they look. Well dressed they look.

Like they're well put together because they're all about. Aesthetics uh they they feel uh uh aesthetic environments very very physically and. So they don't they don't necessarily fix things up or or or tidy things up because they're knee freaks they tidy things up because the lack of order in the environment makes them feel bad it gives them an eeky yucky feeling and. So they feel the need to actually straighten things up and clean up right.

Um. So let's look. At some of these traits. So metal people they tend to be small bone very pale skin okay.

I've never seen a swarthy looking metal person um even my my te. Kevin. Sor who's a a high combination of metal and wood very pale skinn very pale skinn uh they their features tend to be extremely symmetrical this is another aspect of the wood element is that the the features tend to be remarkably um refined and symmetrical right. The hair tends to be very fine the shoulders will be broad uh and what this was supposed to be was they they will tend to have broad shoulders and narrow uh waists right.

Um. So they have a much more of a v-shaped to them. But there's a little bit more. Ang they're not quite as v-shaped or as angular as a metal person.

But they're they're they'll be they'll be um more refined in their look. Okay. Um a person is. H these people are have high aspirations they tend to be more calm they're all about creating order.

Beauty boundaries if there was one if there was one word that. I would. I would assign to the metallic element it's boundaries they're big on boundaries now. W people are big on boundaries too.

But um they're they're a little bit they're not nearly in many cases as rigid on boundaries as metal people are okay. So metal. Executives uh or metal metal employees especially are can tend to be very very particular uh they tend towards the per perfectionistic side they are self-starters just like the wood element right. They tend to be very independent and they're very efficient in how they do things now sometimes what they think of as efficient we would drive a wood person crazy because to them uh getting something finished is more important than getting it done.

So good enough is never good enough for most metal people okay. Uh. Melissa just a question maybe this comes from people who they don't know who they are. But.

I am into health. So this is nothing we should do. So this is nothing we should do to change a person just accept them absolutely absolutely um one of the. First things.

I one of the most important lessons that. I learned from. Lillian was that every person is beautiful every person's. Spirit.

First of all the face you see is not who they are uh who they are is a soul and every face is beautiful because it was created by. God it was created by nature and. So lilan was one of the most accepting loving and um benevolent forces. I've ever met and when when she would read somebody she would always always always find a way to bring up some of the most painful things in a in a in a loving way in fact when she uh when she would do a face reading and she knew she had to tell somebody something that was less than positive which by the way is most.

Chinese original. Chinese face reading excused very negative um she would she would find ways to to tell people things that didn't make them feel like were a failure because they had a particular trait uh. So she was one of the most loving forgiving um and and open people. I'd ever met now.

I'm a change worker right. I'm a. I'm an influenced teacher and. So my.

Approach is. I still have that when. I look. At somebody's face.

I'm not unless. I'm paid to change them or to help them change by their um by their definitions and by their desires. I don't try to change them. But.

I will manage their influence in my environment and and my outcomes. So. I let. I give people the freedom to be whoever they're going to be.

But. I know more of who they are from their face and the patterns that come from that than their best friends know many times um and depending on the context in which you're doing face reading you don't need necessarily need to change anybody either right. Your job is to read what's in front of you and. Then decide what you want to do about it in terms of how you you know the level of access you want to give this person to your life the amount of trust or uh job responsibilities you want to give them those kinds of things right.

So what's the question here um why asking. Health we should wear sunblock to prevent skin cancer. So someone want to sell. Health it's not their fault people don't know who they.

I don't okay. The questions are getting a little bit chaotic. So. I'm not sure exactly what that means.

But what we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and remind you that the clock is running on tonight's webinar. So for those of you who are um want to learn more about the uh the. Practical aspects of face reading versus um the uh the more energetic. Chinese systems.

I was taught uh let me just put this up here for you really quick because apparently my. PowerPoint got closed and. I need to find it again uh. I'm just.

I'm not even going to bother um um let's not do that and for some reason these these these um. So for those of you who are interested in learning more about the face reading and stuff like that um and by the way the the information that. I was reading for you. A lot of it can be found in.

Lillian's book. Um. But a lot of it is found in her business face. Toof face which is training for people who are going to use face reading in business.

So once again for those of you who are on the fence you've got the defense against uh the face reading for fun and profits home study course it's a $1,997 value you're going to get the defense against the starcarts home study course valued at $1,997. Value we're going to give you that to your free you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course. Val at $1,497.

Value absolutely free you're going to get people reading for fund and profit home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and the 10 and the 13-year video archive valued at $1,997. Value you're going to get face reading for fun and.

Prof profit level two home study course by at $1,997 once again we're going to give it to you free and you're going to get that. VIP super ticket to the five. El face reading for. Fun and.

Profit uh home our three-day uh home study uh live training. April 26 to the 28th uh. San. Diego and of course uh.

April 12 13th and 14th you'll be get that. VIP ticket to the uh live virtual healing intensive it's a $1,497 value total package is $1 15,629 you can get it all for one low installment of just $99.97 or if you need to you can break that up into three installments of 3.97 each just click this link www.lpower.com slf and we'll get you going uh you can reach out to. Moss or. Mia either at email or by uh by phone and we'll go ahead and do our best to get you guys set up in the most effective way possible.

So zers is asking what's the identity to have in face reading okay. So um. Zan. I don't know.

I don't know. I don't. D that question. So by if you can please elaborate on it.

I'm happy to um do that for you all right. So um where's my oops. I got to do this again. I'm playing dueling.

Windows here okay. All right. So. So that we've covered um we've covered water we've covered fire.

Uh. Wood we've covered fire earth and of course metal can you show the face and descriptions all again please uh yes. I don't know if you're going to be able to get a big enough screenshot to cover all of it. But.

I'll see what. I can do here go ahead and move that one or move this there you go. So you have water wood fire earth and metal now there's a whole lot more to each of these traits uh and. I'm going to be covering those uh.

April 26th 27th and 28th uh there's certain body parts certain types of diseases that certain. P categories are prone to um. But. I thought you know how can.

I give you guys a good a good introduction to. Chinese five elements uh and how these different personality patterns relate to each other and still keep it somewhat practical. So. I went to uh to.

Lillian's information on business and uh relationship matchmaking and. I pulled some basic information out. So you could see how the five elements relate to each other um. I have found many many correlations between the.

Chinese. Five. Element system and the. Greek system as was mentioned earlier um there's also a huge huge correlation between the temperament uh in the.

Fisher temperament sorder uh which are based on hormonal. Pathways. So like. I said.

I've done a lot of background research into this it's not like phenology where you're going to feel the bumps on a person's head or anything like that um. I have tested the vast majority of everything. I'm teaching you in fact. I only teach things.

I've tested um and this stuff has borne itself out not just from me. But literally the hundreds of people. I've trained to be face readers and your faces will change right. In front of you when you start learning to unpack and attack these things.

So what. I meant about sunblock and. American things are sold to people as an opportunity. But it's the responsibility of a person that wants to sell something to someone it's responsibly a person who is earthy to know who they are well.

I think it's it's ultimately. I think to your question. I think it's all of our responsibility to know who we are. But here's the thing about that most of us have no.

Clue who we are right. Even even the if you look. At the the spiritual implications of the the traditional. Chinese.

Five. Element system and there is a a deep deep deep well of spirituality uh involved here um is that you are not your face your face changes as your life changes your face changes as your emotional. Constitution changes your face changes as your value vales change that's what's fascinating about the face reading is your face is not static and if you get. Lillian's book.

Which. I highly recommend you do there's a section right. In the front of her book. Right.

And shows people who got their pictures of them as newly wets and. Then pictures them 30 40 50 years. Later and they look. Almost like brother and sister as opposed to two people who just got married and it's because of this constant vibrational interplay between life our.

Spirits our emotional makeup our values and the resonance that's created if you start learning how to do this and you start unpacking people's features you start like somebody has a a big wrinkle right. Here it's a lost love line and you guide them through this process of resolution and they get that back that line will fade right. In front of you or within a day or two that line will start to go away you'll see scars start to fade they won't always go away 100%. But you'll see them start to change you'll literally see people's features get bigger smaller more uh robust what.

Lillian would do is she would have us take before and after pictures uh on day five of the training like we would have a picture something she' just bring random people in off the street she we'd take a picture we'd go do the face reading we'd take another picture same lighting same wall the only difference is you couldn't get them to stop smiling after the reading and and after everybody would leave she'd put them up on the screen side by side and they were different faces it's it's ins it was crazy and it. I was one of the. First things. I called [ __ ] on.

But when. I watched it happen in a hypnotherapy session. I was like holy [ __ ] this is real. I mean it it happened when.

I was just doing regular face readings. But the the one time. I remember. I was doing it on a zoom call.

I probably have the video somewhere. I can't show up because of. HIPPA. But the lady had a completely flat brow bone and.

I and. I and. I had almost no. Awareness of her eyebrow brows 60 minutes into the session she has a.

Franken brow and. I'm like where did that come from it just popped out right. So you know. But going back to this whole identity thing every human being on the planet is here to self-actualize in in in.

Dallas uh spirituality and practices uh we have this thing called we have this concept called. Ming uh or golden path or destiny uh you might think of it as the spiritual. Mission you came here to fulf fil and. So one of the things in face reading that we're trying to do as face readers is we're trying to get back to our original face now our original face is uh a term a code word for our soul the pure being of light that we are before we take on a body and this the the.

Chinese face reading says that you are never closer to your original face than when you're born and they say that by the time you hit age 50 you've got the face you deserve right. Right. And. So the idea is you can look.

At a person in our golden path workshops we will actually look. At pictures of you through your entire life we will inventory every job you've ever had everything you've ever loved to do or felt passionate about and we'll use that to create a life path for you that is the most likely trajectory for your life to go that lead you to the greatest sense of fulfillment it's not about a job it's about finding your golden path it's about. Rec covering the spiritual. Mission you had um as a being of light.

So that as you take on the right. Jobs and the right. Activities you become more of. Who.

You. Were. Meant. To.

Be you bring more light into your body you bring more light into the world and everything gets better and what happens is when you get on that golden path you start to look. Younger you start to recover from very very significant health problems everything gets better because you're on track you're on you're doing what you came here to do right. And that's a lot of what we we try to do at whatever level of face reading that we're working with right. But you as a face reader your job your identity or who you are to that person changes as context changes if somebody's just coming to you for a face reading you're you're a diagnostician you're you're a guide telling you these are the things that your fa is showing me this is what this often means what do you want to do about it and you leave that decision up to them and you recommend people that can help them facilitate that path if you're someone who's like an all-in-one like.

I'm a. I'm a. I have multiple healing modalities under my belt. I have tons of influence training right.

And. I'm a face reader the person. I the identity. I step into changes as the context changes what is the outcome of the of the interaction that.

I'm with. But. I'm also on the same path as all my students and my clients are. I'm working towards becoming a better version of.

David which is why you'll keep you can keep coming back because. I'll never be done. I'll always have something cool to share because. I'm still looking.

I'm still evolving and you're all on that path you want to. I'll give you guys a real quick take your finger and touch the tip of your nose and just rub it a little bit and if you feel a little indentation you have what lilan would call a human. Angel marking and you are people who are compelled by something inside of you to want to help other people to relieve as much suffering as humanly possible right. And that's why you found your way here for whatever reason right.

So if you want to continue on that. Journey. I'm here to help all you got to do is click that link um. I'm it's uh going on 6:25 and.

I need to. I need to to close it down. But um if for those of you who want to continue this journey we have a whole lot more behind the face reading than we have time to share and uh. I sincerely hope you guys had a good time with it.

I hope you will continue to uh practice and share and go out into the world and make everybody's lives better um one. Last time uh. Last call as they say in uh in uh that's not what. I want in the movies uh once again for those of you who want to do this um this is the defense this is the secrets of personal face reading home study course it's going to come with defense against the dark arts uh the identity by.

Design home study course the people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course um the. N power.

Mastermind mentoring program face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two the. VIP super ticket uh.

Five. Element face reading for fund and profit. April 26 to 28th and of course uh the 3-day virtual healing intensive. April 12th 13th and 14th online only total package is $5,695 n days you think.

I'm full of it just pick up the phone and uh we'll give give you a full reof pund otherwise grab your links grab your courses come to the trainings and let's make the world a better place starting with you okay. You guys are amazing. I love you all uh if you need help with that we can break that into three easy installments of just 397 be sure to watch for the replay type your questions in the comment section below the replay. I love you all.

I will see you on the other side good night and. God bless take care e e e e e e e.
