Title: dxwiTj9r3As.txt
Video Id: dxwiTj9r3As
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxwiTj9r3As

Dealer workshop is to make things easy to give you a framework that once you understand the parameters the outliers the extremes. So to speak that you can look. At any interaction between one or more human beings and extrapolate exactly what's probably going on does that make sense all right. Mom.

I'm not going to teach you every little nook. And cranny every little microexpression. First of all if you try if you're coming in here looking for information on micro-expressions know foremost the average human being micro-expressions how many people know talent. I'm me when.

I say a microexpression okay. If you haven't you should read up all of. Paul. Ekman's work a lot of his material that.

I'm working from that pull from his work. I'm a very big fan of his microexpression by and large are far too subtle for the average untrained person to catch consciously. But there are much larger behavioral processes that if we look. We can look.

And you know you have the perfect laboratory right. Now to apply what we learned in our. Last training which is the speed attraction three magic questions process right. Matter of fact.

I have guys in here who would tell me. Last night when they were walking the strip do and walk up at. Knossos and all these other things they were using three magic questions protocol and they had mobs of people following them up and down the street right. Because the three magic questions protocol will generate that kind of comfort very very quickly comfort and discomfort are two of the big things that we need to look.

At when we start to work with body language okay. You know you have three brains right. And it's not the one you're thinking of men although it's connected right. They put my little schedule up here.

I always every time people see this they go what is that that's for me to know you don't. I know right. I guess it's officially start time right. Okay.

Welcome to. Bob people reading for fun and profit aka body language secrets my name is. David. Schneider and today we're going to do a deep dive into the wonderful world of nonverbal influence my intention is again wants to show you a framework with which you can organize everything you see and understand about body language and other types of non linguistic phenomena.

So now that we would consider also nonverbal right. Finality aside from the actual physical body you're walking around in is the signal biggest hypnotic operator that you have okay. Your tonality will change everything the fastest way to change your tonality congruently that's a big word when we get into the lie detection segment on. Sunday you're going to hear that a lot because that is how you catch.

Liars you have to look. Almost exclusively for the incongruity the things that don't line up. So on one side. I'm teaching you how to be completely congruent no.

Matter what you're doing on the other side. I'm teaching you how to spot people who aren't okay. Everything that you 'men being do every behavior they generate every belief that they have comes down to one thing and feelings feelings and nothing loves it seriously body feelings though all of our behaviors all of our beliefs are in realized in response to something we would want more of or feeling that we want a whole lot less of all of your clients who come in are there because of a feeling they don't like right. And there's a feeling they want more of all of our behaviors are geared this way at the reptilian level or the.

Paleo coordinate repay. Leo cortex level which is the oldest part of it runs the meat your. Paleo cortex thinks in primal drives right. As far as its concerned and if.

I laughs into jargon mapping. I'm trying to keep this. I'd like this the single biggest way to keep people with you is these smaller words right. Look.

At mine when you mention his name. But the reptile brain sorts for what its familiar okay. It's pleasure driven it's looking for friends now it's familiar it's good it's pleasurable it's good if it's friendly it's good we move towards those things this is true at every level of human neurology every level of human experience ok. Conversely of course if it's unfamiliar it's bad all right.

If it's painful. But sure in. San. Francisco or some weird fetish community it's that right.

If it's unfriendly it's bad human beings always pretty much without exception in spite of what. NLP training may have taught you human beings almost always move away from pain and towards pleasure the distinction is which do they do. First right. If you have.

I need to. I need two human beings for this come on up here you move and come on up to human being and it's great it's a man and a woman. So we have the perfect mating context you're not in the mating we could fix. I you know it's alright.

Then alright. So what. I'm going to share with you is again these are this is the world according to. David if what.

I say conflicts or does not resonate with something that you've accepted it's true tough know if it works use it right. I how many people have never been in a little workshop with me just write with your hands okay. Very cool let me just give you my disclaimer really really quick if politically incorrect metaphors colorful colorful language profanity or the word boobies offends you there's the door i'ma leave in just cutting through the. BS and to give you real-world practical things that you can learn right.

Now and go out and start using it right. And you'll be able to start using this today right. Now the moment you walk out of this room you'll be able to look. At any group of people and know who's the who's the prize who's the seeker who's the repor leader who's following poo and once you know how to do that you can control it you can influence it okay.

Massive massive skill to have all these also show you some body language tweaks things that you can do with your body that will automatically generate trust in other people. I'll also show you how to flirt oddly enough and. I won't give you my pedigree because they've only given me 50 minutes. So let's start by establishing let's start by establishing that the reptile brain which is controlling the meat suit it's my flying term.

I watch way too much. Supernatural right. Controls everything that these people do consciously and unconsciously alright. They do want a reference embodied cognition studies or object relations theory you'll find the analogues for what.

I'm talking about. But here's how it works what's your name sir. Rick. Rick's place it back to me here move over here a little bit.

Jill's back here okay. What you see here is the outliers of the rapport continuum we're talking about connection we're talking about rapport we're talking about away from these are two people who have absolutely no. Connection one another moving away that is the outlier for the rapport continuum follow me that's our parameter this is what we don't want things are starting to evolve bring. Rick up.

RIT nicely will bring up. Rick up nicely we'll take jewels up lovin together almost. PP hushing banging on it this is what we call the other end of the report spectrum where one plus one equals three right. Thank you back up a little bit don't get.

So intimate in my place damn it this is where all social interactions fall every form of interaction between one person and another or group within a group are going to follow it in that spectrum they're either going to be more oriented towards famous for more oriented towards away from or different everything you see can be extrapolated from those two extremes does that make sense now the two big outliers. Rick you back up just a little bit here again the two big outliers in this process our distance and orientation on the orient ventral line to ventral line there in. Maureen report when they orient away from their lesson report the common dating dynamic looks something like this if. Jules is sitting at the bar she's like this does this look.

Familiar now based on what we just learned based on what we've just learned who has more power why who's more invested in this relationship remember attention which is often equivalent to direction of focus is the currency of relationships the reptile brain even regardless of how erudite and logical you think you are is always running the show it just sublimates its primal drives with rationality and emotions okay. So in this dynamic if if. Rick is making an approach he has some she has something he wants. But it could just as easily be this which we almost never see well actually the men almost ever see 60% of all approaches are initiated by women didn't know that vision.

But you see women are much more cagey than we aren't men we're stupid. I think okay. Women are going right. Why because a woman's social radar a woman's socialization and her sensory acuity is far more finely tuned to subtle social and nonverbal dynamics when you get a woman a group of women together and one guy right.

Everyone knows in the group of the conversations over there gone godlike walking along right. This is also and again. I'm going to actually tell you what that need to sit in on a panel tomorrow that she's holding on some of the things going on here at the convention in terms of people being approached when there wasn't wanted and things like that something. I'm going to give my input on some of those things one of the gaps and female socialization by the way is the inability to extract themselves from an interaction that's going south without going from nice girl to mode there's no.

In-between all right. The guys were terrified of the approach not. So much with women what's that what's going on with women is word for it they're afraid this week my sex change is coming right. What they're afraid of guy is that they're you're not going to get the message when they relate when the process isn't going where you want it to go and they don't have those subtler areas between all the all the signals that a woman would recognize versus what a man would recognize because guys are we're completely different in terms of what we sort for all right.

A woman can literally go up to a man and go and a man would go wonder what she meant by that right. Women not. So much right. But the problem is is that both of you are projecting your internal map of the world on to the opposite gender and when they don't match you make them wrong you see the set of signs that women are sending out are obvious to women.

But not to men the signs that men send out our way obvious to women. But they're too blatant they're not subtle enough to not be threatening you follow me guys and beat it over the head we take it home we eat it complain not in that order right. Okay. Remember painful unfriendly bad reptile moves away right.

If what you're presenting doesn't fit the map of the person receiving that's the response that you get that is the unconscious response that you get does that make sense. So now in the relationship dynamic we've got. Jules is the prize. Ric is the seeker ideally if we have time go through the seven stages of mating if you want.

But it's every social dynamic you're going to work with whether it's a negotiation whether it's a mediation a client hypnotist interaction is going to fall in this paradigm how long how many likes one when we work with our clients are here right. A better angle to be is here because when we align we align we align somatically we align emotionally when we align emotionally we align cognitively if you ever watch some of the best people in the world like best guy. I can think of right. Now in terms of doing this is a guy named.

Apollo. Robbins he actually performs here in. Las. Vegas he's a pickpocket he's a professional he gets a bus station picks people's pockets great job.

But. Apollo did a show called brain games we talked about how people's attention can be easily diverted allowing you to move into their personal space. So if. I'm approaching.

Jules and. I look. Down and. I walk in.

I can walk right. Into her personal space and it's actually quite natural right. Because once we make eye contact she'll pop our attention will follow where. I go and.

I can slip in. I don't come in. I don't come in directly like. I'm on an approach vector.

I look. Down. I slip around that point of contact and now. I'm in alright.

When you're approaching people on the street for your street hypnosis don't approach them straight on come at them from a side vector this is peripheral influence and as you do align yourself eventually with where they're going the neurology always seeks. Alliance it happens on every level of human experience understand okay. So this is what. I mean when.

I say this is the outlier if we understand it this is where all body language positioning comes in we can look. At a group dynamic and extrapolate based on what we know is true you don't need to know every single gesture and this is true for every human being on the planet you can be in. New. Guinea you can be in.

Africa you can be in. Italy you can be in. Alaska it won't matter right. Spatial social distances can change orientations don't orientations don't okay.

It's hardwired into life. So thank you. Rick. Thank.

You. Jules giving a big round of applause what you see in the continuum is that as people move towards connection they move towards pleasure they move towards pleasure now. I talked about ventral orientation that's the front the frontal line the more oriented towards each other there are the more connected they are the more trusting they are okay. It'll almost never start there though that make sense okay.

When you approach and again this carries into anything any kind of cold call any kind of cold walk up whether you're doing networking a lot you guys are in. BNI and all these other networking groups you do speaking you talk to do. So love you like to do the street. I've noticed to walk up.

So you start talking to people remember the approach vectors that you take in the orientation that you take on will change how people process you in their world your physiological proxemic position around their body will change their psychological positioning its embodied cognition neuroscience can't not happen if you want people to like you more if their right. Hand dominant stand on the right. Side they'll like you more okay. We start looking at interpreting body language everybody how anybody here not have a face raise your hand if you don't have a face okay.

Raise your hand if you have a face all right. Very cool here's the thing we need to understand we are we are hard-wired for facial recognition we're hardwired to look. People in the eyes. And study the face we'll cover this more in line.

Texan that is the. Last place we look. For information as to what's going on. So if the face which is the place we pay the most attention to is in fact the most least useful at this point what do you think would be the most useful.
