Title: HOW TO READ ANYONE INSTANTLY - BODY LANGUAGE SECRETS EXPOSED - CHARISMA ON COMMAND
File Name: dxwiTj9r3As.txt
Video Id: dxwiTj9r3As
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxwiTj9r3As

Uh. Workshop is to make things easy to give you a framework that once you understand the parameters the outliers the extremes. So to speak that you can look. At any interaction between one or more human beings and extrapolate exactly what's probably going on does that make sense right.

It's not. I'm not going to teach you every little nook. And cranny every little micro expression. First of all if you're try if you're coming in here looking for information on micro expression no.

For most the average human being micro. Expressions how many people know what the hell. I mean when. I say a micro expression okay.

If you haven't you should read all of. Paul ekman's work uh a lot of his material that. I'm. I'm working from.

I pull from his work. I'm a very big fan of his micro. Expressions by and large are far too subtle for the average untrained person to catch consciously. But there are much larger behavioral processes that if we look.

We can look. And and you you have the perfect laboratory right. Now to apply what we learned in our. Last training which is the speed attraction uh three magic questions process right.

Matter of fact. I have guys in here who were telling me. Last night when they were walking the strip doing walk up hypnosis and all these other things they were using three magic questions protocol and they had mobs of people following them up and down the street right. Because the three magic questions protocol will generate that kind of comfort very very quickly comfort and discomfort are two of the big things that we need to look.

At when we start to work with body language okay. Um you know you have three brains right. And it's not the one you're thinking of men although it's connected right. Let me put my little sigil up here.

I always every time people see this they go what is that. I say that's for me to know and you to find out right. Uh. I guess it's officially start time right.

Okay. Welcome to people reading for. Fun and. Profit.

AKA body language secrets my name is. David. Snider and today we're going to do a deep dive into the wonderful world of non-verbal influence um my intention is again once to to show you a framework with which you can organize everything you you see and understand about body language okay. And other types of non-linguistic phenomena tonality we would consider also non-verbal right.

Tonality aside from the actual physical body you're walking around in is the single biggest hypnotic operator that you have okay. Your tonality will change everything the fastest way to change your tonality congruently that's a big word when we get into the. LIE detection segment on. Sunday.

You're going to hear that a lot because that is how you catch. Liars you have to look. Almost exclusively for the incongruity the things that don't line up. So on one side.

I'm teaching you how to be completely congruent no. Matter what you're doing on the other side. I'm teaching you how to spot people who aren't okay. Everything that human beings do every.

Behavior they generate every belief that they have comes down to one thing feelings feelings nothing more seriously body feelings though all of our behaviors all of our beliefs are in in response to something we either want more of or a feeling that we want a whole lot less of all of your clients who come in are there because of a feeling they don't like right. And there's a feeling they want more of all of our behaviors are geared this way at. The. Reptilian level or the.

Paleo the. Paleo cortex level which is the oldest part of you it runs the meat your paleo cortex. SS in. Primal drives okay.

As far as it's concerned and if. I if. I la into jargon smack me. So.

I'm trying to this by the way the single biggest way to to keep people with you is to use smaller words right. Look. At never mind. I w't mentioned his name.

But your reptile brain sorts for what is familiar okay. It's pleasure driven and it's looking for friends now if it's familiar it's good if it's pleasurable it's good if it's friendly it's good we move towards those things this is true at every level of human neurology every level of. Human. Experience okay.

Conversely of course if it's unfamiliar it's bad right. If it's painful unless you're in. San. Francisco or somewhere in fetish.

Community it's bad right. If it's unfriendly is bad human beings always pretty much without exception in spite of what. NLP training may have taught you human beings almost always move away from. Pain and towards pleasure the distinction is which do they do.

First right. If you have. I need. I need two human beings for this come on up here human being come on up here human being and it's great it's a man and a woman.

So we have the perfect mating context. I'm not in. D you're not into mating we can fix that too oh it's all right. Then all right.

So what. I'm going to share with you uh is again these are this is the world according to. David if what. I say conflicts or it does not resonate with something that you've you've accepted is true tough um no.

If it works use it right. Uh how many people have never been in a a workshop with me just right. Raising your hands okay. Very cool let me just give you my disclaimer really really quick if.

Politically. Incorrect metaphors colorful colorful language profanity or the word boobies offend you there's the door right. Um. I'm.

I. I really believe in just cutting through the. BS and to give you real practical things that you can learn right. Now and go out and start using it right.

And you'll be able to start using this today right. Now the moment you walk out of this room you'll be able to look. At any group of people and know who's the who's the prize who's the. Seeker who's the.

Rapport leader who's following who and once you know how to do that you can control it you can influence it okay. Massive massive skill to have. I'll also show you some body language tweaks things that you can do with your body that will automatically generate trust in other people. I'll also show you how to flirt oddly enough.

I won't give you my pedigree because they've only given me 50 minutes. So let's start by establishing let's start by establishing that the reptile brain which is controlling the meats suit it's my sling term. I watch way too much. Supernatural right.

Controls everything that these people do consciously and unconsciously all right. They if you if you want to reference embodied cognition studies or um um object relations. Theory you'll find the analoges for what. I'm talking about.

But here's how it works what's your name sir. Rick. Rick back to me here move over here a little bit. Jules back here okay.

What you see here is the the outliers of the. Rapport. Continuum we're talking about connection we're talking about. Rapport we're talking about a way from these are two people who have absolutely no.

Connection to one another moving away that is the outline for the report continum follow me that's our parameter this is what we don't want things are starting to evolve let's bring. Rick up. Rick nicely we'll bring up. Rick up nicely we'll big.

Jules up loving together almost peepe touching there you go this is what we call the other end of the. Rapport. Spectrum where 1 + 1 equal three right. Thank you back up a little bit don't get.

So intimate in my place damn it this is where all social interactions fall every form of interaction between one person and another or group within a group are going to fall within that. Spectrum they're either going to be more oriented towards sess or more oriented towards away from or difference everything you see can be extrapolated from those two extremes does that make sense now the two big outliers. Rick can back up just a little bit here again the two big outliers in this process are distance and orientation when they. Orient ventral.

Line to vental. Line they're in more in. Rapport when they. Orient away from they're less in.

Rapport the common dating. Dynamic looks something like this if. Jules is sitting at the bar she's like this does this look. Familiar now based on what we just learned based on what we've just learned who has more power why who's more invested in this relationship remember attention which is often equivalent to direction of focus is the currency of relationships the reptile brain even regardless of how aidite and logical you think you are is always running the shell it just sublimates its.

Primal drives with rationals and emotions okay. So in this. Dynamic if if. Rick is making an approach he has some she has something he wants.

But it could just as easily be this which we almost never see well actually the men almost never see 60% of all approaches are initiated by women didn't know that did you. But you see women are much more. Cy than. We.

Are. Men we're stupid like okay. The women are going right. Why because a woman's social radar a woman's socialization and her sensory acuity is far more finely tuned to subtle social and non-verbal.

Dynamics when you get a woman a group of women together and and one guy right. Every woman knows in the group and the conversation's over and they're gone the guy's like. I'm alone right. This is also and again.

I'm going to actually uh. Kelly. Woods asked me to sit in on a uh a panel tomorrow that she's holding on some of the things going on here at the convention in terms of people being approached when it wasn't wanted and things like that. So.

I'm going to. I'm going to give my input on some of those things one of the gaps in female socialization by the way is the inability to extract themselves from an interaction that's going south without going from nice girl to mode there's no. In between all right. See guys we're terrified of the approach it's not.

So much with women what's what's going on with women is we're afraid they're afraid wait my sex change is coming in right. What they're afraid of guys is that they're you're not going to get the message when the. Rel when the the process isn't going where you want it to go and they don't have those subtler areas between all the all the signals that a woman would recognize versus what a man would recognize cuz guys are we're we're completely different in terms of what we sort for all right. A woman can literally go up to a man and go and a man would go wonder what she meant by that right.

Women not. So much right. But the problem is is that both of you are projecting your internal map of the world onto the opposite gender and when they don't match you make them wrong you see the the signs that women are sending out are obvious to women. But not to men the signs that men send out are way obvious to women.

But they're too blatant they're not subtle enough to not be threatening you follow me guys we beat it over the head we take it home and we eat it sometimes not in that order right. Remember painful unfriendly bad reptile moves away right. If what you're presenting doesn't fit the map of the person receiving that's the response that you get that is the unconscious response that you get does that make sense. So now in the relationship.

Dynamic we've got. Jules is the prize. Rick is the. Seeker ideally if we have time we can go through the seven stages of mating if you want.

But it it's it's every social. Dynamic you're going to work with whether it's a negotiation whether it's a mediation a client uh hypnotist interaction is going to fall in this. Paradigm how how many of us when we when we work with our clients are here right. A better angle to be is here because when we align we align if we align semantically we align emotionally when we align emotionally we align cognitively if you ever watch some of the best people in the world uh like best guy.

I can think of right. Now in terms of doing this is a guy named. Apollo. Robbins he actually performs here in.

Las. Vegas he's a pickpocket he's a professional he gets up on stage and picks people's pockets great job right. But. Apollo did did a show called brain games and he talked about how people's attention can be easily diverted allowing you to move into their personal space.

So if. I'm approaching. Jules and. I look.

Down and. I walk in. I can walk right. Into her personal space and it's it's it's actually quite natural right.

Because once we make eye contact. She'll follow her attention will follow where. I go and. I can slip in.

I don't come in. I don't come in directly. I. I.

I'm on an approach. Vector. I look. Down.

I slip around that point of contact and now. I'm in right. When you're approaching people on the street for your street hypnosis don't approach them straight on come at them from a side. Vector this is peripheral influence and as you do align yourself ventually with where they're going the neurology always seeks.

Alliance it happens on every level of. Human. Experience understand okay. So this is what.

I mean when. I say this is the outlier if we understand that this is where all body language positioning comes in we can look. At a group dynamic and extrapolate based on what we know is true you don't need to know every single gesture and this is true for every human being on the planet you can be in. New.

Guinea you can be in. Africa you can be in. Italy you can be in in uh. Alaska it won't matter right.

Spatial social distances can change orientation don't orientations don't okay. It's hardwired into us. So uh thank you. Rick thank you.

Jules give him a big round of [Applause] applause what you see in the. Continuum is that as people move towards connection they move towards pleasure they move towards pleasure now. I talked about vental orientation that's the front the frontal line the more oriented towards each other they are the more connected they are the more trusting they are okay. It'll almost never start there though does that make sense okay.

When you approach and again this this carries into anything any kind of cold call any kind of cold walk up whether you're doing uh uh networking a lot of you guys are in. BNA. BNI and all these other networking groups you do speaking uh you you talk to groups a lot of you like to do the street hypnosis the walk. UPS where you start talking to people remember the approach vectors that you take and the orientation that you take on will change how people will process you in their world your physiological proximate position around their body will change their psychological positioning it's embodied cognition.

Neuroscience can't not happen if you want people to like you more if the right. Hand dominant stand on their right. Side they'll like you more okay. When we start looking at interpreting body language everybody here anybody here not have a face raise your hands if you don't have a face raise your hands if you have a face all right.

Very cool here's the thing we need to understand we are we are hardwired for facial recognition we're hardwired to look. People in the eyes. And study the face we'll cover this more in lie detection that is the. Last place we look.

For information as to what's going on. So if the face which is the place is we pay the most attention to is in fact the most is the least useful at this point what do you think would be the most useful.
