Title: You&#39;re Invited!  Members Only Content for You!  Welcome to Dr. Davids Transformation  Super Highway
File Name: E2A1V_AY8LY.txt
Video Id: E2A1V_AY8LY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2A1V_AY8LY

Hey this is david snyder with nlp power and welcome to the information transformation super highway today i'd like to show you some very exciting things we've got coming up for you some very exciting um additions to our youtube channel things that are going to make your life. So much more powerful. So much more fulfilling throwing and satisfying and a way for you and i to kind of get to know each other better to interact more and to really kind of target and drill down on the things that are most important to you. So with your permission okay.

And as usual with many of these uh requests if this is the scope of everything that there is to talk about we have time for this. So with your permission i'm going to go through some things very very quickly if you see something that's interesting by all means click the link below and and get yourself involved in our programs as quickly as possible. So i'd like to share with you something that we're getting ready to release uh it has three amazing levels and i'd like you to just kind of listen to what i have to say and and make your best decision see what what where where these things fit for you and if they work for you jump in if not. Then by all means keep absorbing our content and getting the biggest bang for your buck at your current level.

So with that being said i'd like to introduce you some really new uh really cool ideas and these are called the uh david the dr david speed transformation super highway members only program and it's divided up into three levels everything from the 997 level all the way down to the 99 the 9.99 we're going to start with our. First level of level one uh information which is our gold membership and this value member of our speed transformation super highway you're going to gain instant access to some of the most powerful psychological tips tricks and tactics for getting everything you want or anyone you want for that matter uh is in the shortest amount of time possible starting today that level one gold membership includes instant access to over 10 years of never before released footage from our members of my training and mastermind archives that will help you to overcome blocks to success achieve health wealth and happiness in the shortest amount of time possible and give you the tools you need to get the life you want the way that you want it starting immediately you're going to have instant access to that that full 10 years worth of content in that archive starting from the moment you're enrolling the program it's our gold level it's our flagship program to help you customize your own questions uh to help you customize um we're going to help you decide the level of change that you want by going through the other levels within the gold program and the platinum program the diamond program. So that you can make a better decision as to where you fit. So let's just go over what we're going to give you in the in the gold level membership program.

First and foremost you're going to get a personal thank you and shout out to me and a lot of people like uh when uh their their teachers and their mentors on their youtube channel recognize people and i think you deserve that i think that's something that you we're going to personally make sure that you get the recognition for being a valued member of our community that you get my personal gratitude and thank you for being a supporting member of our community and for finding value in the information that we give i think that's something that many people who create a youtube channel um sometimes they forget that how important the subscribers to you the the person who logs in every day and looks for the newest content and looks for ways to become more active sometimes as people get bigger and more um i guess i don't say jaded. But sometimes we forget that if you're the reason we do this yes. We want the attention yes. We want to make a difference.

But at the end of the day you are the most important person in our world and i think as cliche or maybe corny as it sounds i think you deserve recognition for that and i never want to lose sight of the fact that it's because of people like you that give value to the things that people like me and other creators in youtube land kind of do. So i want to give you as part of your your gold membership part of that i want to give you a personal shout out personal thank you and recognition for your support of the channel what we do what our mission in life is which is to give you the tools and the skills that you need to get the life you want the way that you want i think that's such an important important piece. But i think it's more important that you get something. First in other words you come away from our channel with our free content or whatever knowing you have a tool a technique that allows you to really make a change in your life and of course the more of the changes you want to make we'll go through the programs and we'll show you how to do that.

But that's kind of it's kind of where i'm at right. Now um let me just make sure i want to check my notes real quick if that's okay. Um okay. We're good.

So let's let's jump back into what else we've got at the golden level membership see we're also going to give you a special code that'll give you a blanket 10 discount on all of our nlp power training events products and merchandise we're going to be coming out with more nlp power and dr david merchandise things of that nature the things that you can wear to let people know you support our channel you like our mission and support what we do in this life and in this world and. So we're going to give you a special code and it's good for 10 discount on everything doesn't matter if it's a 2 000 product doesn't matter if it's a 50 course whatever it is uh and and it's it's it's not a one and done um as long as you're an active member in the program a gold member or an unpower super transform or speed transformation super highway training package that 10 is yours to keep for as long as you're with us uh anna that's only going to lock in okay. We're also going to give you some early bird access and to elite content in other words we're always creating new content we're always doing live events we're always doing online events. But what we do with that content is we sit on it once we created it with very few exceptions we sit on it for anywhere from three six up to twelve months sometimes before we release it to the general public as part of our gold level membership uh subscribers you're going to receive early bird access to clips and sneak preview content sometimes half a day sometimes an hour if it's high density content.

But it'll always be things that you can use things that you can take to the bank things that will add value to your life and we're gonna and you'll get access to that weeks month sometimes even you know a year before the general public has access to it that's part of our our commitment to you to making sure that you have the best and the newest and the most advanced uh information possible the kind of information that will rapidly put you ahead of the pack in life in love and in business and every other point in between. So. Finally uh as in addition to you know in addition to this the free thank you and the shout out we're going to make to everybody who's logged in that day in addition to the ten percent discount and in addition to earlier access and the leaks uh content sneak previews we're also going to give you as part of our gold level membership program we're going to give you instant access to our top secret speed transformation super highway training archives we have been videotaping you know for the. Last since 2010 we've been videotaping our nlp power mastermind mentoring program that's held on the.

Third saturday of every month since 2010 and sometimes those are four hour sessions sometimes they're eight hour sessions. But every single one of them we videotaped we've edited we've edited down to clips basically and created an archive on the nlp power website of the. Last 10 years of that content and as part of our gold level membership which is 9.99 a month 9.99 a month you're going to get instant access to over 10 years of never released footage stuff that's never seen the light of day and uh and this members only footage will help you overcome blocks success will help you achieve health and wealth and happiness in the shortest amount of time possible honestly it'll give you the tools that you need to get the life you want the way that you want it and you'll get members access to some of our most deeply held content let me just give you a quick rundown i jotted down a quick list of some of the things that are covered in these 10 years of content. First and foremost you'll get psychological trip tips and tricks for how to read people instantly catching liars and predicting human behavior how many people like love and trust you in as little as 20 minutes how to write and create hypnotically compelling sales and marketing copy that people salivating to buy your product or service interview skills for nailing that job interview performance review or promotion at will you'll get instant conversation with gnosis skills that'll allow you to hypnotize people just by talking to them you'll learn how to reprogram your subconscious mind for unlimited success health and wealth you'll learn how to remove blocks to your success generate charisma on command and have people hanging on your every word you'll never you'll learn how to never ever ever lose emotional control for very for more than a few seconds ever again if you do these drills properly no.

One will ever be able to push your buttons for any length of time ever again we'll show you techniques and methods for healing pain and disease and emotional trauma in just minutes we'll show you ways to understand yourself better how to pick your best romantic and business partners using face reading co-reading these techniques of nlp and other forms of human behavioral profiling uh we'll show you how to profile and protect yourself from narcissists and manipulators frenemies and that whole gamut you know what i'm talking about and. So much more and the best part is this content is all yours for well fortnite for your as long as you're a member of our subscription and you can watch it you can binge watch it to your heart's content and come back a year. Later and that content will still be waiting for you ready to use and consume it's yours for as long as you're a member of our program and it's again um just our way of saying hey thank you. So much for being part of the community for being a supporter of what we're doing and we love you and we want to make sure that we're always delivering more value than we're asking for in return because we think that that's the best way for you as a student of our technologies and a fan of our work uh to get the life you want the way you want it and that's our mission to eliminate as much suffering as humanly possible and.

First and foremost to help you get your life on track. So let's just review really quick everything you're going to get in the gold platinum or the gold membership level for the speed transformation uh super highway. So you're going to get your personalized shout out my personal thank you to all of your friends and relatives and neighbors who are part of our channel as well uh you can always give you bragging rights of course hey dr david mentioned my name right. Um and that's priceless you know it's important i can't really put a dollar value on it because you know what price do you put on gratitude and that's what i am for you i'm grateful for you i'm grateful for the time you spend and invest in our videos and i want you to keep coming back i want to be the person that you come to when you have a question or a challenge that means solving and if it falls in my wheelhouse i want to help you get there.

So that's priceless this is going to be my personal thank you personal shout out to you we're also going to give you that 10 discount on all of our nlp power and youtube products and services and seminars. So it's 100 value it's yours just free for signing up at our gold level membership and if you just go to the website you buy one thing he's in a 10 discount it's going to save you close to 100 bucks or more and you know it's just a great extra bonus and you have it for as long as you're in the program we're also going to give you extra early bird access to some special content stuff that we would normally sit on stuff that we would normally just kind of archive and let it kind of age and ferment. So that the people who are in the live events have you know 8 6 twelve months whatever it is of of lead time to kind of implement those skills before they become available to the mainstream we're gonna give you that same privilege we're gonna give you that instant access we're gonna give you very cool uh very powerful content that will not be released uh anywhere else uh it'll only be released in high high ticket products uh and usually anywhere from three six to 12 months. Later after it's been edited it's been archetyped a little bit you'll get earlybird access to it you'll be able to take it out of the world test drive and use it get all the advantages that you deserve to have from applying that material it's 197 value just for just for that and of course we're going to give you the top speed the top secret speed transformation super highway training on times it's valued over twelve hundred dollars and.

So if you were to you know kind of add everything up the personalized thank you the ten percent discount that's 100 value 197 value on the early bird and sneak preview content and of course the 1200 uh top secret speed training super high information highway training archives the total value of that comes to fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollars that's one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars we're gonna let you have all of that for as long as you want for one low monthly installment of just 9.99 a month that's it you get 10 years of super archived high power content you're going to get a 10 discount the early bird access and the sneak preview comment and that personalized thank you and gratitude for me all for one loan installment of just 9.99 a month. So if that's something that you think you might be interested in that's something that would improve your life give it a shot test drive it see how you like it you don't like it you can always cancel it and uh no. Fuss no. Must for those of you who would like to go a little deeper though for those of you who would like to kind of get a little bit more specialized training a little bit more personalized attention we have another level that i think you're going to enjoy a lot this is the one that i think a lot of people are really going to be uh kind of fighting to get into um and you'll see why in just a minute.

But i think this is probably where the rubber hits the road where you start to really get content and information that is exactly what you need the way you need it and you can start really moving towards that level of interaction and getting my input to a certain degree in a much more targeted much more focused way. So with your commission i'd like you to kind of share that with you if i could and this is our our uh information super highway our speed transformation super highway uh platinum level package and. So uh in in level two sorry. First stay with the new mount uh stocks i'd like to call it dr david's speed transformation super highway everything in the platinum level that i'm about to talk about uh includes everything in the gold package.

So you're also going to get that personalized thank you and shout out for me you're gonna get that 10 discount on all nlp power products and services and merchandise including events. So if there's a a 3 000 nlp training that is already discounted and you want to use your 10 percent discount on that we'll have that 10 discount on the already discounted price. So you get that on top of whatever other um promotions or specials that we're running and again that's my way of saying hey thank you for uh for being part of our community for supporting us in the amazing ways that you do we love you very much and we just want to keep giving back that's that's really our our primary goal. So you're also going to get that super secret early bird sneak preview content i mentioned it's 197 value where you get instant access to content that we would normally not release for three six twelve months away you're going to get early bird access to it you're gonna be able to watch it binge it take it out into the field test drive it and use it and.

Finally we're gonna give you again from the from the gold package the top secret speed transformation super highway training archives 10 years content um valued at 1200 we're going to include that as part of your platinum package as well. But in addition to the you know that amazing content in the platinum level we're going to include two very very special live monthly private access events each month now the. First one and these will be held on the. First and.

Third mondays of every month and the. First one is called dr david's monday night master class this is a special topic uh members only event and what this is we're gonna every on the. First monday night of every month for two hours usually more because. Then you just can't fit things in a two-hour block.

So you get a lot more content than we're scheduling for um i'm going to drill down on a special topic lie detection how to read people face reading instant conversational hypnosis secrets of personal transformation the the topics that drive you that you came to our youtube channel before we're going to spend just you and me and a few select people who opt in to the platinum level membership we're going to drill down on a special event only a special topic event that is drawn largely from the meetups that i used to do. But also from your input on the channel what you want to learn for two hours we're gonna we're gonna lock in and we're gonna just go ahead and we're going to just give you as much information about that and the opportunity to interact through chats what's through question you know the chat boxes and things of that nature it's again we call that david's monday night master class and it's a special topic each night off each month i'll select it and you log in you interact with me i'll teach you everything i can and the time that we have and i'll point you in the direction of where to go for more if that if you feel that's a fair trade if it is go ahead it's a 750 value and that's content that only you as a platinum member will get we will never be releasing that even to our uh our mastermind members the uh mastermind mentoring group that i do on the. Third saturday every month that this content will be exclusive to you it'll be exclusive to you as a platinum member of our youtube channel and you can come back to it anytime you want every time you want you can ask questions you can type comments you can give us feedback on the things that you saw in the video and we will hopefully be as interactive with you through the chat medium as we can that's a total of 750 value uh and it's like i said it's exclusive members-only content it'll come right. To you in the comfort of your own home where you'll be able to follow along take notes participate live chat and really get your most important questions answered.

However sometimes a two-hour seminar is. So filled with information you don't know what questions you have until you actually take that information out into the world and actually start applying it and. So that's where event number two comes in and this event will be taking place on the. Third monday night of every month and we call this dr david's monday night meetup mixer or ask me anything meetup mixer in other words on the.

Third monday night of every single month from now until the end of time or until people get tired of us uh look. I'm gonna oh i'm gonna log into a private training with you and it's your chance to literally ask me anything you want to know about if it's something from the the monday night the monday night master class that you didn't get a chance to ask or you went out and applied the things you learned in the monday night class and you had questions about or you had a sticking point this is the optimal time for you to ask those questions and interact with me through chat and uh any other media or our platform that we might be able to integrate right. Now it's only chat through youtube. So that's what we're going to be working with.

But if we find a way to integrate zoom and interactivity and things of that nature you'll definitely have the opportunity to do that this will be a three hour session on the. Third monday night of every month it's an ask me anything with yours truly dr david and literally there's like no. Topic that's off limits you can quite literally ask me anything you want and unlike our previous asking anything events the event the information you'll receive in this three hour get your most important questions answered live stream will never be released to the general public this information and the questions asked are for platinum members only. So if you're worried you know and another thing about that is it it kind of preserves your privacy you know if you have a kind of provocative question that you want to ask if you're worried about it getting out to the general public this is kind of a way to ask those questions and and kind of just add a little bit of discretion into it i know most people don't really care when they ask those kinds of questions.

But this is that that kind of a format for you this is kind of our way of kind of pulling back you know locking the doors to hey what do you really want to know about what do you really want to learn right. So we're doing this for a couple of reasons. First and foremost um it's for you to get a chance to follow up on the questions from the monday night master class and to get additional feedback based on your field reports you know everything we teach you in nlp power and this the personal transformation super highway as i like to call it which is our youtube channel it's about going out into the world and applying it making it work for you finding out how it worked if it didn't work what tweaks we need to make and. So a lot of times when you go out and you can always tell who's done the work by the kinds of questions that they ask and.

So based on that you come back on the. Third monday of every night to our ask me anything class you ask me the questions you tell me what happened when you applied these things in the field and i can kind of hotseat you right. On the spot and give you the pointers that uh you need to go out and make those things work even better for you that's the intention behind the the monday night master class which is the. First monday of every every month and the monday night ask me anything meetup mixer is.

So that you and your your your colleagues and friends in the the planet david community get together share field reports ask questions and get the feedback that you need to improve what you're doing. So um and of course it's a three-hour online event. So i'm not going to be rushing off after 90 minutes and again if there's no. Questions after 90 minutes.

Then i may talk may teach something i may do a uh i may do a meditation or a installation or do some [ __ ] clearing sessions or whatever it is to kind of give you value for those three hours that's my commitment to you as being part of our um as part of our platinum membership level. So based on my hourly rate this is a total value of 1125 125 we're going to include this as part of your package almost free almost free. So uh this level might be for you if you've ever had a question and got lost in the crowd if you've ever logged into somebody's youtube live or facebook. Live and the questions are flying by at 100 miles an hour and you asked your question and by the time you wrote it it was gone 27 other questions went by and the person teaching the group usually me missed the question or just completely negated it or whatever or if you've ever been drowned if your question's ever been drowned in a torrent of questions flying by the chat window faster than the speed of light this might be a better a better option for you than our our gold membership because you get to interact the the group because there's a different price point involved the group's going to be smaller it's going to be more intimate it's going to give you the ability to interact with me and get the attention that you really want right.

A higher a much higher percentage chance of you getting the information the questions you asked answered uh we won't tolerate trolls of course you know we don't tolerate bad behavior. But most of the most part everyone in planet david has been really respectful and really helpful with one another which i think is amazing when i look. At all the people in the interaction in our community how helpful everybody is and and that's a that's a beautiful thing and it's very hard to to recreate that in other channels and i'm very proud of that and i want you to be part of it. But that's why we're doing this this platinum level membership.

So that you know the the questions flying by in the chats and the comments are aren't going by. So fast that you your question gets missed or the answer gets missed for that matter cause sometimes i type the answers in the chat and before you know poof they're gone. But they'll be chat logs and records of those chats and things like that. So you'll be able to follow up and get your questions answered and post comments and things of that nature.

So if you're tired of not getting your most important questions answered when you need them answered the most this is probably a level that i think is really going to be a good fit for you now i got to warn you in order to maintain that quality of interaction in order to make sure that there is enough time and space for you we are intentionally and deliberately limiting the number of memberships available at this level simply because a um the price point to get in is really low compared to what we're giving you. So a lot of people want this kind of level of interactive and i want it actually because i love interacting with you i love talking to you i love getting your feedback i love hearing about how you've used these materials and i want you to be part of this community. But we've intentionally done two things hey we've priced it really exceptionally low uh in in in connection to the value that we're offering you we think. Anyway uh you may differ right.

But please if you don't think it's worth it by all means post post that because we're very very open to your feedback. But give it a test drive um and. Finally because um we want to you know we want to give we're only limiting to 300 subscribers. So we have about a hundred and.

Last time i count i looked at the numbers we had about 161 000 subscribers very active very enthusiastic subscribers just like you we're only allotting because of the the format that we're choosing we're only aligning 300 spots for this platinum level membership and the entire the entire program if you let's go ahead and just review it. So you understand why this is something that we have to limit and people and you if you if this looks remotely interesting you're going to want to grab your spot fast before somebody else gets it because once those 300 spots are gone we're going to pull that link if you log into the youtube channel and for whatever reason the platinum level link isn't available to you it's because we've met our quota and we will not open it again until the number falls below that 300 level mark if things change or technology changes maybe we'll make a different decision. Later on. But as of right.

Now we're only going to allow 300 people in the platinum level membership and just to review what you get. First of all you're going to get that personalized thank you and shout out to me and our community my personal recognition and validation and gratitude for you for being a supporting member of our community and being an active member because that's what this is about this isn't about people who are just going to sit back suck up content and do nothing with it this is about people who want to make a powerful permanent and positive change in life now i don't care what that changes i don't care if it's your love life your business life your social life your your family life my job is to give you the tools to give you the change. So and i'm grateful for you for giving me the opportunity to do that. So it's absolutely this to me is absolutely priceless because this is my way of saying thank you and and recognizing you as being one of the most important members of our community we're also going to include that 10 discount on everything our products our services our merchandise our events um and it's on top of any other promotions or offers that we're we're offering.

So if we're giving like a you know uh a two thousand dollar training for an early bird of 9.97 you apply your 10 platinum member discount poof it's 100 off right. Up right. Down there 997 off whenever the price is 10 off we don't care um that's an again it's my way of saying thank you for being amazing for being supportive and for coming out and finding value in what we do and as is often the case taking the techniques out into the world using them with other people and making their lives better that to me is is priceless beyond beyond belief we're also going to include that super secret early bird sneak preview content we mentioned in the gold level. So you'll get early bird access to everything that we would normally hold back from the general public you're going to get instant access it's 197 value cheers free as part of the the platinum member package we're also going to include the 10 year top secret speed transformation training super highway archives it's a 1200 value we're going to include that as part of your platinum package absolutely free and.

Finally um we're going to give you we're going to throw in again as part of your platinum membership two live events every month these are members only events it will be password protected uh there will be a special code to get in whatever security measures we need to take and to preserve and keep that content just for you we're going to do that could. First one is on the. First monday night of every month it's dr david's monday night master class it's a special topic members only live event 750 value and in that special topic event we are going to go deep into a particular topic lie detection body language uh attraction romance um how to write powerful copy how to get rid of negative emotions reprogram your subconscious mind you know you've seen that whole list of things that i i mentioned earlier we're gonna those are the topics we'll be pulling from and we'll be drilling down on those topics for two solid hours on the. First monday night of every month you'll have indefinite access to all of that content you can go back and review that video that video content months you know months from now as long as you're a a member in good standing of our platinum our platinum program okay.

On the. Third monday night of every month we're going to give our. Second live event and that is dr david's members only monday night ask me anything meet up in mixer this is where you once again you get to log in and spend three hours with me asking questions getting the answers getting the feedback tips and tricks for you know overcoming the sticking points um in your application uh if you have questions about the monday the monday night master class content we can drill down and help you you know really get the biggest bang for your buck from that content and how to apply it in your everyday life it's one thousand one hundred twenty five dollar value we're going to throw this in as part of our way of saying thank you and making sure that you've got the tools you need to get the life you want the way that you want it it's gonna be yours free as part of our platinum membership if you were to take all of that and add it up on a calculator which i did multiple times to make sure i got it right. It will be a total package price of three thousand three hundred and seventy two dollars.

But we're not even going to we're not going to charge you 370 although i would really like to um we're not even going to charge you 2 000 we're 1 000. you're going to get all of the things we've just talked about the free shout out and thank you the 10 discount the sneak preview content um the 10 year training archive you're going to get the monday night master class the monday night ask me anything meet up in mixer all of that you're gonna get for one low investment of not 997 or 97 dollars not 67 not 47 dollars you get all that 3 372 worth of content for one low monthly subscription of 24.99 that's yes. You heard me right. 24.99 you get all of that and unlimited access to it for as long as you're a member of our program like i said before though we have 161 000 subscribers we've only got 300 slots. So if this sounds like something you really want to do if you know it's going to have value to your life if you know that you can be there on the.

First and. Third monday nights to live and interact. Then by all means go ahead and jump onto the platinum level program it's amazing and i'm looking forward to it because i love i love opportunities to interact my whole approach my whole approach to teaching is about interactiveness. So the more i can talk to you the more i can interact with you the more you can get a feel for what you want what you need the more i can target the information to give you exactly what you want and that's what the whole point of the platinum member program is is to start targeting and drilling down on what's most important to you and giving you a low-cost high-value way to get that access to that information and keep it private for you.

So if this is something that that you're interested in if it's something that you find of value i encourage you to go ahead and jump into that platinum program it's only 24.99 a month you can cancel it at any time try it for three four months if you like it keep going if you don't just cancel it no. Hard feelings go back to your free content and uh and and you know like i said. But i think you're gonna like it i think you're gonna enjoy it if you've liked our our our free online ask me any things if you liked our our regular free content you're gonna love this stuff because it's going to be more targeted it's going to be more focused you're going to interact with me and it's something that i think will really add tremendous tremendous power and value to your life. So that being said that's our platinum member program i'm really as the more i talk about it you know the prouder i am and i think this is the one that most people are really going to enjoy.

But there are people who want even more they want people who kind of want me almost looking over their shoulder making sure they do things right. They want to be able to see me and talk to me not through a chat. But through live interactivity and for those of you who want maximum uh personal time with me maximum interaction in a virtual format obviously we have our our diamond level program like a dr david's diamond level mastermind mentoring meetup or and it's based on my own people our mastermind mentoring program has a couple of differences. But it's mostly designed as a way for you my beloved subscribers on youtube my students my friends my community my family to to really get the hands-on training that you want and need sometimes you just need somebody looking over your shoulder watching you do things giving you feedback maybe even practicing and role playing it with you and that's what the the diamond level is all about it's a maximum skill building interactive video platform.

So this most likely will be done if i can do it through zoom interactively on video. Then i'll our and transfer to youtube otherwise you'll be giving two links you'll be given access to our our zoom channel where you'll interact just like our mastermind members do in the same format it's four hours on the. Third saturday of every month and you i literally go around everyone on the call and i say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and i literally write those things or type them in my screen i look. At all the connecting threads and for the.

Next four hours interactively with one another and me i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep now you won't get a certification from the diamond level what you will get though is a real world ready skill set a set of tools and techniques based on what you most need and want in that moment that you can take out into the world and start applying right. Away and you can go back and revisit that content for as long as your diamond member okay. Now the best part about the diamond level program is that it includes every single thing in the gold level and the platinum level. So you're going to get the the free shout out you're going to get the 10 discount you're going to get the sneak peek early bird content you're going to get 10 years act access to 10 years of online mastermind video content in addition to that you're going to get the monday night master class and the the.

Third monday night dr david's meetup mixer ask me anything event on top of all that on the. Third saturday of every month starting with the very. First month you're in the program you'll be invited to a special members only zoom meeting and i will literally ask you through that video console what do you want to learn today what skill sets do you need today and i'm going to list them on the board i'm going to compare them to everybody else's in the chat i'm going to find the connecting threads i'm going to see where they all overlap and i'm going to create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four to eight hours i'm going to drill you in that small group very small group on those skills until you can do them in your sleep this is not something you'll be you'll have access to that content.

But you'll also have access to people who can practice with you'll get feedback from me i'll interact and role play with you these are all things that we are going to do to build you a skill set face-to-face as close to a face-to-face meeting environment as possible you won't be interacting this is that there will be chat available. But it's more of the video platform that we're building on. So it's a live interactive group skill building session it's called dr david's diamond level mastermind mentoring mega training and again four to eight hours every month on the. Third saturday of every month 1500 value right.

If you were to do the math my hourly rate is 375 an hour times four hours looking at minimum 1500 just to have you walk in the room and be there for four hours. But we're gonna this is it's not about me this is about you this is about making sure that from those four hours you come out with a skill set that will serve you and protect you and get you what you want every time you apply it okay. You're also going to get us some extra bonuses you're going to get free access to our private nlp power mastermind mentoring facebook. Group this is another forum it's private it's elite it's on facebook.

Where you can go in you can talk to our mastermind members you can role play with them create private rooms you can interact and there's also about two years of updated content on that facebook. Group that you will have unlimited access to for as long as you're with the program. So as long as you're a platinum member or diamond member diamond member in good standing you can log in interact with people post things get feedback on stuff and it's yours in addition to that all platinum members get a five percent bump in their discount. So they no.

Longer get a 10 they get a 15 discount on all nlp power products services merchandise and events that's a 293 value or more depending on what we're looking at yours absolutely free okay. So if we were to look. At the entire um the entire scope of this um you're looking at a significantly a significant bonus i didn't pardon me i didn't actually take time to actually add up all of the things that uh all the values that we've got here. But if we were to just um take uh let me do this right.

Here real quick we'll just add it up real quick. So if you look. At the platinum and the gold packages together you're looking at three thousand three hundred and seventy two dollars plus fifteen hundred for the mastermind and. Then 497 for the facebook.

Archive and group plus that 293 dollar average is what people get you look. At a total value of 5 662. retail if you were to go to our website and try and buy these things which by the way you can't this is an exclusive promise just for our youtube members and our way of saying thank you and there's one other bonus that uh that we're gonna we're gonna offer to you and that is this when you join our diamond level program you get our subscription price platinum guarantee our diamond platinum guarantee what that means is your your program rate is locked in your price will never go up your content access to content will never go down for as long as you're a member of good standing with the program you will in fact never have to worry about us raising our prices on you or even if we even like some people do they give you access to what you had you know when they. First launched a product. But they gave you they they cut back access we're not going to do that if we add new content or new types of levels into these these three programs we'll add that to you no.

Charge your price will never go up you'll never lose access to your content that's our promise to you we'll never raise it up for you that's my goal that my goal is to keep you happy is to make sure you get the best of everything total value if you were gonna grab the diamond package would be five thousand six hundred and sixty two dollars we're gonna give it all to you for as long as you want it for one low monthly installment one low subscription rate of just 99.99 a month that's right. Just 99.99 a month that's what we got for you um there will be a write-up along with this video to detail and kind of something for you to review um if you have questions if you have concerns please reach out to me david nlpower.com or you can reach out to our amazing staff at reach stephanie my administrative goddess stephanie nlpower.com that's stephanie nlpower.com or you can call us directly 858-282-4663 once again that's 858-282-4663 this is dr david snyder signing off i encourage you to jump into the program i look. Forward to seeing you at those monday night master classes and those ask me anything events i love you all thank you. So much for supporting our community i hope this takes your whole your life and your skill set to the.

Next level remember uh space is limited for all of the programs that are uh platinum and above we're limiting it to 300 subscribers each at 161 000 active enthusiastic subscribers those spots are going to go quick. So please if you're serious about taking your life to the. Next level if you're serious about getting the information you need in the way that you can use it and need it right. Away reach out to me jump into the program.

So long and god bless.
