Title: ONLINE EVENT COMING SOON!  Flirting for Fun and Profit
File Name: E2EPzxkUOYI.txt
Video Id: E2EPzxkUOYI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2EPzxkUOYI

I taught um in my. Meetup days it was called flirting for. Fun and. Profit we still have uh copies of that video training available on our website and one of the things that most people don't understand is that flirting is social lubricant flirting allows you to do things in the business world you wouldn't be able to do otherwise.

So when we think about flirting and we think about attraction we think about romance we think about how you know just getting a made or getting laid or whatever word you use to assign it. But the truth of the matter is the the concept of flirting is analogous to another term you may have heard before called schmoozing shmooing is a way that you begin to create very very powerful positive fun playful interactions that make people more lenient and compliant to your requests one of the ways that this is commonly used whether you realize or not is by social engineers and stuff like that to get past. Gatekeepers you guys know what. I mean when.

I talk about social engineering right. People who do their job is actually to get past the security of. Corporations hack into their main frames things of that nature a lot of what they're doing is an aspect of flirting or. SCH smoing and social engineering a lot of it is called pretexting which is where you take on an identity or.

Persona right. So when we talk about the context of. Attraction. I don't want you to just think yes.

It's going to. Absol absolutely. Skyrocket you're dating and romantic success even if you're in a relationship even if you are married if you take these things back into your current relationship it will change it and usually for the better and even if not you will know what to make what changes to make and if the person you're with isn't willing to make those changes you know whether it's a good time for you to maybe change that relationship or not right. So.

I. I don't do these. I only. I only did this.

I've done it two years in a row mostly because people kept busting in my. Stones about it. I only wanted to do it once two years ago. So this will be the.

Last time we do this one for a while um because it's again it's just not it's. I got. So many other things to do it's like um. But for those of you who want to learn these skills and.

I highly recommend if you're in the business world or you do a lot of networking things of that nature where you want people to just feel good feel attractive feel comfortable with you flirting is a great way to do it right. So understanding the. Dynamics of it understanding approaching we'll talk about behavioral entrainment we'll talk about values again from a relationship perspective we'll talk about um there's a there's a bunch of source material that. I've pulled from uh very outspoken women in terms of what kind of behaviors what kind of attributes uh get the kind of men you want keep them and kind of give you control of that relationship.

So it's very much a a power enhancing. Rel uh workshop for men and women right. Um. I don't like to do sem.

I don't like to do seminars especially in the attraction world where it's all men or it's all women because usually when you go to those kinds of events it's like women talking about how all men are pigs and and how they're all up and. Then if you go to the same thing with with with men it's like how all men are all women are up and we're both up let's just get over it right. We're up and we just need to unfuck ourselves okay. In a in a positive way right.

So for those of you who um like this camp and and want to build on it enhance especially if you're a therapist or you're doing any kind of relationship or attraction work which is a great adjunct for those of you who are doing hypnosis hypnotherapy any kind of coaching there's a lot of money in this. Niche. So these are really powerful skills to have and if people want to know about the sexuality parts that's actually where. I started um in the information product.

Niche many many years ago was in the in the sexuality secret we'll we'll we'll cover some of that as well.
