Title: FREE Conversational Hypnosis Technique - Improvised Rapid Clearing Technique Group Hypnosis
File Name: EbjnQrSPrFQ.txt
Video Id: EbjnQrSPrFQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EbjnQrSPrFQ

Okay. Lots of cool stuff lots of cool stuff that's right. That's actually a actually you can do that watch this close your eyes. Think of something that has in an intensity scale of 1 or 2 something that's just annoying notice where you feel it point to it good now here's what.

I want you to. I want you to reach in grab it hold it in your hands in front of you and. I using your imagination now. I want you to imagine right.

In front of you there's this big old whiteboard just like the one. I have up front take it smack it onto the board. So it's like splat now reach down and grab your eraser maybe sometimes sometimes you need some of that spray on stuff to get your other really gunky the thick stuff spray it and wipe it off notice what happens to the feelings in your body. I just made that up.

But why could. I do that how many people notice it went away right. There you go how does that work same principles right. Point to where you feel it reach in grab it.

I didn't we didn't see did you spin yours or do just put on the board yeah see see right. Into your associate the feeling with something else you'll raise to something your unconscious mind understands that it understands what you're racing something means anytime you can tap into. Universal metaphors that your unconscious mind understands you get rapid transformation because your unconscious mind already understands what to do we can. I can.

I talk about your session okay. We did a session with barb yesterday right. And. I know barb is really into energy.

So we did a lot of we have this process you learned called universal solvent where this energy flows in through the top of your head it saturates out you've done. Universal you've all done this and. I did something different with her. I said you know how sometimes when you ever work with peroxide you know when you pour peroxides on the fizzes.

I want you to notice is the energy flows in and kind of finds those places in your body where and just like peroxo you can feel it fizzing and she came at us huh yeah a lot of visualization. But it's in combination with kinesthetics it has there has to be it can be vague. But it has to be there many times when you're doing a lot of these these kinesthetic things depending on your level desorption it can be vague it can be strong the more you can just really get into the process the more more deeply you're going to get change if there's part of you that feels silly doing this that's the wrong attitude right. This is about you now.

I'm going to share something with you there's no. I'm going to be doing a vibrational influence thing right. You know how we're talking about this absorb and acting out things do you know that in some of the most advanced level forms of. Qigong where they deal with elemental energies you actually start acting like a flame or like water.

So when. I was working with this one chi gong master you start teaching me about fire dragon. Qigong or water. Qigong one of his exercises was to just and just be fire and it creates that that weird entrainment okay.

You're going to find as you delve deeper into the mysteries that getting the body engaged is key to making things happen okay. But if you're self-conscious that's gonna hold you back you can still get changed don't get me wrong. But to the degree that you can just let go just like when you're a kid that's all you need if you play pretend or fantasize when you were a kid and really got into it you can have anything you want.
