Title: ebV04hKHa6U.txt
Video Id: ebV04hKHa6U
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebV04hKHa6U

All righty all right. Let's not sleep let's wake up. First rule when it comes to. M training your mind stop taking yourself.

So damn seriously seriously everybody stand up here's what. I want you to do. I want you to look. To your person to the right.

Or to your left stick out your hand shake their hand look. Them in the eye introduce yourself and go and. Then look. To the person on the other side of you shake their hand and go thank you thank you that takes two that that answers two questions right.

There hey. I can in fact make you do anything you want anything. I want you to the other thing is have a seat the other thing is it gets everybody the whole fear of looking silly or foolish right. Out of the way okay.

Many of the things. I'm going to share with you to the untrained eye to the to the uninformed. Observer look. Weird they're silly and they work.

So the sooner you get this whole fear of looking silly of holding back of trying to analyze what everyone around you is doing the faster and deeper the results that you'll get it's just the way you work. So the. First thing. I want you to.

I'll get into my intro in my bio most of you already know it because it's on. Meetup okay. My name is. David.

Snyder. I'm a master practitioner certified trainer in neural linguistic programming. I have a license in acupuncture and orial. Medicine through the state of.

California master's degree in. Oriental medicine. I'm a certified hypnosis trainer uh my specialty in the clinic is emotion uh healing physiological illness that has as its root repressed emotion. So.

I every now and. Then. I get a weight loss patient and we're 100% successful. But.

I only get one a year. So factor that into your success rate right. But most of the people who come to me wind up in my office or in my clinic because of something deeper it's not just a habit that they want to change or something like that there's parts of their brain or parts of their mind that aren't talking and they're fighting each other and they're manifesting all kinds of weird symptoms because of it my job through. NLP through hypnosis through energetics.

I'm also a raike master and teacher. I've been a raike master and teacher since the early 90s before raiki was even cool right. Um. I'm only one or two people away from the the source of raiki in this country.

Hawai tagata uh. I've been studying cabala since the '90s as well way before. Madonna started picking it up. So in many ways.

I'm a premadonna um. So i'. I've put all these systems together. I've looked at them from a principal basis.

I've applied the. NLP modeling strategy which is really the idea the concept of being able to take anything that anybody else is doing and reverse engineer it to the point where it becomes teachable to somebody who didn't develop it and. So many of the things that. NLP does is about duplicating excellence it's about learning how the top performers in their field are able to do the things they do create a model and teach it to other people.

So other people can replicate the work okay. Um that being said we need to also talk about one of the most important factors in learning and how to train your mind to do anything and that's this concept of. Altered. States.

Of. Consciousness this concept of quote trance people when when you hear hypnosis you usually get a very polarized response half the room runs screaming for the exits the other half goes right. You will be going in and out of. Trance all night long tonight most of it will happen.

So fluidly you won't even realize it's happening like now there's always a nervous little chuckle in the room when. I do that okay. But one of the things. I want you to understand is trance is the most natural thing that we do how many people here have ever been little children okay.

Those of you who did not raise your hands was it because you don't remember your childhood all right. How many people here have ever been little children raise your hands thank you that's right. Couple of rules couple of housekeeping rules. First of all this means yes.

This means no. This means. I know the answer this means. I don't this means oh.

I hope he doesn't do that to me right. Trance trance has two components along with the leaf blower apparently outside absorption in the processor. The. Experience now what do.

I mean by that how many people here when you were little children played pretend raise your hands cool and. I'm betting that when you played pretend you had a great time didn't you right. Now this one's this one's trouble. I can tell right.

Now this one's going to be a did you play prend as a little kid. I still do you still do when you played pretend as a little kid were you a tom boy or a tom girl depends on the day depends on oh she's one of those on your best day tomboy or. Tom girl tom boy tom boy she's like no. I don't want to okay.

Fine all right. So. Soldier. Cowboy.

Batman. Robin wonder you know what is it. Wonder. Woman.

Wonder. Woman all right. So when you were playing. Wonder.

Woman right. I get. Wonder. Woman a lot by the way wonder why wonder why girl power oh.

Spice. Girls wait a minute it's a different generation. But when you were playing pretend when you were. Wonder.

Woman what did you play at when you were a kid. Batman. Batman. Batman's cool how about you what' you play that super by.

Spider-Man. Spider-Man if you go into my. YouTube channel and you look. Under my martial arts videos every class.

I'm teaching with martial arts. I'm wearing a s a. Spider-Man t-shirt it's a spandex one. So it actually looks like this the costume it's really cool guys got to be playful okay.

How about you what did you play at when you were a kid yeah you oh me um oh. I'd be anything from a rock star to a um yeah mostly. Rockstar mostly. Rockstar stage now.

I. I don't know anybody else around here who might have done the whole. Rockstar thing and the privacy of the r room right. Cranking out your favorite song got the hairbrush in one hand right.

Air guitar in it let me ask you a question when you all played pretend were you asleep right. How many used props right. When you played. Soldier or.

Wonder. Woman or. Batman you picked up the stick or the toy gun or the doll whatever it was in the backyard right. And you knew within the.

First five minutes that you started doing that and it was just a stick right. Just a hairbrush whatever for the. First 5 minutes and. Then something weird happened 5 and a half minutes.

Later it's a real. M60 you're. Rambo and there's real bad guys shooting at you and you're bobbing and weaving and chucking and. Jing you're killing bad guys right.

Were you asleep this means yes. Just means no. Right. Were you focused on what you were doing were were you completely absorbed in the experience were you having a ball congratulations if you can do that tonight like you went like you did when you were a little kid like you learned how to do oh.

So long ago you can have anything you want it really is that simple okay. So we have to learn to be playful we have to learn to understand that when we play pretend there's two factors that come into into operation by the way when you were playing pend were you completely in it right. We call that process absorption right. Were you focused on what you were doing this means yes.

This means no. When you have these two components you have what is commonly referred to to. In classical hypnotic circles as depth of. Trance to the degree that you become absolutely absorbed in the process to the degree that you focus your attention fully in what you're doing wrap around wrap that in a whole blanket of playfulness you can reprogram yourself or program yourself to do whatever you want to the degree that there's a part of you kind of sitting outside watching and analyzing judging wondering if this shit's actually working or not you hold it back okay.

If. I'm talking to a room full of hypnotists which. I may lapse into jargon because. I just spent 5 days with 400 hypnotists teaching them really cool stuff.

So if. I laps in the jargon please forgive me. But when. I'm talking to to ordinary folk which.

I like better. I talk about smart person syndrome otherwise known as hypnotist disease now hypnotist disease is what occurs when you are actually trained in these skills and you're actually going through a process with people and you're pretending to be the subject you're pretending to be the person being guided through an experience and what happens is there's a part of you that's actually having the experience and there's this little tiny part kind of hanging out over here evaluating the skill of the person working with you or if there's something you can steal okay. Smart person syndrome kind of happens when we kind of have a little part of us hanging out observing the whole process evaluating whether it's working or not and deciding if it works or not right. Here's the problem with that when there's a part of you that's trying to do the experience and have the experience and a part of you that's outside evaluating it you're not really absorbed are you processes.

I'm going to teach you are easy they're simple you do them all the time every day it's just you didn't know you were doing them once you understand how you work in terms of how your body and mind work together to create your experience of. Life once you understand that process you gain tremendous power over your own reality okay. Because it's really just a map it's like a a lossy photograph of how we think the world. Works does that make sense okay.

So three things. I need from you tonight. A have fun stop taking yourself. So damn seriously seriously right.

Have fun with what you do play with the skills allow yourself to pretend like when you were little kids how many people here have ever seen a movie cool okay. We're getting somewhere now going back to this whole concept of absorption and focus right. Cuz sometimes like what do you mean absorption and focus exactly you guys remember when you're walking down movie theater right. You're going going down the aisle maybe you got your popcorn in one hand best girl in the other right.

You're not sure which one is more important don't tell don't my wife that. So you sit down right. The curtain opens and for the. Next hour and a half two hours two and a half hours depending on what movie you're watching you have an amazing experience and aside from the ache in your bladder right.

It was a great movie can you tell me at what point you became completely absorbed in that experience ah there's the rub because if you could actually tell me at what point you became absorbed in that experience you're lying to me because you weren't absorbed absorption is about being in the moment it's about being in the process does that make sense okay. So hopefully it wasn't a movie that sucked which case. I usually get up and leave. But.

So here's what. I want to do what are your biggest questions about. NLP real quick because. I want to know.

I want to determine a direction for you guys. I want to. I want to know how to direct the skills how many people here just. So.

I know have something they want to get rid of. Raise. Your. Hands cool how many people here have something they want to do better raise your hands.

O we're pretty evenly divided how many people who raised your hands twice you people are just undecided right. Like. I said before some of you weren't here when. I made this disclaimer if.

Politically. Incorrect language offends you if swear words offend you there's the door. I'm a no. BS kind of guy and.

I want to help you guys. I'm going to cut through the. BS. So the.

First thing we're going to talk about is how the heck do we create our own experience what do. I mean by that anybody here ever see a movie like. Iron. Man okay.

Or. Avengers or um. Mission. Impossible is a good one too right.

Those are all action movies and super there's a superhero theme here isn't there right. So you know my favorite scenes in those movies you know those scenes when like. Tony. Stark's like got this virtual reality bubble around him right.

And he's opening these windows and he's moving this here and he's moving that there and he's exploding these diagrams you know what's really cool about that where do you think the inspiration for that came from any idea daydreaming. I'll give you a clue okay. You you have this thing in your body called a propri receptive nervous system okay. Now propri reception is a long drawn out word which basically translates to time and space it's the part of your nervous system that if.

I were to reach into my pocket and feel an object in my pocket it's the part of my nervous system that can actually identify what's in my pocket by the feel and the shape and the and the size it also. So it controls about six or seven different different types of information now it also is the part of your nervous system that can tell where your limbs are in space anybody here ever have to pass a drunk test right. Nobody's going no. I'm not going to answer that one right.

The truth of the matter is is that when the things they're testing when they pull you over and they have you close your eyes. And you have to go. Hey where's my nose right. They're testing your appropriate reception below the threshold of what you're consciously seeing right.

Now is another layer of code there's a code that your nervous system uses to determine what you pay attention to and how you respond to it it's filtered through your appropriate reception now everybody here has an iPhone right. No. I don't have an iPhone all right. I have a.

Galaxy all right. Ah there we go. I got a fan now right. Okay.

Now you know that when you have your iPhone you have something you know something come up and you can't see it hey. Lisa you can like open the window and close the window. So it's easier to read right. Your nervous system subjectively below the threshold of conscious awareness has an.

XYZ grid around its body kind of like that big virtual reality bubble you see an. Iron. Man a mission impossible and it's a location of experiences in that spatial relation that spatial area around your body that your nervous system accesses whenever it brings up a memory whenever it has you go through an action plan for creating an or reliving a new experience we're going to play with that right. Now.

So we're going to start with really cool feelings right. So we're going to do some really cool stuff here's what. I want you. I want you think of a time in your life when you felt absolutely amazing now.

I'm not going to ask you what it was. So you can make it as juicy and as wonderful as you can okay. And all. I want you to do is imagine that it's somewhere in the space around you and that you could actually just.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it put your hand smacked dab in the middle of it physically.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it this is the compliance part you can have any change you want if you have absorption focus and compliance you follow the instructions you get the result now take both of your hands by the way as you reach and put your hand right.

In that image notice where in your body you feel it okay. This is the. Discovery portion now take both of your hands trace the edges of the photograph or the picture. So you know exactly how big it is grab the edges of it like the window on your iPhone pay attention to the picture and the feeling simultaneously and make the picture go notice what happens to the feeling try not to take her out what happened to the feeling.

Lisa intensifi intensifies what happened. Oscar bigger bigger what happened. Steve expanded huh expanded expanded. So if.

I took. That picture he gets real happy now doesn't he right. If. I were to actually take that picture and wrap it around him what happens to the feeling yeah right.

So take your big picture notice where you feel it now shrink it down to its normal size notice what happens to the feeling in your body now shrink it down to half its size. H now bring it back isn't that weird that you can change things that don't exist [Applause] it does exist. But it exists at a different level of our awareness it exists at a neurological level it's a projection. So one of the things we want to begin to understand is how do we access this level because that's really what.

NLP is about. NLP the technical definition of. NLP is the study of the structure of subjective. Human.

Experience in a n shell the feelings you have in your body in every situation how does your body actually do that how does it create that experience the technical term or the more practical application is the study of superior thinking right. You see when we move through the world this coding system that we're beginning to learn about it's at the default settings. So as you move through the world and you have experiences depending on the emotional state that you're in the knowledge bank that you have the context and the people around you those experiences go into your nervous system and there's a default way it's coded for lack of a better word anybody here ever work with. Photoshop paint or anything like a a photo editing program anybody here ever take a really beautiful picture with your high your high deaf uh digital camera and try to send that sucker over.

Yahoo and it has a fit right. So what do you have to do what do you have to do you have to pull out your paint program you have to save it down to a smaller size don't you now. So let's say. I take a great picture of my three kids and.

I want to send it to their grandma and it's high deaf and it's beautiful right. But. I try to send it in. Yahoo and it kicks it back.

Yahoo has a fit says no. It's too big. So. I go to my paint shop program or my.

Carell draw whatever it is my daughter happens my daughter's amazing artist by the way you'll see some of her pictures. Later um and save it down and. I. Finally get it down to a file size maybe it's like 300 megabytes or something weird ridiculous like that and.

I save it down to like four right. So. I actually go through a. Yahoo program grandma gets the picture and is this freaking big right.

And that's not going to be good enough for grandma because she wants big ass pictures of her kids right. So what does she do she goes and and she enlarges the picture and the picture disappears there's a. DOT here and a. DOT there and the dots that that are there are really fuzzy and indistinct and out of out of focus why any of you.

Tech heads resolution is poor resolution is poor what is that resolution huh the pixel what is a pixel what is a pixel it's a. DOT right. It's information it's information that tells that picture what to be and how to be it. So when we blow that picture up it's distorted there's information missing right.

And. So what do we do if we're one of those people who are like professional retouchers we open that program up nice and big and we start trying to put the pixels back right. And maybe we get it right. And maybe we don't every memory that you have is not the event itself understand that that's significant every memory that you're carrying around inside of you is not the event itself it's the equivalent of that picture that photograph same thing for video if.

I take a video that's high death and. I shrink it down to where it's like an tiny. MP4 that'll fit through an email program and. I try to blow that sucker up it's missing all kinds of information isn't it and we try to figure out what's going on through that.

So that's the beauty and the tragedy in some ways of how our nervous system works everything we do is deleted distorted or generalized it's in there's information missing or out of proportion the good news is it's not the thing itself that is gone. So all you have of that experience is an imperfect photograph and you have complete access to the editing tools think about this if you were going to think about the past wouldn't it be more useful to remember the past in ways that only made your life better is there a word for that right. But how many things we think back on and we don't feel better right. Because at some level we've become identified with the image with the picture we treat the picture like it's us we treat the picture like it's the thing itself okay.

The beautiful thing and in some cases. The. Not. So.

Beautiful thing is that thing is gone the thing that holds you back the thing that caused the problem in the. First place it's gone all you're carrying around is a representation that's deleted distorted or generalized it has information missing and sometimes the missing information is what's keeping us stuck right. Sometimes we just put it in the wrong place everybody grab that image of that thing that made you feel really good now double the size of the image if it's in color actually if it's if it's not in color make it color notice what happens to the feeling you know you can pull your chair out if you want to expand yourself a little more. I'm.

I'm doing my head you're doing my head well do it physically because you're going to have more bang for your buck no. Pun attended that was two days ago all right. So now what. I want you to do is if it's a still picture make it a movie notice what happens to your experience now if there's sound turn up the sound notice what happens to the feeling some of you guys are getting a big old smile on your face.

I'm kind of liking this right. Some of you knew this before you'd never left your house right. Okay. Now grab that image and all.

I want you to do is put it behind you what the heck he's not going to do it he's what just happened it's gone wait a minute. I took. A picture that didn't exist connected to a. Feeling that.

I really enjoyed. I put it behind me and it disappeared you just filed it in a different location the spatial location the size and shape the colors the clarity all of those things are the building blocks of a language that your nervous system uses to create your experience of everything the things that make you strong the things that make you weak the things that pull you back the things that give you resources are made of this set of building blocks now. NLP calls them submodalities okay. In.

NLP. I always this is a trick question and. I love getting the answers. So for those of you who really want to play what are thoughts made out of belief systems belief systems feelings feelings almost pictures and words pictures and words my.

Mastermind people are speaking up what are your what are your thoughts made out of what are the building blocks of thought emotions emotions emotional experience emotional experience. H. I love this part that's all really cool and you're not wrong you're not wrong. However on a functional level remember that your you the human nervous system is the largest single information most complex information processing n n work ever short of maybe the universe it's holographic and it's holistic the building blocks of your thoughts visual auditory kinesthetic old factory gustatory when you have a thought when you play a movie in your head you're having feelings of course.

But what's generating those feelings now visual auditory kinesthetic in. Factory and. NLP speak is known as modalities the five senses all of our experiences both inside our heads and our bodies and outside are built from your visual auditory kinesthetic old factory and gustatory d the order and sequence that we do these things inside our head in other words if. I'm going to decide how many um let me play with somebody.

Glenn sir real quick how did you decide to come here tonight pave me. I paid you what made you decide to come here tonight uh. I'm one of your biggest fans you're one of it wasn't exactly the answer. I was looking for was it something you saw something you heard something you felt what advertisement on on your meet up an advertisement on.

Meetup okay. So you read something. I did and after you read what did you do. Next.

I asked if. I could come made a reservation he read asked if he could come made a reservation. So he read he asked he made visual auditory kinesthetic the order and sequence of the visual auditory and kinesthetic links in the chain generate our behaviors now here's one thing we all understand and why we're spending. So we're going to spend.

So much time tonight on your bodies. NLP strategies and principles tell us that all decision strategies which is what this is by the way each and everything you decide to do has a sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory data now the order and sequence in which those happen how many times he gave me a very eloquent strategy he had one visual one auditory one kinesthetic some people may have three visuals an auditory and a kinesthetic they have three visuals in a kinesthetic each of you are going to use that system differently does that make sense okay. We're not going to get too deep into that because we could spend hours just talking about the theory and you wouldn't actually be able to do anything tonight my goal is to give you some stuff that you can go out tonight and start putting into practice okay. I'm going to share with you a technique tonight that if you use it you will all automatically communicate with everyone you meet in their exact strategy you will automatically connect to their deepest most powerful emotional reasons for doing anything and you'll be able to link it to whatever you want to get them to do whatever you want would that be useful abely this means yes.

This means no. By the way the more energy. I get the more energy. I give just saying there's lots of candy and chocolate and sugar back there eat as much as humanly possible because if you don't.

I will and. I really need to stand in my thong right. That's. So you went there didn't you just shrink that out and put it behind you all right.

So visual auditory kinesthetic old factory this the language of the senses now once you understand this you will hear this everywhere you go if you decide to do the one thing that will unlock the universe for you pay attention which is a very hard thing to ask people because the natural default state of the average human being is the drone zone robotic. Consciousness okay. I used to make a joke many years ago uh based on. Neuroscience based on social psychology they took.

A bunch of college sophomores and they wanted to test you know how do people respond to deep thinking right. What's the effect that goes on here right. So they took. These college sophomores cuz there are some things that white rats just won't do.

But a college sophomore will if you just buy them enough beer and. So they had these kids engage in deep analytical thinking calculus you know problem solving stuff like that and they had them hooked up to these these machines eegs you know and they took. Readings. Then they took.

These same kids stuck their hands in a bucket of ice water and the readings were practically identical the conclusion was people respond to deep analytical thinking as they do to pain we run away from it you guys know you have three brains right. You have the reptile brain the. Mamon brain and the. Neo cortex should.

I go into that or should. I just keep going where. I'm going all right. First thing to understand just about the reptile brain runs towards pleasure away from pain right.

If your reptile brain decide makes a decision everything else follows regardless of what you consciously want this is why. I swear a lot and make really sexy nasty jokes because every time time. I go there your reptile brain goes what and. I get 20 more minutes of attention.

Okay. I lit all. I literally have to say to get your attention is sex and. I get 20 more minutes of attention marketers know this they know that the minute they can attach anything to the the stimulations behind your reptile brain everything else will check out okay.

Now anybody know who. Paul. Ean is okay. If you don't uh how many here have heard of a show called lie to me if you were here.

Last month. I did a workshop on lie detection and. I referenced his work very very heavily why is this important we have this thing this phenomena in our systems known as the emotional refractory period okay. Your unconscious mind does not need your permission to do anything you do not get a two-minute warning that you're about to have an emotional shift okay.

All emotional shifts all emotions are trans. States okay. When you think of trans it's not just playing with the kids in the backyard it's not just some hypnotist swinging a watch at you any significant emotional shift overrides the critical factor of the conscious mind it tweaks your perceptions and it makes you do what the reptile wants okay. Not.

NLP per se. But it's what's driving the bus. So the sooner you learn about that and sooner you become aware it the more control you have over it right. Most of you are here because you want to take the randomness out of your life would that not be true or not would that be true or not true you want to have more control you want to have more.

Choice more freedom right. We need to understand this because there are many well-paid highly funded agencies out there with a vested interest in tweaking you in the reptile brain in the direction they want you to go the other side of that coin is something called the emotional refractory period when you have an emotional shift your nervous system systematically without your permission without your consent in the blink of an eye tweaks what you consciously pay attention to how many people here have ever been in an argument with somebody now if anybody's not raised in their hand. I'm gonna call on you real quick right. But here let me see if how many people had this experience how many people have ever been in an argument with somebody you go through that whole argument process you finish the argument you think it's resolved and for the.

Next 15 20 minutes any you say pisses them off again and you keep saying. I'm sorry honey. I'm sorry right. What happened there whenever you have an emotional shift those emotions are like little life forms metaphorically.

But what happens is they have a lifespan and like any living creature they seek to go on for as long as it can. So what will happen because the nervous system is always seeking to stay in the the same state that it's in that's the whole thing it's designed to seek homeostasis if it goes up to a higher level of arousal it will want to maintain that level of arousal until the fuel runs out. So what it will do is it will tweak your perceptual faculties it'll change what you consciously pay attention to and it'll focus on anything in your environment or the con or the people in it that reactivate or re-trigger the state okay. Now that becomes exceptionally useful full if you're doing any kind of at high level persuasion and influence because that means if.

I can change how your body feels. I will change how you perceive everything else okay. NLP says all convincer strategies which is how many times he has to run through that sequence of of visual auditory and kinesthetics how many times he have to run through it before the the the system actually acts on it right. If all if all convincer strategies end with a with a.

Feeling. Why not start there why not just start generating feelings in the body either in oursel or in others. So that they're automatically predisposed to doing what we want them to do. Anyway right.

Most of you are here because they have feelings in your body you want to change true or not true huh you don't you're not here because there's a picture in your head you want to change right. There's a feeling. AKA crappy somewhere in your body you don't want there anymore that's what motivated you that's what brought you out here wasn't the picture wasn't the voice in your head it was the way the picture or the voice made you feel right. So let's start playing with that let's learn how we generate feelings in the body which brings us to the.

Next level of vak the order and sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic processes we engage gives us the behavior it generates a set of. States. However let me rewrite this. So it's a little bit more legible can.

I you quick question no. You can't go ahead. Ken what do you want based on. I mean talking about those five factors is there potentially like the universe discovering new planets maybe some other senses like you know somebody staring at you from behind is there literally that's appropriate exception and and and just combine my question um if somebody loses one of those senses or two as far as compensation is there a stasis body's driving for and um and and number three and it's all about what you're talking about.

So one answer good um. I. I've noticed something incredible with people who are de particularly there's some kind of allegiance to their deafness where they really own it and even given a chance of getting it hearing restored they really have this allegiance to each other very compartmentalized in the universe. I don't even understand what that's about they really.

I don't say they have an attitude. But they really are different than a feel other people it's because they've identified with the condition they've moved it they've moved it. But. First of all subjectively they've moved it from something they have to something they are that's one part of the puzzle another part of it is do you guys ever wonder why your.

Daydreams are. So damn compelling you ever wonder even the even the mundane ones because most of us spend the vast majority of our day in our heads the only way that we ever get drawn out of our heads is when our senses are engaged the fewer senses that are engaged the more internal we tend to get it doesn't mean our senses won't compensate right. But as we lose modalities we start relying more and more on our internal experience and it's kind of like a drug. So one of the cool things about trance is that most of them feel really fraking good right.

And that's one of the cool things. But we have to remember we spend the vast majority of our time in our heads not out in the world in fact when you are completely out in the world most of your goes away being a technical term mind you secret hypnotic influence techniques right. But literally if you were to completely become external in other words just completely in the moment you wouldn't have any problems the mindfulness in some cases yeah. Zen where they they're telling you just be in the moment be external in everything your goes away because you can't think about it you can't replay the movies it's the movies in our head that cause us to feel crap which brings us to the.

Next segment crap being a technical term which. I haven't figured out a cool acronym yet for. But it's the sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic old factory and gustatory sequences that we run through these aren this is not metaphysics by the way this is neurology this is just how you work by the way one of the reasons that all this stuff generates things simultaneously is because the places in the brain where these processes are run overlap by about 40%. So you're not ever activating just one cortex you're activating multiples okay.

But it's the sequence that gives us. Behavior you know there's the part of us that we run through a sequence we see the ice cream and we go and there's this little. Geral on a treadmill running through that process over and over and over again and all of a sudden it hits its reps and all. Mr hogen is to the rescue.

But within each of these categories are sub elements now remember when. I had you pull up your picture had you trace the edges of it right. Do that again. Reach.

Out touch your picture put your hand smack dab in the middle of it notice where you feel it take the edges of it grab it cut it in half oh they hate that crap now put it back to its normal size cool now if it's a still picture make it a movie if it's fuzzy sharpen the. Focus right. Cool now for those of you who really want to rush make it. IMAX big there you go careful he might need a shower after this now you can leave it there if you want.

But. I we've done enough of what. I need to do right. Now okay.

So color motion. Focus. Clarity right. Black and white these are all sub elements of that modality they're the building blocks of a visual experience it's these elements location that determine experience it's notice at no.

Point that. I ask you what the story was going on in your picture. I don't need to know. I didn't ask you to edit the story.

I had you edit the structure rure that that story was built out of when you change the structure you change the experience take your picture yes. Also the. AL story yes. And.

Then you yes. And in in some cases like in in traditional hypnotherapy we're going to go back and we're going to change the story we're going to change what happened right. The problem many times with hypnotherapy with a hypnotherapeutic intervention is it is or actually actually with an. NLP style intervention is that if there's an emotional charge connected to the event and that uh and there's a lesson or a reason that the unconscious mind wants to hold on to that experience like there's a lesson it learned and it's afraid if it let's go that lesson it'll happen again they won't go fully through the.

NLP process it's not that the. NLP process won't work it's that the person. Won't. Let themsel.

Go fully into it remember. I said there's three things you basically need to make this work absorption focus and compliance if you don't do the work if you don't do the the process in a state of absorption and focus you don't get the degree of change that you want. So this is why it's very important to be playful seriousness is a mind killer it really is the more playful you become the faster you change okay. In fact um when.

I was teaching out in in. Las. Vegas. Last weekend um.

I did a two-day course on sensal enhancement and. I just finished uh a two-day course on personal transformation self-mastery secrets the. First hour and a. First two hours of that of that process this weekend was all on just generating pleasure for no.

Reason generating intense pleasure. States in your body why because when you generate intense pleasure now pleasure doesn't have to be orgasm which is what a lot of you thinking it can be intense. Joy any ecstatic state for a long enough period of time will cause the body to secrete a neurotransmitter known as oxytocin oxytocin some of the you know is the cuddle hormone it's the one that that plays a big role in pair bonding nurturing it's also the primary mediator in trust it's also the primary mediator in sexual fetishes and some addiction processes it's extremely powerful because it can literally create what we call neuroplasticity it makes your nervous system easier to change it will take established neurological. Pathways in your body and soften them up.

So it's it's easier to change behaviors it's easier to install new programs now most people take a remedial approach they they're going to go and fix what's broken and. So they're going to. Target pain which is all right. It's a traditional approach.

But how many people here would like to just be able to just anytime they wanted in the privacy of their own mind body or room or whatever just have a a 20-minute orgasm for no. Freaking reason okay. The rest of you are lying because we're star for that kind of pleasure all right. How many can.

I again not viola privacy. But how many can just feel good for no. Reason just by by making decision without doing any kind of mental you know digital stimulation or anything like that. But just go into intense pleasure.

States is that like a trigger would you like to would you like to feel amazing y this means yes. This means no. It's a test okay. Okay.

If you're if you're good okay. But let's understand this the sequence of the visual auditori aesthetic generates. Behavior the building blocks of those modalities generate the experience take your picture of that thing you really enjoyed turn it black and white notice what happens that was a buzz kill okay. Now make it high deaf now wrap it around you like a big.

Beach. Blanket notice what happens to the feelings in your body this is what. Richard would call the study of superior thinking right. I didn't tell you what to feel you change you all did a generic process and had a similar result your nervous system has two sets of code inside of it it has a code that's passed on because you're a human being with a pulse and it has a coding system that is unique to you for instance think of something that happened a year ago.

Reach. Out. And. Touch it.

I don't care if it's positive or negative. I like to work with positive. States. First.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It now think of something that happened. Last year or two years ago. Reach. Out.

And. Touch that think of something that happened yesterday. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it now you can't see from my perspective. But you're all pointing in different locations and especially in relation to those different experiences that's how your nervous system codes your experience of time it's the filing system where your nervous system puts those incomplete photographs whenever you go into an experience whereever you have an experience anybody here ever have familiar feelings in an unfamiliar situation how does that work because there's this little. I call it the bouncer at the gate thing the.

Little. Guardian at the gate every time a communication comes in there's this little guy at the front says you can't come in maybe. I get a message that says. David is a flaming.

Butthead arguably true he goes hey. David ever been a flaming. Butthead and there's this little guy in the records room going hey. David a flaming.

Butthead let me check yes. David has in fact been a flaming butt head go on in right. That bouncer is your critical factor it's the part of you that analyzes judges decides if what's in there matches what's coming out what's coming from the outside it goes in it's not challenged it a in a situation it's going to ask well this happened what do we do about it we did this we'll do that again. So if you're going to default to this process.

Anyway why not put stuff back there that makes your life better why not put stuff back there that gives you the resources the responses that you want to have instead of what was put there by default would that be cool right. Yes. Okay. I'm ready to answer your original question uhhuh what do.

I want to get from this uhhuh um yay because um uh us can generate a good feeling out of nowhere and yet frequently and and we all know sometimes thoughts feelings whatever are contagious some someone will respond the way you actually would like them to when you're happy sure there's another potential response where whether your actual my actual happiness might for whatever reason be uh overly challenging to another person's sense of self and they they want to stop that sure making that uh ability to generate a a good feeling more make that the more effectively contagious effect in yourself or others in others okay. So that. So that they can help me to enhance this okay. Excellent.

State excellent now that brings us to something else we need to understand you can sum it up like this every one of us are the same or every one of us is different. But not that much okay. But it's the differences that are important what this gentleman is talking about is if. I generate a positive powerful state in me and my and and the other people's propri exception starts to pick it up and it's too overwhelming for them right.

How do what how do. I deal with that what do. I do about it a. First of all you have to have the sense of acity to realize that's what's happening.

Then you have to decide to do something about it actually. First you have to decide if it's worth your while to do something about it. I'm presupposing that you decide that it's worth doing something about right. Okay.

There's actually a lot of. Neuroscience behind this okay. There's a there's a really drawn out study that. I could get into.

But we wouldn't get anything really done. But the bot line is is you have to find out a decide if it's worth your while to try and bring this person up to where you're at okay. That include that that uh involves dealing with their sense of personal autonomy there will be people who just don't like the way you look. Because you remind them of somebody else and they're not even conscious of it and when that happens it will trigger a whole set of filters below the threshold of conscious awareness that they won't even realize most of us guys most of you ladies who's ever had a guy who just wasn't into you for some reason that's usually what happened you reminded him of somebody else and it created a different set of filters okay.

I teach a lot of. Attraction skills by the way that's probably one of that's where. I started when. I started out as.

Darth. Snider. I used to uh teach people how to how to create very powerful romantic connections with people one of the things you need to understand is you know women have have issues where guys are just not attracted they try everything whereas any other guy in the world is just lined up for them. But the one they want won't why because there's some kind of a process or there's some kind of a template that they're triggering that creates a different set of behaviors and responses now if you understand how this grid thing.

I'm telling you. I call this the grid by the way right. It's a spatial it's a spatial filing cabinet everything we do everything we experience is locked in this filing cabinet around our bodies when people make gestures when they talk about things these aren't random it's your nervous system reaching out and access just like when. I had you reach out and touch the picture and feel it where it was in your body.

I'm actually doing something we. I'm teaching you to do something consciously that we do unconsciously. So when you people you see people gesturing with their hands and they're moving all over the place they're not random they're not random you want to create a deeper sense of connection a deeper sense of. Rapport when you speak do their gesture because their nervous system clearly understands what that gesture means it has neurological significance to them there is no.

Translation necessary one of the things that happens we move through the world with this little template in our heads of what constitutes the perfect anything in in a romance or dating context every woman in the world everyone. I don't care how evolved how iridite academic established they are every woman on the planet is moving through the world with a little checklist in their head that constitutes the ideal lover and the ideal kiss and the ideal touch at the ideal time and the ideal. Place guys don't you be laughing you got one too it's just yours is a lot simpler all right. Guys we kind of ours kind of works like this right.

Ladies have this computer algorithm that just. But here's the. Beauty and the. Simplicity of the system both sides have this projection process going on we're moving through the world projecting the.

Right. Touch the right. Kiss the right. Everything onto everyone around us and we're looking for the person that fits and for most of us that's like well how do.

I do that pay attention because we instinctively human beings we in instinctively do to everyone around us what we want done to us. So look. You guys you want to create deeper trust intimacy and connection with a partner pay. ATT don't pay attention to how you're kissing her pay attention now she's kissing you and give it back to her that way ladies quick question if you met a guy who could touch you in exactly the right.

Place at exactly the right. Time in exactly the way you've always fantasized about it without you having to tell him if he could kiss you exactly the way you've always fantasized about and give you everything you wanted in a way that you recognized that you were getting it what would you do for that guy look. At every female face in this room right. Now cuz they're all right.

There they all just went there even the married ones why because we all move through the world with these photographs and these checklists and we're looking for a match the problem is is that we're. So wrapped up in our own projection our own photograph that we don't realize other people don't have the same one and we make them wrong when they don't match. So that technique. I told you about goes back to your question goes back to what.

I alluded with a way to talk to people in such a way that they you immediately go through all of their n their their. NLP style processes and connect directly to their emotions just give them the exact words that come out of their mouth in the odor and sequence that they came out instant connection take that from a linguistic interaction to a physical one and you know exactly how to please your partner anytime anywhere right. Away. But it takes a certain thing called attention you need to get out of your head into the world and pay attention to what the people you're interacting with are actually doing the words that come out where they gesture where when they if in a romantic context when they touch you where how just do that and.

Magic happens now. Mike's hiding in the back. I don't know if he'd be willing to he actually didn't believe me when. I taught him this could you would you be willing to share what happened when you actually did this on a date.

I know it was a long time ago and you have several dates since. Then do you remember. I don't think about it all right. You think about it we'll come back.

I have a question yes. How are you connecting with us if you can't imitate us because we're just like sitting here like this. So how are you like. I cheat.

But you can't. I can keep your attention. I can talk to you in ways that your unconscious and conscious. Minds both line up and want to pay attention right.

I'm talking to you about the most important thing in the world what you want and. I have your attention don't. I because each and every one of you came here because there was something you wanted less of something you wanted more of and you know what those are. So as you begin as.

I begin as. I continue to speak. You're automatically taking the words and the processes. I'm giving you and applying them to how it's going to help you get what you came here for.

I don't need to know why you came here because you do. But when. I speak. I speak to the greatest common denominator of all of you what it is you want or don't want and how do you build those experiences can.

I get much more detailed and focused absolutely. But. Then. I start would.

Then. I start excluding people from. The. Experience my goal here is to a let you understand a little bit about how you really work the things.

I'm teaching you the things. I'm sharing with you are going on all the time they're secretly running your life without your permission and without your consent okay. Are you being new when you're doing that it's not like 101 let's say you win the the deal you close it and the relationship goes on you actually become yourself again the woman is really looking to somebody comfortable in your well that's a problem isn't it because now we run into ethical considerations right. Everything.

I do is powerful and it's practically irresistible okay. It truly is when when you do things this way now it's actually when remember. I say it's practically irresistible there's a little voice back everybody said it you you ain't going to do that to me. I can resist it no.

You can't because you can only resist what you're aware of okay. There's two ways to defend against these skills skills once you understand them a have an outcome that is diametrically opposed to the things. I'm saying and irrationally hold on to it like you know the. Mormons at the door you know the uh the people with the white shirts and the black ties that keep showing up right.

And no. Matter how much you give them the facts they don't care right. That's irrationally which by the way we're all irrational creatures. So stop thinking that you make all your decisions based on logic you don't you make decisions based on feelings and.

Then your neocortex tweaks the facts. So that you only pay attention to the stuff that supports your decision that's how we work. So anytime any guy who's ever tried to like give a woman the all the logical reasons why she should go out with him no. Wrong idea ladies are like ladies it's for the ladies all it's about is how you make them feel now that being said gentlemen when you go to look.

At their dating profile remember one thing they're all lying because you look. At their profile and they say. I want a guy who's courteous kind obedient cheerful. Thrifty.

Brave clean and rant and must love dogs and funny and funny right. And you say well. I'm courteous coy. C whatever.

I just said right. And you write all these things back and you never hear anything back or maybe you do you go out in the. First date and you never hear from again. I wonder why because you answered the wrong question you didn't answer the unspoken one.

Cindy loer said it best all the things on their profile are things that become considerations after you've met one criteria fun are you fun to be with if the woman's not having a good time with you it doesn't matter how trustworthy you are because the best you're going to get is the friend zone okay. So yes. Those things are important. But you have to make sure that they're having a good time that they like the experiences that you're giving them once you've satisfied that and that's.

Universal enough anybody here want to date somebody that's a bummer think about it. But we. But the minute we get to these dating profiles we start giving the laundry list of our qualifications it's like a freaking job interview right. Tell jokes make them laugh if you tell jokes through your.

Communications and they don't answer you do you really want to be with someone like that focus on the fun everything else will take care of itself usually if you can pay attention to them at the level. I'm talking about they will literally man male to female female to female male to male doesn't really matter this is a process that's. Universal for all of us we instinctively do on to the people around us the what and how we want it done to us okay. Now when you understand that process and you have what.

NLP calls behavioral flexibility that's the ability to change what you're doing as the situation demands in other words if. I'm paying attention to. Steven and. I'm eliciting what's emotionally important to him physically important to him in a certain context and.

I'm changing my communication in such a way that he links what's most important to him to what. I'm giving him right. My ability to do that well is based on my willingness to change what. I would naturally do that's effort okay.

But desirable skill right. Because not everybody that you meet is going to have the same values the same emotional building blocks that you have and if you want to be effective with those people trying to convince them why they should believe in what you're saying and why they should believe in what you're saying is only going to get you thrown out of the office the bedroom the classroom and all other rooms in between. So the ability to change what you do to match the person you're dealing with that's the key skill. NLP calls that the law of requisite variety the part of any system with the most flexibility the ability to change and adapt as the situation demands will eventually control the system it's just that simple okay.

Your ability to change and adapt your internal environment will give you the greatest degree of control over your own mind and body inside is outside right. So when you have a spouse or you're in a relationship pay attention to what's important to them to not just to what they say although that's definitely important. But how do they do what they do one of the biggest problems that we have since since we going in a relationship. Direction one of the biggest problems that we have in relationships is what we call criteria and value mismatch for those of you who don't know what criteria and value mean think of it as emotional hot buttons we all have a sense of identity we all have a set of templates or checklists inside that constitute what's right.

And natural in our world how we how we know we're getting the ideal anything. So there's two aspects to that there's the label and the feeling that we get and. Then there's the checklist the set of criteria that have to be met that generates that feeling that we associate with that label does that make sense classic classic. Criterion we call a rules mismatch two people are in a relationship and how many people here would say that respect is important in a relationship it is probably one of the most important and.

I can tell you horror stories right. However everybody would agree that respect is important it may not be your. Top. Value.

But it's probably up there right. So the question becomes how do you know when you're being respected ah let's say person a their their value or criteria for respect their checklist is. I know that you respect me when you take my feelings into account and you say things in such a way that you get your point across without hurting my feelings okay. Seems pretty respectful right.

Excuse me that's just what you just said. I think in the guy's point of view which you bring up a lot is for him to even know what our feelings are well because we're. So freaking self-absorbed it's ridiculous right. Like.

I just taught a. I just taught a class on. Erotic. Hypnosis and sensuality enhancement.

I had to tell my guys. First thing was you got to remember something when it comes to giving women fantasies it's not about giving them the fantasy you want them to have it's about giving them the fantasy they want right. It's about you you giving to them. First in a way that they know they're getting it we're right.

Back to this this whole thing okay. The other side of the respect equation is more of a masculine approach. But. I know a lot of women who are this way too.

So believe me. I'm bagging on both genders right. We we manipulate each other get over it all right. Person.

B says. I know you respect me when you tell me the freaking truth you don't worry about whether it's going to hurt my feelings you tell me what. I need to know because you feel. I need to know it now what do you think's going to happen when these two have a discussion all right.

Within 10 minutes they're arguing and yelling at each other and each one is claiming the other person doesn't respect them this person isn't getting to the point from this person's perspective and this person just being mean and yet on a values level on a label level they're doing the same thing. So it's vitally important in any context not only do we have to establish what's the value what's the emotional feeling that we're generating. But how do we know we're getting it how many people here came because they wanted to learn about the secret strategies for goal setting and stuff like that one whole person two whole people okay. How many people rather hear more about relationships guess what it's the same right.

Okay. The way you evalue you have to one of the. First things you need to understand is you have to know what you want okay. You have to.

State it in sensory based language you got to know what when when you have it what will you see what will you hear what will you feel what will you taste what will you smell okay. That list creates your checklist what conditions have to be met for you to know that you're getting it using this language is it completely under your control if your whole business strategy is based on. Obama winning another term in office probably not a good outcome not a what. NLP would call a well-formed strategy right.

Because it's not entirely under your control. So the events and the goals and the outcomes that you set whether it's in a relationship or it's in a business context a goal versus a. Direction has to be mostly under your control right. Things that you can manage manage and measure does that make sense okay.

So again outcomes you always got to start with what you want not what you don't want. I have a. I have a wonderful wife who is a expert always telling me what she doesn't want six hours. Later.

I'm still trying to figure out what she does right. What do you want where do you want to go to eat well. I don't want. Italian or they or you get the old default whatever you want is fine.

So. I want to go e to. McDonald's. I don't want to go to.

McDonald's oh how about. Burger. King no. I don't want to go to.

Burger kinge okay. Right. So when we. State something when we stay what we want or what our outcome is it has to be stated in a positive in other words what will.

I what is it. I want it's like. I don't want to lose. I don't want to gain weight that's not a good outcome for a bunch of different reasons okay.

I want to be less. I want to be a non-smoker. I want to be rich well how rich specifically right. How will you know can you actually look.

At your bank account and see how your your your account numbers are changing that's measurable right. Sensory based language if it's just some vague idea in your head you're probably not going to get it okay. This is what we want to talk we talk about well-formed outcomes. I don't want to overload you with all the different minutia.

But these are the primary things you want to know what's the criteria and value what are the values that these things are satisfying emotionally for me because that's going to be your reason for carrying them out right. You all had something in mind when you came out here tonight that you wanted right. And. I want you to top for stop for a moment and think about what's important about that to you and as you think about what's important about that thing.

I want you to ask yourself another question what's important about that and what's important ultimately about that what do you have what will it do for you and notice that the close the more. More. You. Dig.

Down the more emotional you tend to become when you tap into somebody's emotions that way and you keep them connected emotionally to what's coming out of your mouth they will link those and they will tend to want to do what you ask them to do out of default fastest way to do that give them their own words back the exact words in the order and sequence that come out of their mouth are the fastest way to activate all of these processes in salesman language is that called mirroring it's it well mirroring comes from. NLP which ultimately comes from some. Eric. Sony.

But mirroring yes. But it's we call it the echo because a lot of people do when we when we work with these skills is we start talking about uh what's that word. I'm looking for reflective listening right. They confused echoing with reflective listening bad idea bad idea because if somebody says um.

I'm afraid of flying and. I say oh. So you have a problem with airplanes no. I'm afraid of flying right.

The moment we paraphrase we use different words to describe their experience we run the risk of triggering associations that aren't connected. So they go off in a completely different direction they feel the the effort that they have to put and to understand what we're saying goes up remember what. I said about people have the same response to analytical thought as they do to pain well the more a person has to figure out what you mean the harder they have to work the harder they have to work the more pain they feel and they'll stop when you give somebody back their own touch their own words in the order and sequence that comes out of their mouth there's no. This translation they don't have to work to figure out if you're meaning the same thing trust deepens emotions are activated and they're looking at you when those feelings come up.

So guess who they get linked to get it now that's a that's a tremendous power to have over another human being here's the rub you can in fact use that process to make people do things that are not in their best interests. However if you do that they will move. Heaven and. Earth to get payback all right.

What. I'm teaching you is powerful damn near irresistible and if used properly it is the most honest open and ethical way to persuade and interact and create relationships with people because you can't when. I was talking about all the things you wanted and. Then what was important about that and what was important about that how many started to feel good good right.

Who are you looking at you it's part of my evil plan right. If you just move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good with a gender or without they will just give you stuff they will just do stuff for you you don't got to lie you don't got to trick people you just find out what people want and give it to them in a way way that they know they're getting it that's part of what. NLP is all about it's learning to get out of our own head in terms of communication and into the other person. So that we can give them what they want in the easiest fastest most acceptable way to them in terms of ourselves it's about understanding how we do things on the inside because how we do things on the inside creates change on the outside okay.

Your nervous system the single most powerful information processing. Network that exists one of its prime directives is to seek out and make your external reality in compliance with your internal one there's a story that is banded around a lot in hypnosis and. NLP circles that says when the when the. Explorers.

First came to the new world everybody got this by the way we're going to play with it in a couple minutes okay. By the way you guys need a pot break go to the potty we'll take 7. Minutes come on back drink coffee eat lots of chocolate get as much oxytocin into your system we're going to come back we're going to feel good for no. Reason and.

Then we're going to start making some changes okay. Come out of. Trance. I'm just thinking about some things you said you have any questions let me know that's what.

I'm here for they're lining up for the chocolate. I like that. Mr. Ken hey how are you how are you brother.

So that big 400 $500,000. Vegas. F. I'm sorry that 400 500 hypnotist that was a seating enjoyment oxy hell yeah yeah that sounds very cool yeah we did we just did we just finished it today and the.

First three hours. I don't know well. I. I announced them at the meetups.

But unless never heard that one that would have my eyes. Well you don't want. I hand out the sheets that say like the self-mastery supercharger or really. I thought that was all.

I didn't get that. I didn't get it. I already asked you about the certification and that's in. October we'll talk about that tonight right.

Right. So. I'm obviously ke in on all this stuff and we and we both know that his old triggers yeah. I know oh.

I know anytime we're going to play with that soon we're we're going to get these guys feeling good final thing is that um he giving us some nuclear stuff here people don't know you start nring people and stuff that can change the de is that person will feel betrayed and that's where people will die over this this is this is atomic stuff. I know. I know you know they don't know. I need to get out of my we all do that's the pro that's a big challenge start with start with understanding it start with it start with understanding it yes.

I had a question. I forgot it'll come back there it is it'll come back okay. Come back come back spull back. I forgot now okay.

Talking about getting out of your own head okay. I got to get out of my own head. But. Then where do.

I find my question where do you find it. First impression point to it trace the edges of it grab it with your hands now open it up. So you can read it. I don't have it okay.

It's coming back coming back maybe somebody else can't remember what's happening is you're making it too close. So you can't see it. So it's big now just tell. CH comes into.

Focus just like that go with your of focus. I got an idea of what it was just let it happen it's going to happen. I'll remember it. I'll remember you talked earlier about how to figure out people.

I just told you that. So we're just going to. Echo yeah pay attention to what they do okay. Based off of the order of some of this stuff well again this is these are the building blocks of thought and communication okay.

The sequence gives you. Behavior the building blocks of the the the sense give you the code that's used to create experience okay. But how do you determine that with somebody else listen to the words that come out of their mouth because they will talk the person's language is a direct mirror of their thought process. So the order and sequence of the words the types of descriptors they use will give you a direct picture of how they do it in their head can you give an example yeah things are looking up okay.

So both visual. Visual and it's up there which means they looking. I. I don't.

I. I can't tune into what they're saying. AUD auditory right. That smells right.

The situation stinks. So based off of that. Then you. Then adjust your to direct they're telling you this the descriptors they use are a direct map of the cortical.

Connections in their brain that are firing to generate the experience and the thought thought process difference of somebody saying do you hear what. I'm saying do you see what. I'm saying yeah and here's here's the rub. I went kinesthetic on you right.

If. I'm saying do you see what. I'm saying and the person says. I hear you that change in modalities creates a level of of friction between.

But they can translate it because we all have the same modalities. But it's more effort read no. We're all them one is well we tend to have one that's primary or one that we prefer. But we use them all and that's that.

But a lot of npers say well. I'm a visual. So this is how it is for me no. It's not how it is for you or sometimes they have a lead and.

Then a preferred. So they'll lead with an auditory. But maybe they're. So they'll start with let me think about let me talk to myself about that from.

Then all of a sudden they'll start processing visually. But that's a different that's a different level of complexity you're not going to be able to do that in a field not without training my. St my goal here is to give you some seriously powerful stuff that's field applicable. So when you start working with people in terms of of using their eyes.

To figure out how they're thinking here's here's something the. NLP is not going to tell you people tend to store all their positive experiences above the horizontal plane of the eyes. They tend to store things that are less than positive below the horizontal plane of the eyes. So when you see somebody and you want somebody to to feel good about something if you hold it above the horizontal plane of the eyes.

They will tend to view it with a better disposition than if you hold it below as a rule all of our posit all of our negative is always down here whenever you have somebody access a feeling. State that's negative it's always down it's never up it's never in here it's always down. So the thing we want to know is are they are they and we can go into are they do visual auditory or they visual remembered are they making pictures in their head or are they remembering a picture for most people. I don't know what your level of training is.

But for most people that's too much it's too much to track simultaneously. So you start with very very gross things that you can track very very easily get really really proficient at it and. Then as that goes into your unconscious competence level where you can just think about it and utilize it now you add other bells and whistles. I watched one of your seminars on.

YouTube. M and. Then. I tried to and it was like.

I. I just wasn't able to what were you trying to do. I was trying to you know listen and try and reate their words to them and stuff. But it didn't feel natural no.

It won't because it's not your words right. It will never feel natural almost a game that. I'm like playing with them what's your intent is your intent to make fun of them or to to to take advantage of them no. What's your intent know them to get to know them.

So here's the rule if. I'm talking to. Oscar and. Oscar is not a native.

English speaker right. If. I want to speak with. Oscar the easiest thing for me to do is speak to him in his own language is that natural for me absolutely not that's where the problem with behavioral flexibility comes in we are.

So used to doing it our way all the time by default that the moment we engage somebody in their own systems it feels alien it feels like somebody else is shoes right. What makes what makes what you're doing sincere versus a game is what is your intention is my intention to create deeper intimacy connection and trust with you or is it to get over on you is it to make fun of you is to just pull a trick on you right. If all. I'm trying to do is some linguistic trick that.

I was taught to get over on somebody. Then that in congruity that that inauthenticity is going to shine through. But if. I have a sincere desire to want to connect with with you and do things the way you do it and.

I'm going out of my way to make sure that my language is going to you in a way that you can get the full experience of it. Then there's nothing wrong about that yes. It's going to be more effort on my part. But it's going to be wonderful for you.

But. Then after you've got that down. Then you can be it's easier your own natural way of doing it will always be easier it's like once you you whatever your native language is no. Matter how many languages you learn your native language is always home right.

But as you get more fluent in those processes from those other languages and you develop those cortical. Pathways. Then it becomes less alien right. Does that make sense and that's the same thing whether you we're talking about.

Spanish versus. English versus. French or we're talking about auditory versus visual versus kinesthetic versus a value like. Freedom or or respect we're talking about the same process anytime you can match a person's world and the map of reality that they have and give it to them in a way that they know they're getting it the connection deepens okay.

And that's what we're going for here and we want to do the same thing in our own head as well yeah sure you going to give an example of that cuz. I'm. I mean it's all very theoretical what you're saying it's all very theoretical and uh okay. Look.

What just happened you see the see the emotional response all. I did was give him the exact words back and he felt understood now he wants to elaborate which is what happens when they get their own words back they want to start expanding on it and. I'm not doing it to make fun of you you ask for an example that's how fast and how natural it can be right. And.

I. I've actually had people that. I've actually had to do this to them for like five or 10 minutes straight where. I'm literally for just five or five or 10 minutes giving them their very own words back to them and every time.

I do they expound more on what they just said okay. So that's the verbal how would that how would you what would be an example of kinesthetic echoing will will be an example of kinesthetic echoing yeah like what. I'm [Music] doing yeah because. I.

I. I matched your your your. I matched what you did with your arms that's called crossover. M matching or mirroring.

I can take as big a picture or as little a picture as. I want and. I can. I can do what.

NLP likes to call pacing. I can match your gestures. I can match your tonality. I can match how you're tilting your head.

I can match all of these things while. I'm speaking and it comes in through the back door it it's signal sameness to the person that's that you're doing it to okay. As long as you don't blatantly call attention to yourself and even. Then it'll still work right.

But the whole idea is when. I'm talking to you. I want to become as much like you as. I.

I want to get as you know. I want to talk to you at the same level. I want to match your gestures. I want to match as much of you as.

I can because the more more of that. I do the more s more sameness our nervous systems interpret the more trust and. Rapport we generate and what happens is the more. Rapport you have with another human being the less they analyze what you're saying and the more rapidly they just tend to go deeply into trance and follow along cuz.

Rapport is really just a trance does that make sense yeah. So what did. I do there down on his. I looked him right.

In the eyes. Tilted my head the same way and. I just talked to him from the heart. I didn't try to pull a trick on him my intention was to connect to your to you in a way that you understood what.

I was trying to get across it was nothing manipul it was manipulative. But it wasn't unethical it was a desperate it didn't feel une ethical. Anyway. I wouldn't.

I wouldn't consider it. I would consider it more speaking speaking the same language speaking the same language exactly same language and and and and becoming more familiar becoming more uh less threatening less threatening and. Then is that an important skill to have becoming like what was the. First word before you said less threatening what did you say more familiar more familiar and less threatening right.

And when you have that when you know that someone is familiar they become a lot less threatening don't they. I think a lot of it is probably stuff we do intuitively without recognizing without the right. This stuff we do in and we often don't recognize it right. What did.

I just do mirror back how did it feel um it's hard to say he's smiling right. That. Observer is there did you see the did did you see the flutter in his eyes. Every time.

I hit. IIT an emotion word on him okay. Because that's how he does it. I'm not doing it to make fun of him.

But. I. I want to. I'm demonstrating and he's parsing for it he knows.

I'm doing this right. Imagine what happens when they don't know what's going on right. But this is how you build that connection how you create that sense of familiarity and you you you diminish that sense of threatened feeling threatened or being threatening to another human being there are certain cues and certain processes that every human being is hardwired to go through and we're going through the world looking for matches the minute we find one connection happens to the degree that we find it in other words we each have a checklist each time the checklists line up the barriers to intimacy drop trust grows the more we become the safer they feel right. That's just how we're wired that's a reptilian response right.

But in order to do that effectively in order to give people what they most want and need we have to get out of our head we have to move away from our checklist and pay attention to what they're communicating on a level that most people aren't used to paying attention to that's where the magic is that's where the effort is right. But once you can do it you can write your ticket in any part of your life don't you think sometimes. I mean way back when does that help you it does new. I.

I missed that let get these about being in the moment in the now and. I started practicing it and you're right. That's the magic yeah absolutely. But.

I think sometimes can freak people out you like really looking into their eyes. And really listening really. I think it can freak well again we have to make a distinction between connecting with someone with someone through their eyes. And having the serial killer stare yeah right.

And it's important it's it's a different energy right. It's a different energy all right. All right. Gentlemen ladies let's count our seats back it's time to feel fraking good for no.

Reason all right. Have you eaten enough chocolate no. No. Never never have enough chocolate oh thank you you saved me from myself you guys having a good time is this useful okay.

Now here's the thing. I want you to understand every memory every thought is recorded indelibly in your unconscious mind. But remember it's just a recording it's not the thing that happened that's a very important concept to get because if you're thinking about things in your past and they're making you feel shitty several things are going on one you're associating and assuming that the picture the movie you've made is the thing that's that's issue one the. Second issue is that you've coded it in such a way that every time you replay that you get those feelings everybody have something that's on a shittiness scale of.

Z to 10 0 to 10 0 to 10 is a 10. Reach. Out. And.

Touch it take your fingers trace the edges of it notice how fraking big it is notice where in your body you feel it make sure you got it stick your hand right. Smack dab in the middle of it put your up to your elbow and right. Being a technical term now here's what. I want you to do right.

Find the edges of it again now double the size oh right. Now put it back to its normal size now put it down to its half its size huh oh sorry that that felt good didn't it now take that picture put it behind you what just happened to the feeling guess what pretty much everything that makes you feel shitty is right. In front of you yeah. I'd just like you to comment on this you like me to comment okay.

Okay. You're handsome you're turning me on you stud you. I love it got to edit that out right. Go ahead you're working the right.

Button. Anyway uh um at. First the you said 10 the. S it was.

So vile. I didn't want to touch it at all. M when you asked me to diminish it or get rid of it. I didn't want to get rid of it oh come on up here this is cool now you did it.

Charles was just in my two how many people here were in my two-day intensive raise your hands real quick. Michael would would you mind sharing with the group kind of what you experienced in a in a brief snapshot brief okay. Um well basically biggest things. I was looking to accomplish was to quiet my brain quiet the mind and just gain.

Clarity um to give you a little idea of how difficult that is. I am highly rated for. PTSD combat tours. So uh yeah and.

Saturday was the left there with the best day. I felt in 20 some. OD years wow give him a big round of applause. Charles you're up brother you want to tell everybody kind of what you came into that day that two days with and what you left with yeah.

I came there with a lot of a isn't he a stud look. At those guns on him. I feel like it's uh from one to 10 10 from way back from. First year to 5 years of my life and.

I didn't know anything about it in the sense of how it influences me. But in those two days. I found out that a lot and. I got rid of it.

So you literally had like amnesia for a lot of things you couldn't remember and. Then you got. So when you challenged us now get your picture 10. I realized.

I don't have one just right. Now because. I. D that's what.

I want to hear he dumped him yesterday he dumped him yesterday give him a big round of applause they did the work. I just told them what to do they did the work okay. So they deserve the credit now you have something that on a shittin scale was a 10 you didn't even want to touch it right. Mhm.

But when you went to go away it's like. I don't want to get rid of it right. So here's what. I want you to do want you to trace the edges of it with your hand.

I don't want to. I don't say have to touch it just trace the edges of it right. Now you're probably too young to remember when. TVs actually had control knobs on them keep pushing my buttons again aren't you well.

I'm doing knobs right. Now. But here's what. I want you to.

I want you to put a big big thick black frame around that image. So you don't have to physically touch it you can just touch the frame that's right. Okay. Good now along the bottom of the frame.

I want you to notice that there's some little dials and knobs and switches and one controls the volume and. One controls the brightness and. One controls the vertical hold. One controls the contrast and what.

I want you to do is. I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness and. I want you to turn it all the way to the right. Until the screen completely whites out and.

Then. I want you to turn it all the way to the left till the screen completely blackens out and tell me which one feels better black okay. Excellent now in this finger. I want you to imagine that there's a golden.

Sharpie marker in here and across the screen. I want you to write every single lesson and thing that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lesson and let the rest go and the screen will scroll. So you can get as detailed as you want go just start writing doesn't matter if this seems real or is this this display okay.

But right. For real notice how your feeling starts to change that's good as soon as it goes notice how the screen starts to shrink down and imagine it floating up over your head you know the sound a nail gun makes when it. Nails something how's it feel definitely better. I'm having a hard time even finding the mhm.

I guess you're done give me a round of applause remember. I said you don't got to believe it you just got to do it the change work. I do is far too important to be left up to the. Bel the.

Wimpy belief systems of a human being there are three things. I require three things that are necessary and you can have anything you want now you may feel feelings coming up right. Now that's a sign that your nervous system is shedding what's no. Longer true you're letting go of the rest and you're keeping what was necessary whenever you have a situation where they can't get to a certain prod they have that sense of loss it's because there's an aspect to the experience that the nervous system needs to keep the nervous system doesn't decide doesn't make a distinction between the lesson from the experience and the emotion that's the conscious mind's job remember remember your conscious mind is not bad it's just stupid when.

I say stupid it's because it's trying it thinks it's as smart as the rest of the system it thinks it can do everything that the rest of the system can it's like the. CEO of the fortune 5un company he can run that company like a freaking you know he can play it like. Mozart plays the piano. But.

God forbid you let that on the assembly line what's that undercover yeah right. Should every part of you needs to perform its function if it doesn't that's where things get screwed up in neural linguistic programming hypnosis the work that. I do my job is just to figure out what the common language is and get you all talking all the parts of you talking all the parts of you communicating in a way that makes your life better there's no. Such thing ladies and gentlemen as a bad feeling or a bad behavior.

I know that sounds up considering what we've just been doing right. Pardon my. French by the way well don't par pardon it. I just like talking that way the question becomes is the behavior or the feeling you're having getting you what you want is it making your life better if the answer is anything.

But yes. Change it change it and you can all you got to do is figure out where you put it and how you built it yeah um hi could you just do me a favor and just tell me your definition of number one reality and number two who is the person that's trying to be better. I mean you're talking about. The.

Reptilian mind you're talking about the subconscious and who's in charge conscious mind sort of filter that doesn't even know where it's going. So. I mean there's used to be a long time something called gal we trying to integrate a lot of different things. So number one.

First of all. I'm not sure what reality is because if you go to a courthouse neither am. I yeah thank you and and number two when you're talking about this person feeling better or not he has to understand how he even defines better compared to what you know what i is it more preferable than what he has is it more desirable people have to know where to starting point well absolutely you know and again wherever you start the best place to start is wherever you're at right. I can't tell you how many times.

I've done these processes on people and they feel ashamed not because they had a problem because it went away in 2 minutes problems had for 20 25 years and is gone that thing that you just got rid of how long you had it can't you remember that can you well it really depends because there there's some very recent things that. I would have considered the. But of course life buil up to that more than a year the no. Okay.

Less than a year. I don't know it's back there. I don't give a usually. I get one of three responses when we actually clear that stuff up.

I go try to bring it back they go. I can't. I go try to bring it back and it just gets better or the one. I get most often is try to bring it back go.

I don't want it back right. Yes. Sir. I can make a comment that might go to what you're saying uh you hit the nail on the head there's something there.

I didn't want to lose tied to very deeply tied to the thing. I don't want at all exactly and. I. I do find that there's a like a sifting process happen right.

Now. I know just cuz the process externally has been done doesn't mean the internal one is done and that's the thing you need to understand the. M the body is always playing catchup with the. Mind remember.

I deal with. I deal with tumors. I deal with multiple sclerosis. Parkinson's disease.

I don't get smoking in weight loss clients my stuff most of my stuff is deeper rape trauma post-traumatic stress um molestation hysterical paralysis you know. I. I have to. I have to understand what's going on.

So. I can lead people through processes. I don't. I don't arguably you could say.

I fix them. But really what. I'm doing is. I'm guiding you through a process with you beside you in conc in connection with you that teaches you about how you're doing things inside that gives you new resources and new new understandings and perspectives right.

Yes. Sir those those negative images and stuff. I mean it's never really ever deleted right. Well.

Define deleted like delete on a computer and never can get back no. Well in many cases it can be because remember if we delete something from the computer it's if you work hard enough you can bring it back right. NSA has it well a lot of places do. But my point is how much work do you have to go through to bring it back if you wanted to right.

I'm not eliminating choice there's sometimes every now. Then. I get people who want me to come in and just nuke their memories just wipe them out screw that what if when every time you remembered it there was no. Emotion connected to it all it was just something that happened that's the optimum we don't lose information we gain experience yeah that's exactly what happened yesterday.

I felt that instant profound change. But as time goes on even today it's uh still losing some sort of emotion of value and becomes just like flat yeah. I can recall the situation. But it's got no.

Charge although. I felt yesterday it changed profoundly it's still up till even today just going on and getting lesser and lesser and now when he talks about it. I realize like it's like flat picture with no. Dimensions.

So that's it. But. I cannot recall what he did and how it felt it's just if. I read it in some book.

I mean has has no. Meaning how people here would like to have that experience emotional charge is just like all gone right. And. But it didn't didn't happen initially because under the trend it it's.

So strong. But keeps going it's not instant and total and it doesn't remove the memory of it just removed the charge the emotional charge. So it's kind of impossible always remember that thing. But it will not have an emotional value.

I hope cath no. This was this is well what that we didn't do catharsis on the two- day it wasn't cathartic at all we didn't have to do an. Abri action we didn't have the origin of didn't have to didn't have to because we used a pleasure-based approach we saturated the system with oxytocin for two or three solid hours. Dr your crying yep we created a state of high neuroplasticity.

Then we we put them in a regular trance which if there is such a thing and we ran them through processes that are designed to recode the experiences ladies and gentlemen everything. Charles just described to you you're doing all the time okay. You're doing it all the time it's just nobody told you how it's operating below the threshold of conscious awareness the closest metaphor. I can give you to explain it is kind of like how many people here have email right.

Now how many people here have an email signature how many people here who are idiots like me spent the. First three or four years of having email typing the email signature in by hand because we didn't realize you could actually automate that you didn't even copy and paste. I just don't. I know my.

URL by heart right. But. Then all of a sudden we found out that there's another level to that email program isn't isn't there another level of code that we can access that if we go in and we flip a few buttons and we move some things around we only have to do it once and it's there like clockwork all the time right. The password to your system is called the imagination the keyboard is your body the more you physically act out what you're doing the more you live it the more you vivify it the more rapid and powerful and deep the change comes there's many people out there many teachers in.

NLP that are teaching many of the same elements that. I teach okay. I'm. Not.

Unusual in that respect. I don't take credit for the source. I take credit for the synthesis how do you feel about. Max psych cybernetics uh.

I think he had a lot of good things going for him in the time mind's a computer well again. I don't think. I don't think the mind is like a computer. I think computers are like the human mind well okay.

To the degree that we can replicate it and and. I and. I and it's an important distinction you are not a computer you are far better than any computer okay. You are far more powerful than any computer.

But everything we do with computers everything we do with technology is modeled in or around the way your nervous system functions. Anyway yes. I've. David.

I've got two questions. First one we're talking about emotion and changes and. So forth what effect does alcohol have to cause well for me to feel better inhibited mhm what what part of the brain is that affecting. I have no.

Idea oh come on. But would you like to get drunk sure bring it up sure this is where we're going okay. We're going to start to feel good for no. Fraking reason is that okay.

By the way how many people would like to actually learn how to do what. Charles and and. Michael learned about raise your hands okay. Remind me before.

I send you guys home uh. I have some paperwork to hand out. I'll show you how to get involved if you want to learn more. But.

I want to give you some. I gave you a lot of stuff. Ken came up to me during the break he goes you're giving out some nuclear powered stuff man you need to stop these people are going to blow people up no. You're going they're going to fix their lives all right.

So everybody here. I want you to think of a time in your life now the the technical term is drug of choice. But it doesn't have to be a drug it could be any wonderful powerful pleasurable. State you've ever had okay.

So. I want you to close your eyes. If you would and. I want you to think back to the best example of the experience that.

I'm talking about and as you remember those feelings remember what it felt like you feel what you felt you hear what you heard you see what you saw smelled what you smelled tasted what you tasted there was a moment in that process there was a sensation in your body when you knew that effect was happening and you're only going to have the positive effect. So if it's like an alcohol experience no. Hangovers no. Nausea if it was a marijuana experience no.

Munchies right. It was anything else only the very most positive examples and those are only what we're going to get. But. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where that sensation started and as that you became aware of that sensation you realized the substance or the state was kicking in and.

Then it moved somewhere else. I want you to notice there's a color connected to those feelings and. Then it moved somewhere else and. Then it moved somewhere else maybe you tasted something maybe you smelled something whatever it was just let it come back double it triple it notice it begin to move around your body notice how each of the sensations happen in a sequence and.

Finally come back to their point of origin and as you begin to immerse yourself in those feelings you can feel those feelings starting to grow stronger getting more and more powerful feeling that state kicking in 10 times better than it was before and you notice that energy connected to those feelings beginning to circulate faster and faster stronger and stronger spinning in a certain direction and it's like if you really want to be playful you can reach in and grab a handful of that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you notice it's spinning in a certain direction you physically grab it with both your hands and if you want more of it physically double the spin with your hands and. Then double it again and. Then double it again keep doubling it double the speed double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude and when you know it's as good as you can possibly stand it and it's only going to get better when it takes on a life of its own slam it back into that stream feel the change and just enjoy the that's right. Just like that now double it again notice that that energy picks up speed and when you know you've got it it's as good as you want it to be open your eyes.

Look. Around and notice how different the world seems seems there are some toasty people in this room now double it imagine. I have this big old lever right. Here every time.

I turn it up a notch it gets stronger now make it bigger notice there's a picture connected to that experience make it. IMAX big make it highdea turn up the sound turn up the volume wrap it around you like a big. Fring blanket notice how good you feel and notice it's only going to get better for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to move oxygen into and out of your body this feeling will only grow stronger and stronger. But the best part is each time you touch your right.

Earlobe it gets stronger each time. I touch my left ear. Lo it turns off almost like you had an onoff switch and went you need an intervention. I'm having a good time.

But now what. I want you to do. I want you to touch your own right. Ear loob feel the feelings come flooding back full til.

Boogie each time stronger than the time before notice how good you feel and just for grins and the giggles and just play with it notice each time you do every time you go into those feelings they just get stronger every time you go the other way they just get completely turned off. So if you ever need to drive before you get in the car soon as you get home put a little spring in your step remember when you were little kids and you played pretend what are you laughing at just saying. I told you the people in the front row get the best stuff oh this [Laughter] one [Music] thank you you're welcome pleasure on demand ladies and gentlemen give yourself. AIG.

Round of. Applause that's my gift for you anytime you want it touch that right. Ear anytime you want to turn it off and you is he manual on your [Music] webs. I love my job.

I love my job. I get to change people's lives help them feel good for no. Reason and show you guys how to get the life you want the way you want that's the best job in the world now not everybody wants to. Wade through other people's poop that's a a special kind of stupid right.

But the truth is we all want a life that's in compliance with that checklist we all want to feel good. But we live in a society that trains us to feel bad that manipulates us guilt is it's a bad feeling right. It trains us that it's wrong to have certain kinds of thoughts it's wrong to be who we are to have an opinion or a. Viewpoint that goes against the status quo and all that stuff has a toll it takes a toll on us and until somebody comes along and shows you how you actually work that gives you a way that you can talk to the most powerful parts of your mind the most powerful parts of your nervous system they'll have the advantage that win.

So take something that you want to get rid of. Reach. Out. And.

Touch it if you feel a sense of loss or like there needs to be something there's something about that that doesn't want to go away put a big black frame around it turn the contrast all the way to the right. And all the way to the left notice whether it turns all white or all black notice which one feels better imagine in your writing finger is this big glowing. Sharpie marker and right. Across that screen everything you need to keep about that experience.

So you can keep the lesson and let the rest go and when you know you've got it watch it shrink down to the size of a postage stamp and automatically it flows up over the top of your head and all the way into the past feel it nailed back there hear the sound of a bank bolt slamming shut feel hear the sound of a toilet flushing and notice it's gone and now what. I want you to do want you to close your eyes. Touch your right. Ear and in the privacy of your own mind bring those feelings back stronger 10 times stronger and just keep spinning it faster double the spin double the amplitude and when you're ready in this room inside your mind.

I want you to look. Around and notice on the walls that there are other frames one color represents all the positive things of your life all the things that make you feel strong and confident and powerful that make you feel good about who you are and the life you lead the other color represents all the crap crap being a technical term the things that make you feel less empowered less deserving less of everything. I want you to notice that with a wave of your hand around every less than positive experience a big black frame appears and you get this. Sudden.

Rush of pleasure and this sense of empowerment the sense of being in absolute control of your mind and body and it feels good and what. I want you to do at the rate and speed that you can. I want you to reach out to each of those images that represent a less than positive experience you have one of two choices you can make you can reach up turn the contrast knob all the way to the right. Turn the contrast knob all the way left notice which one feels better by the way if you start yawning when you're doing this that's a good sign okay.

Start to laugh or giggle that's a good sign too. But what. I want you to do imagine there's a big old fire pit if it's something you just want to get rid of completely walk over to that fire pit crumple that sucker up notice where in your body you feel it throw it in the fire watch it burn up feel the release doubling the pleasure doubling the power doubling the sensations in your body always getting better every time you clear the crap the pleasure increases if it's something you need to keep turn the contrast knob all the way to the right. Or left write the part you need to keep peel that off like a piece of stick a piece of like a sticker or a piece of cellophane throw the rest in the fire stick the rest of it behind you you hear the sound of a toilet flushing sound of a bank vault clamming maybe the sound of a nail gun notice how good it feels to be free and.

I want you to systematically go through every part of this room find any emotion or any state or any feeling or any belief that's not making your life better and. I want you to do one of those two processes put a big black frame around it white it all the way out write the lesson if you. NE need to take the lesson and let the rest go feel your body release or just take the whole damn thing and throw it in the fire and feel it burn up be thorough cuz sometimes that hides make sure you look. Underneath the positive pictures cuz they hide there too and when you know when you know you've got it an amazing thing begins to happen now you can continue to going through the process in your mind at your own rate and speed while.

I continue to talk realizing your unconscious mind is already paying attention and making what. I'm saying happen. So all you got to do is sit back and enjoy it when the. Last bit of paper the.

Last lesson is taken and put in the right. Place an amazing thing begins to happen all those positive images all those things that represent the things that make you feel right. And strong and powerful they're good about you they begin to take on a glow an inner glow like a sun and they start to radiate an energy a power sense of warmth and nourishment that washes through you and around you and it combines with that feeling of pleasure making it a thousand times stronger thousand times more satisfying a thousand times more nurturing in every way and the voices in your head the ones that used to talk they begin to change a different voice begins to emerge a. Voice of.

Truth a voice of wisdom a voice that sees every good thing about you and tells it to you over and over again in a voice 10 times louder than any other voice and this voice locks itself into a special part of your mind and body that you can always believe that you can always turn to times of stress times of trouble a voice that tells you all the good things about you now and forever for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to move air in and out of your body this voice will always be there with you to give you everything you need mentally emotionally to remind you of all the very best things about you in a voice that you can always believe and always trust as those pictures begin to grow bigger and brighter and stronger your body be. May begin to tingle. May begin to start to change. Sensations.

May begin to move around as those squares of paper or pictures begin to grow they begin to expand and they begin to blend into one another until they become one continuous sheet of wallpaper bathing you with an inner. Radiance an inner sustenance a sense of nourishing deep inside an inexhaustible. Unlimited. Supply of everything you've ever wanted and need it nourishing you at the deepest level of your body and mind and when you know you've got that that feeling comes flooding back in and it merges with all those other wonderful feelings and you realize something deeper that no.

Matter where you go whatever you do whenever you want to whenever you need to you can always come back to this place and make more changes because you have power now you have control now you have the ability to choose what kind of experiences you want to keep and which ones to change and that's freedom and joy and pleasure and through it all there's one other that voice is saying one continuous message in addition to everything else you want and need to hear that no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter what circumstances or situations life hands you.

I will always be there to hold your hand to give you that hug to talk to you and give you the very best advice to tell you you only the very best things about you in a voice that you can always believe and that wherever you go no. Matter what you do you're always loved accepted and you're never alone feel the truth of that kick in and realize this is your life from now on and when you know you've got it double the pleasure double the joy feel the changes really sink in because tonight while you sleep and while you dream you're other than conscious mind the part of you that controls every part of your life will begin to make new neurological connections rewire your brain in such a way that when you remember the past you only remember in a way that makes your life better that gives you maximum control and choice over everything that you feel and everything that you think that's my gift to you tonight ladies and gentlemen that's my mission that's my joy when you know you've got it feel yourself coming back to this reality bringing with you a brand new reality the keys to shaping your own life by your standards and your definitions or not give yourselves a big round of applause it is 5 after 7 after 9 have you eaten enough chocolate never never all right. Uh. Trace let's pass out the sheets um should have mentioned at the beginning of of tonight.

But. I kind of got right. Into to our our program by the way just cuz you're out at trance process is still going on guys if feelings come up let them because your body is going to start to shed whatever is no. Longer in harmony with the new program.

So give yourself permission to feel to express always give yourself a little nudge if you want on the other side okay. Uh. August 2 uh 23rd and 24th uh you heard uh. Mike and you heard.

Charles talk about a special. Workshop that we're doing it's a two-day intensive it's called secrets of. P secrets of self-mastery or secrets of personal transformation it's based on the techniques that you learned today are part of that process. So for some of these guys it was real familiar it's intense um it's designed to teach you how to drive your own bus to give you the tools and the skills to go in and rewire and reprogram yourself to have the life you want the way you want it you want to talk about clearing crap in.

Spade you want to talk about programming yourself for positive change it's that's what we do. But it's not where. I'm just going to sit there and lecture at you there's three parts to what we do. First thing.

I'm going to do is. I'm going to teach it to you. Then. I'm going to do it to you.

Then you're going to do it to each other. Then. I'm going to teach you how to do it to yourself okay. Okay.

That's how it works it's not just me lecturing you practice once you go home uhuh this is a combination of all of it. I'm going to install it you're going to practice it and you're going to transfer over to your being self-directed self-guided. So that you can have what you want the way you want it now uh the process that. I'm teaching you or the process we'll be going through is actually part of one of my certification courses it's called real world hypnosis took.

Me about four or five years to realize after teaching. Meetup since about 2008 that not everybody wants to be a hypnotherapist. I'm a little slow right. I realized all of a sudden that most of the people who come into my into my meetups by the way.

I did not start my meetups to fill trainings. I actually was teaching and training hypnotists since 2004 20 2005 where. I was running a group known as the uh. Los.

Angeles. Sleepwalkers we were the world's largest free. NLP and hypnosis. Practice.

Group. I taught and trained hypnotist for 10 years before. I started certifying people the reason for it was everybody who came through my place with a certification couldn't do they had no. Skill set.

But they had lots of pretty certificates they could quote technology they could quote jargon they could critique other people. But when it came down to doing something and applying their skills they couldn't for 10 years. I help people build skill sets that they can go out into the real world and use everything. I do is about making your life better today okay.

And that's what. I want to do did. I do that today did. I help you guys today raise your hands if that's true cool clap if you have that's true for you.

CU. I'm. I'm basically insecure and. I need the reinforcement.

But. I realized about two years ago a actually three years ago one of my good friends who's not here tonight. But you'll meet him uh. James.

C2 who works with guys like. Bill. G he's a he's my corporate seduction specialist. I call him because he actually works with.

Fortune 500 companies recruiting. CEOs from one company to another using these skills uh he's a very good friend of mine. But and he's got a good head for business which a lot of us npers don't. But the truth was he said.

David you got to certify people because everybody you're training is going to certifi for other people and they're teaching for them. So. I was like. I don't want to do that.

I don't want to be part of the problem and that was really how. I felt. I didn't want to be part of the problem. But eventually.

I caved and. I started giving certifications. But all of our certifications are based on demonstrating skill set bottom line is did you get the change and these guys will tell you. I am a drill sergeant okay.

So if if you come out of one of our trainings you're going to be able to do this stuff. But. I realized it's a little slow that not everybody wants to be a freaking hypnotherapist nobody want not everybody wants to be a neural linguistic programmer. But what they do want is they want to fix their stuff right.

How many people here want to fix their stuff cool how many people have no. Desire whatsoever to be a hypnotist how many people want to be hypnotist we got something for you too all right. But here's the. So real world hypnosis we have a hypnotherapy certification coming up.

October 21st through the 25th that's here in. San. Diego it'll be right. Here in fact in this location if anybody's interested in pursuing certification talk to me after.

I. I adjourn you. But for those of you who just want to fix your stuff and have a skill set that you can use professionally personally the paper in your hand is where to go. Next this is for people who just want to get their stuff handled let me find my paper can.

I have one of those poly thank you and this is where we're systematically going to remove the negativity from your life we're going to teach you how to play with your own grid move your pictures around we're going to change those voices in your head that always talking we're going to teach you how to let go of the crap although most of you probably already have we're going to teach you how to feel pleasure on command and use it to create change in your life okay. We're going to show you how to stop bad habits um and really start to and actually incorporate the qualities skills and attributes of people who you admire. So let's say there's somebody who's you know maybe you're an athlete and there's some sports figure who you really admire and whose skill set you would like to have there's a process we're going to teach you that will allow you to literally use your miror neurons of your body and your proception to hardwire their physical characteristics into your nervous system and such a way that you can develop it and express it okay. We're going to show you how to systematically reprogram your past.

So that you only think about it in ways that make your life better drain the ne just like. Charles said draining the negativity. So that you remember the stuff. But it has no.

Power over you anymore ways to make your your experience better bigger and stronger this particular process used to be part of this training. But. I realized that not everybody wants to do this clinically. So.

I created the process where. I bring you in. I teach you what to do. I demo it.

I do it to you you do it with each other and. Then. I teach you how to do it to yourself. So you're getting four times the whammy and four times that's why these guys are having such profound changes because we're doing everything like deep dish okay.

So it's a two-day training it's 9 to6 both days um our regular price for for when. I used to teach this was 1950 okay. And in fact um for those of you who who want to go into theotherapy certification talk to me because we have some specials on that for those of you who want to do the two-day intensive which is in. O in.

August 950 no. Uh oh. I'm starting to feel insecure clap for me not not 950 how about how about 625 no. P for anybody who wants to jump into this training today 397 two days from some of the hard the most hardcore change work you can imagine some people told me.

I. I'm not charging [Applause] enough. But this is my gift okay. I want you guys to get what what you want.

I don't want you to have to invest $2,000. I want you guys to just get what you want okay. For those of you who have other other things you want to work with um maybe you don't need that maybe you just want me to come in and help you with it personally all right. If that's the case.

I have a free gift for every single person here tonight every single person here tonight gets a free 30- minute consultation with me just for coming out and dealing with my spiel 30 minutes we'll sit down we'll talk we'll strategize we'll discuss the best ways to approach the things you want in your life the things that are important to you and the best ways to get it. I can't promise to help you because. I don't know if what. I do is a fit for you.

But. I am willing to give you 30 minutes of my time which. I normally charge about $175 to $350 an hour for to find out because. I care okay.

So that's basically what. I got going on. I got a real a hypnotherapy certification. October 25th or 21st through the 25th it's 5 days it's going to be intense it is a full certification course you'll be learning and and practicing not just the techniques you've gotten tonight.

But a whole slew of other very powerful transformational systems that. I use clinically every single day for those of you who want to knew that talk to me about that. I'm happy to help you if you just want to take advantage of the 30-minute consult. Tracy has my daughter.

Tracy is at the back of the room she has my access to my schedule just give her your name address email and. So we can contact and follow up with you we'll get you on the schedule and you come in we'll sit down and we'll talk and we'll find out how we can help you best is that useful okay. Um and again normally this would be 49 well. I forget it just this is what it is if you sign up tonight.

I'm always suck at these things right. But. I'll happy to answer any questions that you have now. I do ask how many people had a good time tonight raise your hands how many people got some serious change in spite of themselves right.

All. I ask is that if you had a good time you got something of value you post good things to the. Meetup you tell people if you didn't have a good time you think. I'm an being a technical term post to somebody else's meet up thank you very much have a great night yes.

Sir the question. I had was um in the. First part when you were saying repeat usually what people say the words that come out of their mouth come out the mouth you will connect with them is that working on writing yes. If you know their exact words and you and you you you structure it right.

Yes. Giving them their exact words will have a profound effect cuz not and depending two things will happen one of two things will happen a if it's somebody who doesn't know you and they're reading your email they will will hear it in their own voice which makes it even more powerful. But if they know you they'll hear it in your voice. But it's their word.

So they they think you get them completely okay. Very very all right. Thank you very much welcome a pleasure see you again all right. Do you have a good time thank you very welcome very much cool we'll be here.

Next month same bat. Time same bat channel the change. I noticed things that that want are inherently cross-wired to fight with each other suddenly realize maybe we don't to do this thinking apprciate pleasure thinking in different ways about one another right. Now well the thing is when when when the unconscious mind lumps all that together it doesn't make a distinguish a distinction between what needs to be kept and.

What needs to go it lumps it all together and if you try to get rid of it it's like no. We can't we can't let that go. So you have to give it an alternative process that allows it to strain out what needs to be kept and what doesn't and the minute you do that boom sense of that being an option without confronting it intellectually which is what iend to do the problem is is we can't fix our intellectually that's the part that's keeping us stuck thanks very sure. So you're going to send me the email the link yes.

I will send it to you tonight matter of fact. I promise thank you thank you thanks for coming. I'm going to see um certification too you haven't clicked oh the real world okay. You haven't clicked my link damn you woman what did.

I do you click the link. I don't know you're not registered yet okay. You need to get in there. So.

I cuz. I'm ordering materials and. I. I've got it's filling up already.

I have me announce it to my 40,000 person list yet. I'll. I'll. I'll take.

I'll be happy if you give me the best deal that you give her. I'm doing an early bird right. Now. So it's 9:50 okay.

So. I do have to do it right. This. Second.

I mean. I want to do it yeah. I can do. I can do it for you now or.

I can send you a link whichever is easy send me the link all right. Yeah problem you know. I know where you go for a doctor. So yeah you know who.

I'm at. I know you're good for it um. Matt you know. Matt bring yeah.

I know. I'm taking his certification just for the paper. I mean. I'm not taking.

I'm not just. I'm not taking it seriously it's all about you and when you meet. Rob. Zenus.

I trained him yeah no. No. It's all about you. I'm just being transparent no.

I. I appreciate it. Cynthia did you have a good time. I had a great time.

I really enjoyed it do you want to get rid of that you sure is it okay. To get rid of it you're sure you wouldn't lie to me no. Okay. So here what.

I want you to do point to where you feel the pain right. There cool now on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the pain oh it's it's probably just like a two or three okay. Look. At it with your inner eyes.

Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression red okay. I'm going to take your cane for just a. Second.

I want you to reach in with both your hands grab that red all of that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all. CU sometimes that stuff hides reach in grab it all make sure you got it all got it still filling up huh that's all right. Notice there's probably emotional stuff s too just let that flow in there too good now as you look. At it is it all in your hands good did the color change or stay the same.

First impression uh it got a little lighter cool now as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning to the left good physically grab it with both of your hands and rotate it. So it's the opposite of what it was excellent now physically double the spin double the speed okay. Double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you got it slam it back in put it back put it back into that spot yep keep going faster faster stronger and stronger till it's impossible to go back the way it was slam it back in.

O boy. I felt something in the. M. I know keep going and slam it back in wow good stuff mhm keep going faster faster and when you're ready just put it back and watch the magic notice the change notice it's gone whatever feelings come up let them oh my gosh that's really weird oh my that's really weird now try to bring it back you still want this that is.

So weird what happened when we just did this. I went. TR um what's what's the name have a nice night okay. Brother the all the lady the act the artist yesterday uhhuh what's her name.

Cindy. Cindy yeah she was doing one of those. Trends with me and today right. Now.

I felt the touches she did. I don't even know what it was about. But. I got implanted by her touch she was.

So gentle you know and. So intimate uhhuh it felt now right. When. Sydney works with you she's very present she's very very oh that was.

So intimate of course. I knew it. Then. But.

I didn't think. I m. I didn't know that. I'm going to be bringing it here today it's amazing.

So. I actually implanted with some anchor yeah well you you learn things unconsciously yeah she's there helping you giving you what you want yeah that's amazing just gets better brother just gets better good to see you good to see you my friend how you doing good glad you made it this is. Charles. Sean yes.

Sir question. I have an answer. I hope are you going to have another being in more vulnerable situations more than likely we will. But we don't have one on the schedule yet.

I just got back from a very very busy week or very busy month traveling and and doing trainings all over the place. So. I'm re rein instituting my meetups and schedules and stuff like that. So there will be.

But. I don't know when uh no. I don't actually well. I have a.

Martial. Arts meetup in two weeks. But beyond that. I have no.

NLP meetups on the calendar you're going to yeah it'll be on meet up yeah absolutely even though. I've already. I think the one yeah absolutely all right. Brother take care man to be honest kind of to understand.

But let me tell you one thing my way of learning like for example. I'm really good at math. I mean it's been a while though for me the only. So far the only way to to understand the things or to solve the math problems is practicing yeah that's a great idea if.

I don't practice. Then. So you're feeling you learn through feeling and doing you have a website or. Facebook.

Are you on. Facebook. I you want very similar like. Bob.

Pro or guy. John. I was having trouble find and. I like.

But get feel because. I understand something oh. I understand. I talk really fast.

So if you're if. English isn't your native language um it it can be hard to follow because. I get into what. I do and.

I talk really fast and yeah and with the with the stillar. I was ended up postponing school and dropping out yeah. So yeah just keep in touch keep your eye on meet up and my off if you if you want to get a free consultation uh just see. Tracy and and she'll you know if we can help you we will if we if if if it's not a fit.

Then we'll point you in the direction that'll get you the best the best possible yeah if you have any other questions you let me know right. You have big fun my pleasure we're going to do a seduction meet up uh probably. Next month or the month after if you if you're coming to unlimited lover it's going to be. August say that again killer influence and unlimited lover are.

August 7th through the 12. So. So there's a seduction aspect to that where's here that posted it's on my website stealth one. sec- sec-11 comom must have miss it go to go to the the stealth homepage click on hypnosis training event hypnosis events training calendar or whatever and it's right. There okay.

But if you want to get in let me know. I'll send you a link. I'll give it a try all right. What are the days again 7th 8th 9th 10th 11th 12th that's a lot of commitment to come down well there's two separate trainings.

So you can do one day one or the other or both whichever works best for your schedule okay. All right. Thank you mhm good meeting you man 10. Powers nice to meet you where where do you uh where's your where's your area grounds are in.

San. Diego well. I live in delmare my. Clinic's in salana.

Beach. Beach um. I have classes and events here um. I just started doing events up in.

La. So are you what are you looking for uh. I just travel around meet all the little. Wizards and everything the area uh yeah do you work with plant medicine or anything do.

I work what. PL no. I don't do that although. I'm.

I'm trained in. Chinese herbs um that's not my strong my wife is really good at. Chinese herbs uh if you want somebody who does uh like would look. Up.

Steve pickus. Steve yeah. AKA. Steve.

P from the game and not only is he the grandfather of the seduction. Community he's also big big time. Shaman he know's a lot of guys down in the. Amazon and in that area.

So he could probably point you in the best direction for the best guys yeah yeah cool cool good deal yeah yeah the pup were dilated. I figured you. Tapp some fourth or fifth dimension yeah. I.

So do you have a good time tonight oh yeah is this a maaba you got going on here no. This is uh this is for heart um. So. I just did a secr geometry.

Workshop yeah drum. MC stuff or uh it was the template okay. Uh. So they're at.

Australia okay. And. I. I studied drolo stuff.

So when. I see a interlocking tetran like that absolutely yeah super powerful yeah for sure. I used to use that in my martial arts. I used to people up yeah yeah there when when people go into fight.

ORF flight mode their appropriate exception goes on hyper hyper sensitivity. So if you understand how to interact with the causal their astral and and mental bodies you can just make them stop dead in their tracks really and and the maabo was real good for amplifying your your your sphere enough that it was strong enough to impact them. Pro receptively yeah that's. I mean.

Last year um. Last 10 years. I've been working with the military um completely different way of life uh an hour north of of. La vent okay.

Pointu and everything and uh yeah. I was just. I was raising my little brother sure got him out of high school and. Then he started going to the military.

I'm tell him do that. I'm glad. I did. I traveled you know it woke me up and uh and.

I'm like. But let's uh let's skip the and let's just travel you know. I'll quit you didn't want to do that. But.

I quit. Anyway and. Then went down to. Brazil drank much.

IA realiz this is all choke and yeah. I just iasa when it's done right. Is really transformational absolutely it's amazing amazing. I met a couple guys.

Last weekend who were really screwed up by apparently was people who just didn't uh they do yeah. So. I don't know. I don't do it myself because.

I. I don't. I don't find. I need to do that.

I. I. I respect. Shamanism and things that.

But. I don't need. I don't. I'm.

I'm a hermetic. So. I don't have to worry too much about plants and things like that yeah yeah yeah and you travel pretty good pretty much yeah yeah it's good yeah. I'm working on opening up more and more to it cool getting more sensitive right.

On. So um are you going to come see us in a c um actually uh yeah think about that 4 training oh 5 day what is that how much that going for it's uh right. Now. I'm doing an early bird.

So it's 9 975 actually is what it is uh cuz. I haven't launched it to the list yet. So. I'm doing an early bird uh if you wait until like the.

Last.
