Title: 2014 Hypnothoughts Live   Attractivation   The Gift   Clip 001
File Name: eDmj44o16_M.txt
Video Id: eDmj44o16_M
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDmj44o16_M

Put your photo away just put it down hold your hands out little. Quick. Test okay. Close your eyes.

You imagine better with your eyes. Open or close close okay. I know you're going to be good at this already. But want you imagine in one hand really really light and in the other hand 100 lb weight that's all.

I needed sit down is it okay. To be on camera is it okay. To be on camera okay. How a you course what's your name.

Stephanie this is. Stephanie give her a big round of applause we're going to go on a little journey okay. Remember. I said that contextual change isn't good enough.

I want. Global change. So. Stephanie can you remember when you were very very young the happiest most wonderful exciting joyful childhood experience of your life do you have one very very like hell young you talking doesn't really matter can you remember the most blable joyful experience the farther back we go the better.

I like it. But it whatever is the most. Wonder it's only pleasurable only joy nothing icky okay. Okay.

Wonderful powerful partable joyable okay. I'm getting okay. You don't have to tell me what it is. I don't need to know okay.

So because it's in the privacy of your own mind and body you can make it as wonderful joyful by the way this is not this this is not an erotic context although she went there didn't you. I could see the look. On her face okay. Um it can be an orotic experience if that's okay.

I'm not going to actually ask too many questions. I don't really care what. I care about is it's go it's as early as possible and all it is is joy joyful wonderful powerful understand you ready for that have a. SE now.

First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to remember that feeling okay. And you remember things better with your eyes.

Opened or closed. I think it open actually okay. Good. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to reach out if there was a picture around you that represented that experience just. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It now trace the edges of it with your hand now grab the edges out of like. Windows on your iPhone and go and make it big.

IMAX big what happens to the feeling expand oh she lit up like a. Christmas tree didn't she cool. So we're going to leave it that big. I want you to point to where that feeling starts in your body excellent now close your inner eyes.

And look. At that feeling and. I want you to notice that there's a color connected that feeling associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression orange reach in and grab all of that orange energy take it out and hold it in your hands make sure you get it all.

CU sometimes it hides there you go you got it all did the color change or stay the same stayed the same good now which directions is it spinning. First impression good. So since it's something you want more of. I want you to take it in both of your hands.

I want you to double the spin physically double it double the speed double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when it's as good as you can possibly stand it or even better slam it back into that spot go for it baby now let it double triple and intensify in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five you're going to fly back on the wings of time to that wonderful joyful powerful experience 10 times better than it's ever been in fact the faster you go the further you go the deeper and more wonderful it becomes one feel that feeling doubling and tripling inside of you two 10 times more powerful than ever before three pictures getting bigger sounds getting louder. Sensations getting oh.

So much more fun and. F fulfilling three four five all the way back notice how good you feel feel those feelings circulating all throughout your mind and all throughout your body and as you find yourself immersed in those feelings as they circulate and saturate all throughout your mind and body you can actually begin to remember that experience that time in your life when you saw that younger version of yourself and when you can see here just nod your head excellent now. First impression are you inside or outside inside alone or with people with people daytime or night time night time excellent now. I'm not going to ask you any more than that.

But. I want you to see that younger version of yourself. I want you to notice how much fun she's having how much joy pleasure and excitement saturating her body and mind fulfilling her every need and desire and when you. I want you to just go five minutes back or.

M we. Cher to her and take her by the hand and pull her aside and say hey buddy. I'm you from the future and. I have something very very cool to share with you and.

I want. I said. I have a very special gift. I want you to just tell her that and make her believe sometimes they don't believe us when we tell them we're from the future just made her believe you and.

I want you to do something very special for this young lady. I want you to give her a very special gift. I want you to tell her. I have a gift for you and what.

I want you to do in this joyful wonderful experience. I want you to share with her everything she will ever want and need to know to understand the events of her life to accept them to survive. But not just survive to thrive and make her believe you make her really get it and when you know she's got it feel those feelings and her shift and change feel them just become more joyful as you do that and. Then when you know she's got it just nod your head because.

I have some other messages. I want you to transmit for me it's. Stacy for. Stephanie.

Stephanie. Stephanie. I. I have something very important that.

I want to tell you and. I want you to look. Her deeply in the eyes. Say.

I love you and make her believe it and say no. Matter where you go no. Matter what you do no. Matter what events in life have to offer you.

I will always be there for you to love you to protect you to guide you and nurture you to give you that support when you need it most to tell you only the very best things about yourself in a voice that you can always believe. So no. Matter where you go no. Matter where you go or whatever you do you're always accepted you're always loved and you're never alone and make her believe you and feel the truth of that again and when you know she's got it take her in your arms hold her to your heart and feel her shrink down inside of you where she's surrounded nurtured protected invigorated empowered by everything she could ever want or need or desire in an endless supply and through it all the truth reverberates through every level of your body and mind that no.

Matter where you go no. Matter what you do you're always accepted you're always loved and you're never alone and when you know she's got it together the two of you begin to move through the events of your life from that moment forward moving through each event positive maybe less than positive. But each time going through those events seeing them from a whole new place giving her the very best advice telling her the best perspective to take giving her that hug that acceptance everything she wants and needs in that moment to move through that experience in such a way that every time she thinks about it her life only gets better and through it all through your early years maybe your teens your your 20s your 30s and on into the future every event of your life changes as the person who experiences them changes for the better seeing those. New.

Perspectives understanding things differently bringing to bear on the situation information new information. New. Perspectives and behind it all supporting it all is that endless. Unlimited.

Supply of everything she'll ever want or need and you can feel that hug coming back to you giving you that support feeling that nurturing unending acceptance love joy in the experience of being you and as you move forward your 30s your 40s your 50s on into the future at some point you pass through the events of your life into a light and as you pass through that light you find yourself flowing and starting to at the very very earliest aspects of your life as far back as you can remember and the person who experiences those events is different now bringing all of that love all of that experience all of that wisdom and you begin to move through the events of your life again noticing how those events shift and change because the person experienced thing that is different and all that time you're there with her giving her the very best advice giving her that hug that unending love and acceptance that she's always wanted and needed in an unlimited. Supply and you can feel yourself moving through the events of your life faster and faster each time the memories changing and shifting until the only way you can remember them is in this new way this way that only makes your life better. So that from this moment and every time you look. Back you only see the things that make you feel good and strong about yourself that give you everything you want to move forward and make your life everything you want it to be and every time you do they just get better and your unconscious mind can continue to cycle past to present to.

Future. Past to present to. Future over and over and over again and you can feel your entire body and mind begin to change as you take on. New.

Perspectives you bring new information new understandings new awareness to bear on the situations and driving it all there that wonderful feeling inside in an endless. Unlimited. Supply and through it all the truth rings out no. Matter where you go or what you do you're always loved and you're never alone and when you know you've got it when you know it's right.

It's natural it's permanent for you in all the right. Ways in ways that only get better for as long as your heart continues to be for as long as you continue to move air in through your nose and out through your mouth circulating this energy to every level of your body and mind in an endless unlimited sublim your life will just continue to come better and better because the person you are is the person you want to be and you only get better now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment this process will continue. I'm going to count from one to five.

But you'll come out of this state only when you know you've got it you realize it's permanent for you in a way that only gets better in fact when you leave the seminar this weekend when you get on that plane or get in that car to go home every step you take towards home every movement you make to go to that place where you call home all of these suggestions all of these understandings and changes that you've made only become more powerful when you walk in the front door at home and you see all the things that used to fire off the old identities you'll suddenly realize you're different now and none of those old things will have the power to affect you unless you choose to let them because you've always loved you're never alone and you've learned something wonderful you've learned the power of. Joy the power of accepting and loving yourself in a whole new ways and that's the truth no. Matter where you go and what you do she's there talking to you telling you all the very best things about yourself in a voice that's 10 times louder than any other voice a voice that drowns out every other voice a voice you can always believe a voice that loves you and only sees the very best in you filling you with everything you could ever want or need that you absolutely supported nurtured empowered the right. Reasons number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you've learned something powerful you've experienced something wonderful and.

From. This. Moment forward your life only becomes better and better and better you can feel those wonderful feelings saturating your body and mind becoming more and more powerful tonight while you sleep and while you dream your unconscious mind will make all the necessary neurological changes at the cortical level to create an even more powerful version of you that gives you all the things you want and need that moves you forward in life in an unlimited supply of energy strength confidence empowerment whatever words and the meanings of those words and the energy behind those words means to you your unconscious will supply them in an unlimited endless supply in a way that only makes your life better number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your unconscious mind are now 10 times more powerful than ever before only becoming stronger with each passing day week and month your life's only getting better number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you sweetie you've done the work you've followed the instructions you've experienced the process you deserve the rewards and it's absolutely true for you now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this stay bring all of these wonderful feelings with you all of these new understandings about yourself and the world you live in remembering the past only in ways that make your life better more empowered more strong more confident more joyful in every way head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance number five take your time come on back for welcome back how are you feeling it takes a while because what the unconscious mind is quite literally doing is rewriting her entire neurology right. Take your time sorry questions no. What's the name of the this is called the gift yeah because because you're giving them the gift what happens is when we're doing this we are find we're using a basic aect bridge if you don't if you're not familiar with a regression jargon an affect bridge is an emotionally induced induction except in this case we did a spin duction yes. Oh oh something like that let's say there was some very bad thing in the past uh.

I had a client she obviously had some really self-destructive. Tendencies sleep with anybody drugs you all kinds of bad things you wait until you regress or part there whatever that problem before you do something like this or do you do this and. Then go back and work with those other things this. I many times this is what.

I do in a. First session okay. And and the reason is is the. First session is the most important one the.

First session determines where the they'll be back for a. Second session right. But we still right. But we still need to get them change the thing about you how you feeling.

I'm still trying to wake up. I know it's all right. Take your time okay. Did she go deep right.

Did. I need 20 minutes of a progressive boredom induction remember all forms of neurological arousal are trans. States the more you amplify bu neurological arousal the faster the critical. Factor checks out you can't do the spinning technique without instantly entering a profound state of sanism the moment she she started manipulating imagery she was in subabul them done okay.

The fastest the fastest the slowest induction. I do is 2 and a half minutes and that's if. I'm taking my time okay. Now when we do the sensal and erotic amplification.

Workshop tomorrow we're going to take our time because some of the techniques are more of a sensual massage kind of an aspect right. But what we did very very po remember the principles we're working with here the most important. Memories. We have relate specifically to the earliest childhood memories they're the most powerful okay.

When you change them at that level everything that it's based on it's like this table if. I set things on this table. I can knock things up on top of the pile and that'll that'll change that. But if.

I start shaking the whole table everything on the table shakes right. That's your memories that's is your sense of identity the thing between uh remedial regression or what. I call context specific regression in terms of a specific problem is that everything that spider webs out from that initial sensitizing event is related to that problem when we do it from a pleasure-based gift perspective for some strange reason. I don't know why this is it tends to generalize to every aspect of their life how you feeling good you guys have any questions for her yes.

You what would you have done. I would have done something else um if she hadn't been able to find a positive childhood memory. I would have come. I.

I would have found the. Next closest if. I wanted to continue to do this technique. I would have continue to uh find something joyful pleasurable orgasmic ecstatic something that.

I could work with that would induce that oxytocin release in the system okay. Remember the whole idea here is we want to saturate the system with joy with with love with ecstasy because when we do that the suggestions go in better and they stay harder they they they crystallize better okay. This is neuroscience by the way the other thing you need to understand about oxytocin is also the primary mediator of trust the more oxytocin hits the system the more trusting you become would it be good for our clients to trust us how do you feel about me right. Now trust [Laughter] you give her a big round of applause she did great.
