Title: How To Release Emotions Trapped In The Body: Psychological Tricks For  Releasing Trauma Fear Anxiety
File Name: eDtuz7cOKcI.txt
Video Id: eDtuz7cOKcI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDtuz7cOKcI

As you get deeper into the world according to. David you'll be exposed for lack of a better word to more and more practical. But more esoteric and little known principles and effects um and you'll be able to do them because we will make sure you can't. But everything we do has to be you have to be able to do it and you have to do it on demand whenever right.

And there's. But there are foundations that we have to have we have to build tools to build the tools to build the tools and if we don't have those everything else is just fairy tale and pipe dreams and. Fantasies right. You guys.

I don't do. I have to actually do demos where. I make people dance and bend over and squat you've all seen those videos right. So thank you for volunteering come on it's okay.

To be on camera yeah okay. Absolutely what was your name again. Wendy. Wendy have a seat.

Wendy. Wendy would you like to feel good yeah yeah how good would you like to feel. I love you love to feel good we can make that happen for you all right. So what we're going to do now is what we were talking about at the beginning at the end of the early session is we're going to be demonstrating the gray room you're going to see all of the event all of the effects and all of the uh attributes and elements that.

I discussed don't worry about them yet get the big picture in fact don't worry about it at all because you're all going to be wonderful at this right. Um you're going to do it three times with three different people don't worry about the eloquence with which. I spew hypnotic language upon the void all right. Enjoy it hijack the trance if you want to you're going to do it.

Anyway. I know you right. But just pay attention to the big pieces when it's your turn to guide somebody through it just give simple clear instructions test to see that they've done it have them signal you that they've done it have them tested and move on that's it trust the process just the process. So we're going to start with as we get as.

I go further through the training. I may spend less and less time actually doing the four. Magic. Bullets and just just plopping people into trance.

If. This. Were a five day or a seven day we would we'd be already into instant and rapid inductions and you'd be. So bored with the four.

Magic. Bullets that it would make you cry even though that's the slowest induction that we do right. Because you don't actually need inductions inductions are rituals for the sake of the hypnotist and sometimes the client right. And that's why we don't do the progressive boredom.

I mean progress. Progressive relaxation inductions okay. It shouldn't take to ever take you 20 minutes to get somebody into a state if you've screened them properly since this is a self-work. Focus we're not going to spend a lot of time on intakes and those kinds of things right.

Okay. So are you ready to go with a chance with me yes. Very very cool if you want to keep the. Hat on or take it off um whatever makes you happy.

I'm good with it. I'm good with it do you like the. Hat. So.

Close. Your. Eyes. For.

Me take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart. Wendy all. I want you to do is relax let go in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids. I like you to relax them more until they're. So relaxed you just don't want to work that's right.

Until they're. So relaxed you couldn't actually open them without tensing them back up again and when you know you've got them that relaxed just give them a little test to be sure that's right. Now stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take into.

Every. Beat of your heart. Wendy all. I want you to do is relax.

Guided by the sound of my voice any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment people moving in and out of the building moving their stuff around that's not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact it's only going to. Signal you to relax let go to go deeper and deeper than ever before wonderful feelings emerging from your mind and body as you do that and every time you go into trance you'll go deeper than the time before you have a more amazing more powerful more wonderful experience now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you.

I'm going to pick up your left hand with the fingers of my right. Hand. I don't want you to help me or hinder me in any way in fact all. I want you to do is let that hand fall into your lap or onto the side of the chair only at the rate and speed that you can double triple maybe even quadruple that sense of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen loose and.

Limp like a wet dish towel that's right. Like a lip noodle perfect you're doing fantastic. Lending now in a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to open and close your eyes.

Each and every time you close your eyes. I want you to double triple maybe even quadruple that sense of physical relaxation want it to happen expect it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen in your eyes. For me all the way up close your eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still that's right.

You're doing fantastic opening those eyes. All the way up closing those eyes. All the way down ten times deeper. Every.

Breath. You. Take taking you deeper. Every.

Beat of your heart deeper still the sound of my voice still opening those eyes. All the way up one. Last time all the way down a thousand times deeper than ever before wonderful waves of sensation and relaxation flowing all throughout your mind and all throughout your body you may notice as you go through this process that your body twitches and moves and that's just the natural releases of tension the signs of a body going through the stages of relaxation just allow that process to take place exactly what to do you know how to do it now at a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

Wendy. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've relaxed your body we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to relax to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter z with each and.

Every. Breath. You. Take in each and every beat of your heart all.

I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way now. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're gone and you're as deeply relaxed in mind as you are in the body all. I want you to do is allow your other than conscious mind to let one of your fingers float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process that's right.

Perfect now just go ten times deeper into relaxation as you listen to the sound of my voice and. I count backwards from five to one you'll find that sense of relaxation that inner peace that openness and willing to follow the instructions and obey the commands growing stronger and stronger within you and. I just want to thank your other than conscious mind for allowing us to work with her to teach her some really cool stuff that'll make her feel. So much better and give you the life you want the way you want it.

So once you begin to imagine yourself going down five deeper and deeper drifting dreaming floating. Guided by the sound of my voice for feeling wonderful. Sensations all throughout your mind and all throughout your body three deeper still two and one very very deep in this relaxing place that's right. Let the feelings come up let them come out because as they come up and they come out as your field of you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them it's all dissolved and resolved from the body it's all dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons now in a moment. Monday not yet. But in just a moment. I'd like you to use that amazing imagination of yours that.

I know that you have. I'd like you to imagine that as if by some magical transference process we find ourselves in a beautiful dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls almost like being inside of a large gray egg as we look. Around this room we notice some really interesting things right. In the center of the room is what looks like a beautiful glowing fireplace beautiful roaring fire and it radiates a warmth and a sense of peace and safety and the waves just kind of wash over you water from a warm shower now.

I don't know if you've ever seen those time lapse movies of a of a flower blossom opening to full bloom. But when that energy from that flame washes over you you could feed it's almost like you could feel every cell of your body opening like one of those blossoms to drink in that fun wonderful playful energy that soothing energy that gives you everything you most want and everything you most need ever increasing. Unlimited. Supply filling you with safety and comfort a sense of inner peace carry that just gets stronger and the stronger that you can just breathe that energy and notice what happens inside that's right.

Perfect in every way and realize for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe this energy will go with you. Unlimited. Supply giving him everything you most want in fact if you were to see yourself in the mirror right. Now you might actually see yourself standing significantly taller than the people you know as if your internal image the way you see yourself and the way you move through the world is becoming empowered nourished in some way.

Larger than. Life and as you look. Around this room you notice that would appear on the wall looked to be like colored squares and there's a part of you that instinctively realizes that one set of squares represent all the wonderful powerful amazing things about. Wendy all the things that make you feel strong confident worthy deserving authentic protected and safe the resources that you consciously understand and recognize.

But most importantly. Wendy the ones you unconsciously understand and recognize the secret resources that activated times of stress in times of emergency when things need to get done the things that cause you to prevail they're there too now those other squares on the wall they represent all the not. So positive stuff all the less than positive beliefs memories experiences ideas lessons that were imprinted in you in times and places when you didn't have any defenses when you didn't know what was going on there they're on that wall too things you consciously remember things you consciously understand. But most importantly.

Wendy things you uncut the things you unconsciously understand secret things have been stored away locked away in the body awaiting a time when. Guided by the right. Expertise with the right. Technique you could go deep inside and tell your neurology tell your other than conscious mind what to do with them instead and when you're ready.

Wendy and only when you're ready. I'd like you to walk up in your mind to one of those squares on the wall that represents a less than positive belief memory or experience. I'd like you to reach out with your dominant hand. I'd like you to touch it for me that's right.

And with your other hand. I'd like you to notice as you touch that piece. I want you to notice there's a place in your body where that feeling lives. I want you to touch it with your other hand just show me where that is excellent and when you're ready when the only when you're ready now.

I want you to rip that sucker right. Off the wall. I want you to crumple it up in your hands as you crumple it up in your hands. I want you to notice that feeling in your body to be able to shift to change all the connections all the control that's ever had are exerted over your life beginning to break up and dissolve and when you're.

Finally ready to get rid of it. Wendy. I want you to throw it in that fire foreign. Feel the.

Rush feel that flame double in size and strength force and magnitude feel that energy burning out of your mind burning out of your body for all the right. Reasons just notice the process taking place let it run its course when you know it's done that's it take all the time you need there's no. Rush when you know it's done just nod your head to let me know let your body. Express whatever it needs to express remember something the only place a less than positive feeling can hurt you is where we've been taught to keep them locked inside our minds and locked inside our body as we feel it we reveal it that's we reveal it we heal it when you know it's gone try to bring it back and notice what happens instead what do you notice it doesn't come back excellent well done when you're ready.

Wendy and only when you were ready. Reach. Out grab that. Next.

Square touch that. Next. Square on the wall that's perfect notice where in your body you feel it and point to that for me that's right. As you point to where you feel it.

I want you to when you're ready rip that sucker right. Off the wall crumple that sucker up in your hand feel all the changes in your body feel that sensation shift and change losing its control over you it's hold on you zero relevance on your life forever as you gain complete. Mastery over your mind body and soul and when you're. Finally ready to get rid of it into the fire it goes all of a sudden that flame doublesh in size and strength force and magnitude feel that wave of energy rushing over you over and over and over again washing away all the stress all the strain all the ramifications of that old feeling just notice the process taking place allow it to run its course as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it notice the process taking place when you know it's done well you know it's gone try to bring it back and notice what happens instead what do you notice sweetie that's right.

We're gonna go through this together one more time. But. I'm going to be with you through this entire process. I want you to reach out touch one of those squares that you want to get rid of notice where in your body you feel it rip it off the wall only rip it out of your body too if you want that's good too pull that out sometimes it hides right.

As you look. At it you got it all you sure double check to be sure sometimes it hides and. I see sometimes they find it right. That's right.

Is there a square on the wall that corresponds to that or is it just in your body that's there oh perfect throw it in that fire. Feel the. Rush feel that wave after wave after wave of heat as that flame doubles in size and strength force and magnitude over and over and over again spreading all throughout your mind all throughout your body notice the process taking place let the emotional detox the cleansing process run its course when you know it's done if only when you know it's done try to bring it back and notice what happens it's right. You're doing fantastic.

I'm very proud of you now the process here is very simple. Wendy at the rate and speed that you find the most comfortable that you're able and willing to do this. I want you to go through every nook. And cranny of this gray room.

I want you to find every less than positive square that corresponds to something you want to get rid of or something that shouldn't be there whatever things you consciously remember things you unconsciously remember. But remember this if it's on that wall it's already clear for removal it's okay. To get rid of this. I want you to take all the time you need to rip those suckers.

Off the. Wall notice where you feel them crumple them up throw them in the fire and set yourself free and make sure you look. Under all the positive squares because sometimes that gets misfiled take all the time you need go for it oh that's right. Go for it that's it that's my girl you got this that's it rip that out man should be a technical term mind you notice how good it feels to take charge for all the right.

Reasons because from this moment on. Wendy you're the boss you're the queen of your domain you're the god of your universe and you have absolute. Authority right. And privilege to make any changes that you want any time you want for all the right.

Reasons and just keep going that's it watch those. Flames doubling in size and strength force and magnitude feel that. Vitality flooding your mind filling all those spaces with the things you most want the things you most desire the sensations the feelings the perceptions of yourself the world and everything in it that give you the most satisfaction and fulfillment that make you feel strong confident worthy deserving always good enough let those things fill you up like water fills up a bottle one small distinction this just keeps going it just keeps filling you up and filling you up and filling you up like somebody turned on the tap and just left it running oh that's how good that feels double check the room make sure we've got it all we know we know we've got it all just nod your head to let me know yeah see gotta check foreign doubling in size and strength force and magnitude. Washington was around your mind all throughout your body solving dissolving and resolving from the mind solving dissolving and resolving from the body for all the right.

Reasons that's how different you feel somebody knows yeah now when that lasts spit of stuff we like to call it shit's a technical term when that. Last piece goes in the fire something amazing begins to happen all of the remaining squares all of the ones that represent all the amazing wonderful powerful um awesome things about. Wendy they begin to. Glow with an inner fire an inner.

Radiance they begin to grow they begin to expand they begin to blend into one another forming a brilliant glowing sheet of wallpaper surrounding encoding the very inside of this room surrounding you with all the things that make you awesome that give you the things you most want the things you most need and desire at the deepest most fundamental level of your being flood in your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit in an endless infinite ever expanding. Unlimited. Supply of all the things that are absolutely awesome about you and making them stronger more powerful than ever. I just want you to notice that process taking place become aware of it notice how your body shifts and changes breathe those energies through your entire being notice any places of tightness or density and breathe that energy through it and notice what happens lock those energies in until they're impossible to turn off when they become impossible to turn off it's not your head to let me know try to turn them off notice what happens instead very good you're doing fantastic as a natural byproduct of the work you've done here today.

I'm going to give you a special gift a special talent. From. This. Moment.

On anytime you see somebody performing hypnosis someone who has more experience than you you're other than conscious mind will immediately take a powerful snapshot of everything they're doing right. She'll integrate them into everything you're learning about hypnosis and you'll be able to do it faster more powerfully more effectively you'll be filled with these wonderful. Sensations these wonderful feelings and you'll be able to perform hypnosis flawlessly both as the operator and hypnotist and each and every time you go into an altered state you'll go 10 times deeper than the time before all the positive suggestions that you most like that you most desire that work the best for you to give you you the life you want the way you want it will be 10 times more powerful 10 times more permanent 10 times more positive locked into that part of your neurology mind body and soul that most wants desires can express embody and facilitate these transitions these. Transformations.

Revelations and modifications only in the ways that give you the life you want now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you'll emerge from the state bringing all of these.

Transformations. Revelations and modifications with you embodying them at every level of your neurology mind body and soul expressing them in every way each day better than the day before number one if you were a brand new reality winner a reality you're the one who knows how to do that you're the one who's followed the process has tested the results has experienced the transformations in all the right. Ways number two all of my suggestions for me from you to your very own other than conscious mind or now ten times more powerful ten times more permanent 10 times more irresistible locked into held on to that part of your neurology mind-body and soul that keeps your heart beating your lungs breathing and every other part of you operating at maximum. Optimal.

Performance and it only gets better number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle is circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve in your other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those. Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most efficient way for the good of yourself nothing sir number four because it's all for you. Wendy you followed the instructions you've done the work you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've earned the rewards and the right.

To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life and you start living it now on the. Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology mind body and soul understands recognizes comprehends and realizes you've got it experiencing them living them embodying these traits qualities and characteristics all in the ways that make your life better had clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive ready to thrive number five your time come on back notice how good you feel a big round of applause for. Wendy [Applause] all right. Um.

I would ask you what that was like. But. I think we know how do you feel great very good she's still in transit her processed okay. You guys have any questions about the process.

I use. I added a few bells and whistles. But you're going to use [Music] this. I do exactly what you saw it doesn't matter again.

I'm always talking to her unconscious don't over complicate it well at one point you said other than your conscious mind at one point. I did yes. Probably uh required remember what. I told him about about overthinking keep it simple [Applause] if you don't get the big pieces you'll never get the little pieces in okay.

Follow the basic format pay attention now you'll notice. I she she was a good responder and she had some stuff in there didn't she. So. I just went right.

Into session work. I. I almost blasted everybody. But.

I will try to keep the demo and. I didn't. I don't and with great room. I can do pretty much anything.

I want that's the point guys within the gray room. Anything. Goes it's a staging area for any other process you want to do right. Now what we did with her was a general clearing process.

I didn't need to know a damn thing right. But obviously she was clearing some stuff did you know what everything was or what are some things you just not right. Yeah you don't need to know that's another big myth perpetuated by hypnotists that you actually need to know what this is no. You don't because there's a part of you that always knows and if it knows enough to generate a feeling and you can find the feeling it knows what to do with it if you tell it to it won't by itself most often you need to give it a mechanism you need to give it a metaphor that every level understands keep it simple now did.

I create the hologram to have her use that amazing imagination of yours boom we're in it. I'm doing it with her right. That's my mirror neurons sending and reinforcing the messages. I'm giving her linguistically you know you know there's some issue your patients now the more vague you make it the faster it works this is what.

I mean we get too specific now. I can get specific if there was a certain area in her life that we wanted to focus on after we did this gray room. I might create a little door that leads to another gray room that focuses on all the issues pertaining to a specific area of her life if. I didn't that's not what this exercise is for you can you can.

Nest infinite gray rooms and go anywhere you want you understand yes. You can give me a hug doesn't matter who. Applause for the lady three by three go you have lots of legal pads you know how to use them.
