Title: egYoQFk8zno.txt
Video Id: egYoQFk8zno
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egYoQFk8zno

Hello hello hello ladies and gentlemen i'm dr david snyder welcome to irresistible influence and charisma secrets of this is part of our killer influence training program uh our flagship influence and training system uh i'll be your host for the. Next two three four hours depending on how far down the influence rabbit hole you want to go before we get into tonight's training i do. However want to go over some administrative things and i want to cover a few bases that this content in particular tends to provoke in people. First of all um if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of your time if you're somebody who've used any form of influence as unethical or um satanic this is probably not the best use of your time okay.

If you are tired of hearing no. In your life if you would like to actually um express yourself more eloquently more charismatically to have people hanging on your every word to like and love and trust you and give you your do and your say in this world this is probably some place that you're gonna wanna you know take a lot of notes do a lot of drills now for those i know a lot of you are joining us from the uk from australia um from uh europe as well as um canada right. I love you all and i know you guys are in different time zones in fact um my my uh my organization and i had a meeting a couple of days ago where we're going to start testing uh doing webinars just for you folks in the european time zones and things like that. But again that's not gonna happen like immediately um.

But there will be a replay for this. So if you did you know if you if this is your. First time with us you know and uh you didn't schedule enough time or it's really late where you are and i love you all for for hanging out with us uh there will be a replay okay. The only thing is that with the replay you might miss out on some of the like the fact like we always have an offer connected to our our events just to be upfront with that right.

But my goal for for you is for you to come away with a handful of solid real world actionable things you don't have to believe a single thing that we're going to teach you on this webinar everything we're going to teach you is proven you don't have to believe it you just have to do it we've distilled it down to a few sets of mechanical processes that if you just approach these things with a fun playful explorational let's see what happens attitude you'll be astonished at how rapidly these things actually start to work for you okay. Especially when we start to talk about simple things that on the surface when you. First hear about them shouldn't work. But when you actually use them in the field they do you know it's always fun for me to to get the field reports right.

So let's go ahead and start with getting to know you getting to know all about you sorry i had a broadway moment i'm really excited because uh my kids just signed up i tried out for the school musical and they both got lead roles. So i'm excited about that my my theater background my theater jeans have been passed on. So yay kasia and sophia that won't see this. But it's all right.

So. First and foremost if you're a. First timer with us i want you to type your name where you're checking in from and what do you most want to be able to do as a byproduct of participating in tonight's webinar just type it in and and let us know what you want okay. If you're a veteran of planet david you've been be bopping around planet david for a month two months a year three years four years if you're like seth reid bart a hundred years right.

More people recognize the back of his head than recognize the front of mine go ahead and type your name how long you've been in planet david and the reason i ask that is because for those of you who are brand new to planet david right. Um you expect me to have an agenda beyond just the content of the webinar you expect me to say my stuff is the best you should get my stuff and all that stuff well i don't want you to listen to me except to learn how to do this stuff i want you to listen to the people right. Beside you in the chat the people been using this material for five six seven eight months a year two years three years and and for those of you who have been uh in planet david for a while who have real world experience using these materials when you see a question in the chat that i don't see it because there's a million things running by at you know or it's not relevant to what we're talking about if you have an actual real world experience utilizing the techniques to solve the problem or answer the question that these people have i would i would ask you to please answer the question right. Now we're not here to spam each other or call each other names i'm not a persuasion cop i'm here to empower you i'm here to teach you the skills and the techniques of ethical influence that you can deploy starting tonight okay.

So once again my disclaimer if politically incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is not the best use of your time if the word killer in my title offends you you are probably not my audience okay. We don't vilify words ever right. Um and again that's just you know some people get their hackles raised and this is kind of where again we get back to basics this is about empowerment this is about moving through the world creating the life you want getting the results you want the way that you want it if you follow the instructions you'll get the results if you just watch the webinar and don't do anything you'll uh you won't get anything right. If you don't change what you do you won't change the results that you get okay.

Second of all if this is the scope of everything that there is to cover in the field of human influence we have time for this much. So my commitment my promise to you is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take your skills to the. Next level all right. I'm committed to you i will be here as long as i need to to get you the content i want to deliver tonight in a way that you can go out and use it and take you to the.

Next level is it fair for me to do that if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat cool all right. All right. I'm going to begin the what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show in just a minute. But i have a few more administrative things that i want to get out of the way really really quick.

First and foremost i see you all have questions you all have comments and things that you want me to answer because i have a format that i have to follow and we and we're going to do tonight what we call a free form webinar what that means is for the. First hour hour and 15 minutes i am going to deliver the foundations of human influence to you the most powerful principles that you need to have starting today to start getting more yeses in your life hearing knows a lot less and having people like love and trust you okay. Regardless of the situation or circumstance the techniques i'm going to share with you believe it or not are actually universal they will work in the boardroom the classroom the treatment room the bedroom the therapy room the courtroom they are super powerful there's no. Theory here it's all proven okay.

I have regularly have students pulling down six and seven figure verdicts and juries and trials getting out of parking tickets speeding tickets things of that nature um getting all kinds of dates sorting and getting high quality upping their upping their conversion rates by 40 50 60 these are things that are not just possible in my world if you apply these skills the way i teach you in my world i believe they're inevitable. But you don't have to believe it you just got to do it okay. So that being said though i know you're going to have a lot of questions and where it is relevant i will answer those questions. So i'm going to for the.

First hour and 15 minutes i'm just going to lay the foundations. Then i'm going to separate there is an offer connected tonight like i said i'm going to show you how to take it to the. Next level if you want to go and get the full system. Then i'll show you how to do that along with some nice bonuses and ways to really get the biggest bang for your buck once that's part two of this webinar is done i'm going to circle back and i'm going to pick up where we left off in part one and i'm going to continue to teach i'm going to continue to build on the foundations i'm going to tailor and customize the content of tonight's webinar.

So that you get the exact skill sets you need to move your life forward in the way that's relevant to you. So expect for me to um you know like i said teach you skill sets and uh build on that and and customize it. So um i was gonna say something else. But i kind of open loop myself there uh for those of you who are do want your questions answered there are three ways you can get your questions answered hey ask it in the chat if i see it and it's relevant to the point i'm teaching at in the webinar i'll answer it uh if i chances are i won't see it though if you still want your question answered post it in the chat my veterans my my planet david students and and certified instructors will happily answer your questions okay.

If you still aren't satisfied if you still want more direct input from me at the end of this replay youtube will automatically render a version of this webinar and put it on my youtube channel under the live events tab if you go to the comments section of that youtube video and write and type your question in i always review daily usually more than once a day um all the questions and comments in the newest videos for about seven to ten days and i make sure to go in and answer all of your questions. So you got three ways that you can get your questions answered okay. So you guys ready to play you guys ready to learn some cool stuff type yes. If you're ready this is a by the way this is a interactive webinar the more interactive you are the more powerfully you will experience this particular information okay.

All right. So that being said for the benefit of those of us in who are brand new to playing david let me just kind of expand my windows here because i've got everything kind of crunched together um you know i'll just i'll just tucked and i'll show my powerpoint all right. Let's go back to this. So.

First and foremost who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care. First thing you should know i am an actual doctor of integrative chinese medicine this is a copy of my diploma from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing and licensed acupuncturist since 2005. i have a clinic in solana beach california where my specialty is treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion um some some people who are therapists and neuro-linguistic programmers and things of that nature hypnotists you know they get a lot of smoke cessation and weight loss and things like that uh from the very get-go i started with pain and you know chronic and intractable pain and we just kept evolving and dealing with more and more terminal illnesses and we as we delve deeper and deeper into the in the foundation of these illnesses we've discovered an emotional component a memory based component that when you dealt with it their stuff just started to go away and the science is now starting to prove this. So there's we have a lot of insight into how the mind manufactures just about everything. So.

But that's not directly relevant to the content tonight. But it is if you understand how the big picture. So for those what is most directly relevant to tonight is the fact that in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus.org for the. Last five years i have been in the top two uh train among trainers in the nlp world in fact i've actually uh beaten the founders a couple of times which did not make me popular with my mentors.

But. Anyway that's a different client different story for a different day i've also authored over 15 actually a lot more now over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything ranging from um you know conversational persuasion conversational hypnosis to advance storytelling and metaphor techniques based on neuroscience uh behavioral influence technologies uh body language um reframing techniques conversational belief changes nlp trainings uh hypnotherapy things of that nature we have a huge huge um library of content that we've created that is all real world proven we'll get you the biggest bang for your buck in the shortest amount of time for possible tonight's information is drawn directly from one of the most powerful and most popular courses we ever created in fact it was one of the very. First courses that we created and it was called killer influence and the reason i bring that up is because in 2020 this is a letter from globalgurus.org and i'm going to read this to you it says dear david it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program for the world in nlp you can see that here when you click on this link you can see all the different courses that were in the running and killer influence once again was named the best in the world. So this course has stood the test of time these techniques cut right.

Through the and get you right. Into the the nuts and bolts persuasion and influence tactics that work pretty much in any situation or circumstance they're almost impossible to get caught doing and even if you do get caught doing them there's nothing bad or malevolent or unethical or tricky to catch in fact the people who do catch you will usually wind up signaling themselves as being a little on the skeevy side and i'll explain why that is as we go in. So one of the things we're going to share with you tonight is the the fastest way to hack the human nervous system and create very powerful very deep very abiding connections in people that people will fight to keep how to have people hanging on your every word and much much more right. But if you really want to get the biggest bang for your buck okay.

Josh is saying tired of feeling verbally bullied there's a course we teach called renegade reframing and the art of conversational belief change that is exactly the course that you need okay. Uh and it is an extension of the content that we're going to be covering tonight. So if that's something that um is important to you and believe me especially now it is uh you want to stay on until tonight let's talk about what else we're going to be talking about tonight i'm going to go back to my uh my powerpoint and just make sure that everybody's up to speed. So again on the surface this may not seem relevant it all will be revealed in just a moment i have a 10th degree black belt in riku kempo karate i'm a lifelong martial artist much of what i have learned in the martial arts i have translated into the killer influence system they have become principles that have allowed us to take this body of information to a whole new level i have a four degree black belt in shaolin kuntana secondary black blood and kosher kim you can you can read all that i have more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers.

So you can see that there's a lot of energetics there's a lot of martial arts and strategy training that's going into this mind principles especially from combat systema system is probably one of the best martial arts for those of us who are interested in influence and persuasion to actually study because it has more ways to affect and impact a person's nervous system than any other system and i've studied a lot of them that i've played with and i love all the martial arts. But something about how they teach in systema really really resonates with people who are into human potentials okay. I'm a certified reiki master and teacher i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool i'm an advanced uh chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist advanced dna theta healer banks in many forms of qigong and we have a big training coming up in costa rica this may. So those who you're interested in really cool real world energetics where you can do really cool in a short amount of time you might want to consider coming out.

But the big question when people come on onto a webinar especially with me and i start going through this dr david laundry list here is this what do all these things have in common and that's pattern recognition and what do they have to do with human influence well pretty much everything you see everything human beings do has a structure to it everything human beings do follows patterns we are pattern driven creatures we have patterns of thinking patterns of biology patterns of of speaking patterns of movement and once you can begin to perceive these patterns in these structures you can begin to do several things a you can begin to predict what's going to happen. Next and with a high degree of accuracy the. Next thing is is you can actually influence those patterns you can inject information at certain key points in those patterns and cause a predictable deviation because you know the structure and that brings us back to the. Next piece the final piece is because you understand structure if you understand and we're going to give you the master keys to that tonight it's not it's actually not hard as opposed to what many anal peers would have you believe um.

But once you understand the structure of human thought and how it relates to the structure of human language and behavior you can begin to communicate in a very precise set of structures that will cause very predictable responses in human beings and isn't that why you're here if you think about it most of us are here to take the randomness out of our life to have more control in a positive way over our jobs our love lives our our friendships our social circles right. Isn't that really why you're here and it's okay. To own those words like control and power right. And if those words kind of skeeve you out a little bit there's some work you need to do we have classes for that okay.

But this is a class for people who want to take charge who want the. Next three four five six seven decades of their life to be different than the. First few and if you want something different you got to be willing to embrace something different right. And as long as you are fun and playful and explorational you will rapidly discover a new and powerful way to take charge of your life and start getting the answers you want and the behaviors you want from people right.

Away starting tonight now it sounds like a big promise. But you don't got to believe it you just got to do it okay. So let me go ahead and start with let's go back to the powerpoint all right. I'm going to read these to you if any of these resonate with you i just would you type i want that or that's for me in the chat how many of you would like to be super attractive to the opposite sex and maybe even make them find you charming and fascinating and irresistible if you've liked some of that for yourself or like more of that for yourself type it in the chat if you'd like to be able to actually analyze somebody's behavior and in 20 minutes know if they're someone you should slot into the oh hell no.

Category the uh acquaintance category the friends category the friends with benefits category the long-term partner category or the oh let's go get married now category stay on the webinar if you want to learn how to do something like that go ahead and type that in the chat that is possible for you tonight if you pay attention to the techniques i'm going to be sharing with you if you'd like to make more money from your job or book. More clients for your business or get that raise or promotion you know that you deserve type i want that in the chat right. This is for you okay. If you want to protect yourself i know i think it was john or jay was talking about feeling bullied all the time if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and easily handle difficult people more easily if you would like to see them coming before they have a chance to screw up your life when would now be a good time to type i want that in the chat right.

Uh if you want to have people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to and to naturally follow your lead type i want that in the chat okay. Sounds like a big ass believe it or not it only takes a handful a few basic techniques learned really really well to get an eighty percent turnaround or more in your you know sixty eighty percent turnaround or more in your life right. There's always outliers right. Nothing is a hundred percent nothing works for everybody.

But everything works for somebody right. These have the highest degree of percentage these are the highest percentage influence techniques i have found they have made their way into uh intelligence training into law enforcement into sales and marketing into therapy they are proven over and over and over again okay. If you'd like to be able to have you know surround yourself with with true loving friends who are actually authentic and see the true the real you this is probably a good place for you to be tonight right. Now this is not for you if you want to move through the world taking things from people and leaving them a huddled mass of or a dried husk on the side of the road this is not for the people who are predators these are these are the people who are the protectors and the nurturers of the world who want more of what they deserve in life without having to get over on somebody else right.

This information will change your life that being said let's go ahead and talk about one more thing my personal promise to you i'm gonna throw this back up on the powerpoint my promise to you tonight my friends if you stay until the end of tonight's webinar i'm gonna teach you the fastest most powerful and ethical way to influence anyone to like sometimes obey you for any reason okay. Sounds like a lot believe me when i actually don't believe me just learn the techniques go out and do them and prove it to yourself these techniques work in the cart in the boardroom the bar room the classroom the treatment room the bedroom the courtroom pretty much any place human language and human interaction is involved these techniques get the job done i'm going to show you in very simple ways that you're not going to believe how to have people hanging on your every word how to have them literally find you the most fascinating charismatic conversationalist they've ever experienced i'm going to teach you how to have them salivating literally to do what you want them to do and thank you for the opportunity to do it i'm going to teach you how to control your emotions and remove resistance to your influence and actually depending on which direction you guys decide on tonight make them actually want to do the things they just told you they did not want to do and. Finally when you stay on to the end of this webinar and you follow all the instructions i'm going to give you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation and persuasion in minimum time that's my promise to you and like i said before um we're going to talk about the secret backdoor into the human nervous system for unstoppable influence we're going to teach you the secrets of emotional bonding and attraction the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence and how to remove resistance to your influence a little known formula for getting people to want to do the things they said they did not want to do and we're going to teach you how to take control. So if you're ready for that go ahead and type that in type in the chat i'm ready and we'll get into it i'm still here forever you guys are funny all right.

Very good very good now a lot of you like when i start to talk you know again i'm going to talk about for about an hour hour 15 i'm going to give content i'm going to lay foundations we're going to at about the hour hour 15 minute mark i'm going to show you the package i put together for you i'm going to explain that to you it's going to take anywhere from you know 20 30 minutes. Then we're going to circle back we're going to pick up with part 1 and for the. Next 60 90 minutes. However long it is i'm gonna i'm gonna build on those foundations i'm gonna give you more techniques we're gonna do drills we're gonna get some results make sure you have paper make sure you have something to write on these techniques tend to work best when you hand write them versus when you type them typing will still work.

But handwriting them is actually better okay. So let's go ahead and jump in. So the techniques that we're going to talk about tonight are derived from the cpi slash killer influence system cpi stands for converse a critical path of influence we have a whole training style devoted to hypnotic languaging called the conversational persuasion and influence silo there's four levels to it they both start with the same place this slide that you're seeing in front of you is known as the universal persuasion protocol the. First thing you need to understand before you begin any form of influence or any form of persuasion is you need to know what it is you want to achieve you need to know your outcome okay.

So let me just grab let me just see if i can mark this here you got to know what you want if you don't know what you want good luck getting anything else in fact i don't know if we'll talk about hypnotic language tonight or not uh we have some really powerful hypnotic language patterns we can share with you tonight. But it'll that'll be in part two of the webinar um part three i'm sorry um you're not you need to know what you want in many cases you can't even begin to do hypnotic language until you've set an outcome now your outcome doesn't need to be this big complicated egregious multi-level uh process that nlp likes to to do um you know in nlp if this were an nlp class which it is not by the way um they would say you need to have keys to an achievable outcome you need to know if your your outcome is ecological right. What. So they're going to want to know is measurable in in sensory based language is it timely is it practical does it re does it revolve around somebody else doing something you have no.

Control over we don't need to know that what we need to know to set positive outcomes to set an outcome to begin the process of influencing is what we want and we need some way to know what we're getting okay. Now you can you can you can get as complicated or uh you know comprehensive in the the parameters of that as you want. But at the end of the day if you want to begin to exert influence you need to have a goal right. And that goal could be as simple as getting somebody to like you it could be as simple as getting somebody to smile at you and the way and and you need to know how you do that right.

And again that's for you to define i'm not going to give you those if you come to killer influence which you'll have an opportunity. Later on if you come to killer influence training we'll show you very powerful comprehensive ways to do that. But for tonight's webinar you just need to know what you want and how you know you've got it does that make sense type in the chat this is the interactive portion of the webinar okay. Now quick question how many of you would like to be up to 31 better at everything if you would type it in the chat right.

Okay. Here's how it works and there's strategic reasons and there's scientific reasons all you have to do when if you want to be 30 percent better at everything is be playful the studies show that when you adopt an easy going explorational playful mindset and attitude you are 31 more competent in influence and persuasion you are 31 more resourceful 31 percent more perceptive 30 more spontaneous 31 percent more um connective with other people now that particular statistic comes from a very very um easy going i'm being facetious when i say easy going low stakes discipline it's called hostage negotiation right. Fbi researchers when studying the effects of attitude and state during hostage negotiations discovered that when the negotiator themself was in an easy-going playful explorational state they were 31 of everything i just talked about and this is what's important for tonight's webinar their counterpart the hostage taker the bad guy the one who's once a million dollars or a billion dollars in a plane to some non-extradition country they were 31 percent more compliant and isn't that why you're here tonight to get more people to do what you want them to do yes. Or yes.

Type it in the chat. So think about it. First key tonight is if you want if you want to be 31 more influential across the board you know i think the only thing that is is more hostile an environment than. Then hostage negotiation is maybe in la or new york singles bar which thanks to covid we can't go to anymore unless we're wearing masks which is kind of creepy if you think about it.

But we'll show you how to how to change that around too okay. Um. So yeah um where was i i was talking about um 31 better everything right. So if all you if all you did if you learned nothing else from the.

Next webinar was to adopt a fun playful attitude you would be 31 percent more um influential now here's the thing that that i want to put across from you from an interpersonal level this playful attitude neutralizes people's defensiveness uh when you approach people their reptile brain starts trying to sort you into one of two categories you're either friend or foe you're either a stranger or you're somebody they know when you approach people this is especially true for people who have dating applications in mind when you approach somebody with moist relief on the agenda whether you're male or female i don't really care when you approach somebody with a sexual agenda or a sex on the on the on the menu in any way shape or form their mirror neurons pick up that intention and their defenses go up when you adopt a fun easy-going playful energy the playfulness of it actually lowers their defensiveness it lowers their um their unwillingness to interact with you it doesn't mean they're gonna they're gonna drop their clothes and jump into bed with you. But it does mean they are far more willing to interact with you okay. So there's no. Place where this fun playful easy going explorational attitude won't help you now here's a rule that we have in planet david um and in spite of what nlp likes to teach us or what like they like to share with us i'm going to give you um this and i want you to i want you to post it all over your house anywhere you can i often joke to my students i want you to tattoo it inside your eyelids in reverse.

So every time you go to sleep at night it's what you're looking at everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of okay. Now if nlp will not get this again this is not an nlp class you don't need a background in nlp for any of this to work for you you just got to do what i tell you to do okay. But you know nlp will tell you that some people are visual and some people are auditory and some people are kinesthetic and some people are olfactory and some people are gustatory and believe it or not even though it's a much smaller percentage there are olfactory ingustory people out there i've met them i've worked with them. But it can really mess with the people who are not oriented towards that and there's a strong bias in nlp on vak everyone you meet at the end of the day is a kinesthetic every decision they make every action they take emerges from a feeling and.

Then an action which are both kinesthetic data points their kinesthetic functions are or attributes. So many many years ago i kept coming up to this thing over and over and over again about nlp has a concept called decision strategies which you'll learn about um and there's two versions of that how many times you have to go through a certain mental process before you reach a decision and you act and. Then how many times you know what the exact sequence is. But both of them end in a kinesthetic in other words you cycle through this process in your brain in other words it's a structure that you cycle through a certain number of times which is a pattern your body generates a feeling and.

Then you act on that feeling does is that does that make sense i mean i'm trying to really simplify it because we don't need a lot of nlp we need actual techniques. But you understand what that means is that for everything that you think about you cycle through it in a certain way a certain number of times your body generates a feeling and you act on that feeling. So here's the fastest way to change anybody's body feelings your job actually is to move through the world using these techniques that i'm going to share with you your job is to give the person you're seeking to influence the feelings they need to have to make to take the actions you want them to take you understand that that's your job and if you everything we have distilled down to this is to give them the feelings the body feelings that they want to have. So that they will make from their own processes take the actions you want them to make now what's the fastest way to change another person's body feelings to change yours.

First this goes to back to this diagram that we just talked that i just showed you called the cpi model or the universal persuasion protocol let me make this just a little bit bigger because i don't know how this comes across on your screen when i share this. So if you look. At the universal persuasion protocol the. First thing that has to happen is we have to control our state in other words we have to and in in planet david state control is the ability to enter or exit any psycho-emotional state at will in any order or sequence that you want.

Then it goes into level two which is report and rapport is neurological entrainment it's the ability to connect with the nervous system of another human being or a group of human beings and transfer that state to them to create a powerful neurological connection that information is flowing through that you control that you you manage and you you manage and. Then to use your language to manage their state you jump into their process and you link it to their criteria and values. So that's the whole sequence now this particular this particular sequence works in any situation or circumstance where language is involved let me let me jump back to you let me make that let me let me state that again the model i just share with you control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their emotional criteria and values works any place language is involved texting phone conversations video chats emails sales copy anyplace human language is involved this process is the formula that you follow. So how do you feel paulina i'm going to show you that in ver i'm going to teach you the fastest way to hack a person's process in the.

Next couple segments. So just stick with it okay. Because if you take texting absolutely ian absolutely okay. I know it sounds like how can that possibly be believe me when i say well actually don't believe me just do this do the drills we'll get the skills okay.

Now obviously i can't teach you every single thing there is in the cpi protocol right. I can't teach you the entire i can't drill down that's why you have three and five day trainings we have a full day our full weekend training on the cpi model the linguistic aspects of this in february of 2022 in orlando florida and if you're interested in that you can reach out to stephanie and i'll show you how to do that at the end of the webinar we also have a four day event coming up in april which is a killer influence training which goes in a very different direction planet david is truly no. Thank you for that fact. Last time i went to australia one of the ladies down there wanted to put it on t-shirt she said david snyder all the you need and all the you don't right.

And that's what this is about there's no. Bs. But here's the thing our job as we move through the world is to manufacture the feelings in people that cause them to want to do the things that we want them to do now there are people out there who are very academic who are very learned who pride themselves on their logic and on their ren and rationality and their analytical abilities i don't do that yeah you do you analyze and you analyze and you process and. Then you get a feeling that is correct and.

Then you act on it okay. The fact that you're you know overlooking that that final step where you have a feeling that it's the right. Thing to do is still there okay. Now um where am i at um.

So the other thing i want you to understand about this universal persuasion protocol is that it works in a different way you'll notice over here you'll notice over here we have this target diagram right. Now here's why whenever you see the cpi model the universal persuasion protocol expressed graphically this is what it looks like control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process bond or link to their criterion values we're going to talk about this a lot today the reason this is structured like this like a target is because everything on the outside of the circles is global in other words they work on everyone who is in your sphere of influence who is in your line of sight or range of your voice as you move through to the center of the diagram each level multiplies the previous level. But this is an important distinction the influence gets progressively more targeted to an individual or specific group of individuals. So the long and short of this is is you can take all this all the skills in the.

First three or four levels of this cpi diagram and it doesn't matter whether you're talking to one person or you're talking to 500 like i am now okay. They work as you move through each of the layers the layer that comes. Next multiplies the layer that went before the influence gets leveraged. But it gets more and more targeted to one individual or a specific or a group of people with a specific process in common or a specific set of values in common.

So again you have this amazing flexibility that the universal persuasion protocol gives you and once you have it you can use it to write sales copy you can use it for emails you can use it in texts you can use it in voice chat you can use it in a zoom call you can use it in a webinar any place where verbal language or or linguistic communication is used is there a way to use this against myself well. First of all i would change that word you don't want to use this against yourself you want to use this with yourself to create a better outcome and the short answer is yes. You can okay. I want you to stop thinking of the world as your enemy because thinking of the world and other humans as your enemy is the fastest way to build neurological firewalls between you and another person as practitioners of the universal persuasion protocol the cpi methodology your job is to facilitate connections with people that they don't want to give up that caused them to volunteer information to you that they wouldn't normally give you any other way okay.

And. So moving through the world thinking of other people as the enemy actually holds you back doesn't mean you can't be strategic or tactical. But it does create an extra layer of resistance in connecting with that person does that make sense i've never really talked about this um in any of the webinars i've done. So this is again good questions i do this a little stuff it's all right.

To be cynical you're allowed to be cynical just don't be stupid right. If much of the leverage that you have with people is based on the degree of connection and trust and authenticity that you emanate doesn't it make sense to become a master of that now there is one particular area of human influence where you don't need a lot of rapport to get compliance. But what you will get if you utilize it improperly is passive aggressive behavior pushback and rebellion and it's called authority and a lot of people are you are playing the authority card on you left and right. Now the best part is once you become aware of the tactics being leveraged on you you now have an inoculation against it right.

So here's another axiom and you'll learn this in killer influence one of the. First things we teach you is anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control anything that is outside of your awareness is outside of your control. So my. First job as your teacher as your guide your mentor on this journey is to help you become more aware aware of yourself aware of others their patterns their processes their tactics their strategies.

So you have choice because without awareness there is no. Choice which brings us to the correlation to the. First rule of influence i gave you without awareness there is no. Choice just because you're not aware of something does not mean it isn't affecting you just because you're not aware of influence being leveraged upon you does not mean it's not affecting you the difference is you don't have a choice when it comes to that okay.

So are we cool. So far has this been useful if it's been useful type it in the chat for me. So i know i'm not going off on the into la la land okay. Very good.

So this universal persuasion protocol i want you to write this down if you need to take a screenshot go ahead. But i want you to repeat this out loud with me four or five times. First thing you're going to do any persuasion interaction you're into the. First thing you're going to do is determine your outcome.

Second thing you're going to do control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values okay. Let's do that again a couple more times because i want to make sure you've got it know your outcome control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values one more time with feeling control your state get rapport use your language manage the state of the subject jump into their process bond to their criteria and values okay. If you haven't written it down go ahead i'm going to give you like i'm going to give you 30 seconds to take a screenshot okay. And if anybody has any questions on this i will um and again if you want the full training i'll show you how to i'll show you how to get that we're going to drill down on a few key elements from the killer influence system tonight okay.

Let me look. At the chat see if there's any quick questions i can answer uh could you expand a little bit about the awareness piece i need some clarification yes. Um there's an old saying that my instructor my kinesis interview and interrogation instructor danny johnson used to say and i don't know where he got it. But i got it from him and.

So i credited him with this this particular quote go something like this if i know you better than you know me i can influence you let me repeat that that. First part if i know you better than you know me i can influence you. Second part if i know you better than you know yourself i can control you if i know you better than you know yourself i can control you and my friends regardless of your your political leanings whether you're left wing or right. Wing democrat or republican libertarian independent agnostic i don't care what is going on for the past 24 months around the world has been a group of very powerful highly placed individuals exerting this kind of influence on you because they understand human behavior they understand the bible the negativity biases and the fear and the security-oriented consciousness of the average human being and they are using it on you the only reason some of you are even aware of it is because they've overused it.

But some of you haven't realized the scope with which this is being leveraged on you my job. First and foremost is to give you the awareness of it and show you what's being done. So you can have a choice okay. Does that make sense i want you to have choice right.

I call our group free thinkers because we challenge everything that's why i say you don't have to believe anything i'm teaching you just do it it either works or it doesn't and by the way if what we do doesn't work for you find something that does right. Everything works for somebody nothing works for everybody right. But have fun with it go out and play you don't have to believe it just follow the instructions with a playful exploration attitude and decide if it's worth your time or not to invest in okay. All right.

So let's go into how to hack the human nervous system in some really powerful and ethical ways. So remember i told you at the beginning of the training everything human beings do is in response to a feeling right. And a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of now the question was asked how do we get their process how do we jump into their process well there's several different ways that we do that and what's cool about the techniques we're about to jump into is that these techniques all jump into their process in a very simple way without actually having to get complicated about it and. So the.

First thing i'd like to teach you about is the secret passcode uh actually well i'm going to give you a choice we can talk about the secret pass code to the human nervous system or we can talk about um the fastest way to get anybody to do what you want them to do which would be easier for you both all right. If you had to pick one which would you pick. First we're gonna do both by the way passcode okay. Now when i teach this to you okay.

When i teach this to you you're gonna be like you have got to be kidding me that cannot possibly work you're right. Go out and test it prove me wrong okay. So let me let me jump to my powerpoint. So what i'm going to share with you.

First and foremost and by the way each of these techniques feeds into the other into the. Next technique. So there's a there's a progression to it right. So the building blocks of everything we're going to do is called the echo technique and this is this and write this piece down the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment and it's not their name believe it or not the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth let me repeat that the most powerful words that any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay.

How do we do that right. Now here's here's what's weird is when you actually do this when you actually do this you are going to rapidly become the most fascinating conversationalist they've ever met you're the only person other than the kgb who understands manipulation of the population i don't know about that i mean trust me my good friend chase who uh was one of the top mind control experts for the government uh understands it pretty well too. But he's had a lot of kgp people on his trainings. So yeah there's a lot going on here and again that's very chris boss at some point um actually robert yes.

Uh chris chris actually did come out with his version of it i did it in 2006. Anyway um how does that apply to copywriting oh uh brent great question um it replies to copywriting because if you look. At the exact verbiage that people use when they describe their problem that is the exact verbiage they respond to any sales copy akira says you don't have to be subtle with the echo technique it's that powerful absolutely right. So you guys ready to learn this you're ready to practice yes.

Yes. Cool all right. Let's jump in all right. Here we go this is the one thing that you need to understand is that attention is the currency of relationships let me be clear about that you know if you go to my outside i'm good friends with chase we collaborate he's he's in my bibliography i'm in his you know one of the things we both agree on is that attention is the key to influence the more attention you can get from a human being the more bandwidth you take up in their system the more easy it is to influence them either ethically or unethically again i'm not a persuasion cop i'm going to tell you right.

Now that it is never necessary to use these techniques in an unethical way it's too easy to get what you want by being ethical okay. But this technique bar none is the most powerful way to get the maximum attention from another human being in minimum time it's called the echo technique it's the most powerful way to communicate with a human being because it literally forces a person's neurology to exclusively pay attention to you there's this phenomena that's known in uh in the in the combatives in the military circle is called an ooda loop sen or they often refer to it as an uta loop ooda uda stands for observe orient decide act when you hit somebody with their very own words it literally causes their entire neurology to orient on you to the exclusion of everything else it's very similar to um have you ever how many of you have ever been at a party and there's lots of noise going on and you're off in one corner and somebody mentions your name and you turn around and look. And they're across and you don't even you know among all the noise and all the the chaos of the party somebody said your name in a conversation and you automatically just turned and looked anybody ever ever have that experience okay. What happened there it's because your subconscious mind your autonomic nervous system is below the threshold below the threshold of conscious awareness your conscious mind your unconscious mind is always scanning the environment for things relevant to itself now when you communicate with another human being the words that come out of your mouth have been filtered and edited and reorganized until they are a perfect match or perfect fit for every level from the the things you want most at the reptilian level to the heart level to the brain to the the conscious mind level.

So what comes out is a perfect key to lock fit to every level of your nervous system does that make sense think of think of a person's nervous system as having a key and a lock and the words that you give them are like putting that key in that lock charles carroll says the echo technique saved my marriage thank you david you are very welcome charles and thank you for sharing that with us testify on my brother testify right. Much better than reflective listening it is one thousand percent better than reflective listening because the one thing the echo technique does better than anything else is eliminate the possibility of error it eliminates the possibility of mistranslation and that is where all of our communication problems tend to come from miscommunication you see words are like arrows my friends the moment you speak words you know what your intention and what your meaning of all those words are. But the person that you're sending them to doesn't they literally have to reconstruct your meaning from their own resources and depending on their state depending on their belief systems depending on the the associations they've made to those words it will send them off in a completely different direction that's why if you've ever studied nlp there's this little pithy saying they like to give you and by the way i i even though i love nlp i'm very critical of a lot of the way it's taught a lot of the way that material is taught if you really want to you know just to air as human to really complicate things you need a neuro-linguistic programmer. But at the end of the day nlp would like to say to you the meaning of any communication is the is equal to the response that you get in other words when you speak to somebody when you speak to somebody it doesn't really matter what you mean functionally speaking what matters is how they interpret what you said.

So a lot of our miscommunication comes from this translation error the fastest most direct way to make sure there is zero mistranslation there is an exact match to the meanings the person has to the conversation you're having to use their words as close to the order and sequence as possible let me say that again the fastest most direct way to activate the entirety of a person's neurology to get them completely focused oriented on you and signal to them that they have been heard understood accepted and validated is to use their exact words this is the power of just using the words that just came out of their mouth let me go through my notes here and. Then we'll we'll do a couple of demos okay. So here's what happens if you hate making small talk this is going to be the biggest life-saving technique you've ever how many people are like me who like when you're around somebody who has similar interests like you can talk about all day long. But the minute you get around strangers or in situations circumstances that you don't know anybody or you don't know the topic you just kind of don't want to talk anybody have those those experiences go ahead and type it in the chat it's okay.

Yeah okay. This eliminates that if you've ever wanted to be a and have them hanging on your every word this will do it you see what happens one of the byproducts or the side effects of using a person's very own words is it triggers such a powerful orienting effect from the nervous system that the person starts to elaborate on the things they just heard you say in other words even though it just came out of their mouth they feel like you truly heard them like you truly understand what they say and they want to elaborate. So one of the one of the. First side effects that happens when you start echoing someone's words is they start talking more they literally start running off at the mouth right.

And the best part about this is the longer they talk the more attracted and connected to you they get okay. This particular process sends powerful signals of sameness to the listener it causes them to become progressively more connected attracted and positively disposed towards you in fact one of the things we often we often warn our students about when we teach them this technique. First of all we tell them to go practice on people who can't escape like waitresses bartenders things of that nature. But we also say be respectful and here's why when you start using a technique like the echo technique on a waitress or a bartender or whatever they will like you they will feel connected to you they will want to give you more and more of their attention if they have other customers they may get in trouble because they're giving all of their attention to you it's not uncommon for our people to get lots of free desserts little bonuses here and there to get people chatting for 15 20 minutes and the other people are waiting for their food.

So again don't believe me talk to the people in the chats these are things that happen a lot when you congruently echo people right. Here's the other thing this is the most ethical honest and desirable way for one human nervous system to communicate with another that's because it because this technique does in fact send such powerful signals of sameness to another human being they tend to bond with you very very quickly and they they see any loss of attention from you as physical pain. So they will do whatever they can do to be uh to be with you to be in your glow. So to speak right.

Uh it also tends to match and this is going back to the question of process one of the things that i talked about earlier was um people human beings have filters and again we're not going to spend all the time on these filters. But they we have filters about your values you have filters about your meta programs of the things you pay attention to. First when you give and the the order and priority of those processes come out in the in the structure of your language nlp calls it a syntax when you give somebody their exact words in the exact order and sequence that they spoke them you match every single process they have one technique can cover six to seven separate processes that nlp would want you to utilize independently. So like i said cut through the bs get to the technique that works what gives you the biggest bang for your buck use their words most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth are we cool on that are we clear go ahead i need to know you're with me okay.

Good all right. And we're going to keep coming back to this idea of filters because the deeper you can get into somebody's emotional being their emotional belief systems the more leverage you have over them. So your job believe it or not my friends is to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good and showing them how to get whatever they want by doing what you want is that fair is that ethical how do you do it great question penny let's talk about this really quick we're going to go through the echo technique. Then we're going to talk about the emotional bonding checklist we're going to go into the offer we have planned for today.

Then we'll circle back and pick up where we left off does that sound like a fair deal type of thing you think that's fair type it in all right. So how do we do this technique all right. There's a formula i want you to follow whatever they say you want to acknowledge what they said. So let me see if i can find this is called the master echo sequence.

So you might want to take a screenshot of this how does it work in normal everyday conversations you go up to somebody you break the ice. However you do it you ask them a question right. Now we have a we have a process called three magic questions which we use for dating. But it can also be used for client intakes prospecting things uh this works deadly in any form of networking meetings.

So if you've got these network functions and everybody's just forcing their card down your throat or you're trying to force your card down their throat you want to make sure that they actually like you and remember you and want to work with you this is where you start everything that we're going to build on in the in in segment three comes from this this is the most powerful technique you can learn today it's the simplest it's the easiest to apply everything else is an extension of it this is called the master echo sequence. So how does this work you ask them a question you ask them a question you pay attention to the response they've given you you validate it you echo the exact words they said you ask another question. So let's repeat that a few times ask your question you pay attention to the response you validate the response that you got you echo what they said you ask again. So um explain validate very good you guys are asking all the right.

Questions to validate something means to signal two things a that you acknowledged what they said and you approve of it that you acknowledged what they said in a way that it signals acceptance and approval human beings are validation seeking machines okay. So when you ask your question and you paying attention to them by the way the echo technique will force you to pay bigger and greater attention to a person than any other technique at the end of 20 minute conversation you will know more about that person and they will feel more connected to you in those 20 minutes than they do to people they've known 20 or 30 years don't believe me go out and play with it anybody who's had experience go ahead and type your experiences in the chat for people okay. So uh back when i i showed you at the beginning of the of the webinar can we pair you up in practice not in a webinar format we can't i can't do breakouts during a webinar. But if you get uh into our mastermind programs or things like that you will absolutely have the opportunity to practice these things great questions you guys are really enthusiastic i like that i really like that.

So what's the sequence ask your question pay attention to the response validate the response echo their words ask another question i'm about to michael i'm about to is it michelle or why i can't i i don't know if that's a hard c or not i'm about to share it with you. So when i was saying at the beginning of the webinar i showed you my my credentials right. And i showed you all these martial arts credentials and things like that right. And back when i had my karate school in coral springs florida this was how i would actually recruit a lot of my students it would go something like this ring ring good afternoon coral springs martial arts academy this is david how can i help you oh hi david my name's brenda and uh i'm looking for i'm interested in in karate lessons for my 10 year old son josh hey brenda how you doing great to hear from you.

So you're interested in karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh yeah that sounds funny. But that's exactly what they do it's like it's like you read their mind. But you didn't right. They said.

So tell me about tell me about your what's important to you about karate lessons for your 10 year old son josh brenda well you know david josh is a really sweet kid he's really great he's really really smart. But he's kind of small for his age in fact that's why i'm calling is because he's. So smart his teachers decided to like move him ahead of grade and i went i'm kind of worried because a there's going to be a higher level of you know school work. But he's small for his age and i'm worried that the the kids might pick on him and i heard that martial arts and karate was a a great way for kids to to get more self-confidence and self-esteem and develop uh focus and things of that nature oh i see brenda.

So josh is a really sweet kid he's really smart in fact he's. So smart that his teachers moved him up a grade and you're concerned that um you know in addition to the curriculum being a little a little harder that the kids might actually you know pick on him because he's small absolutely david do you think do you think that that martial arts would be a good way to do it brenda i think martial arts would absolutely be a great way to do it in fact one of the things that martial arts is known for especially where children are concerned is the ability to generate that that ability to concentrate into focus and to stand up for themselves and to defend themselves against larger bigger people. So as a byproduct of of you know josh's training he'll naturally become a be able to concentrate better he'll be able to focus he'll be able to stand up for himself will have more confidence and i'll really excel in his schoolwork as a result of of doing that martial arts training. So you know just.

So i understand you better uh if we could get you all those things for josh how would you feel about moving forward with that oh my god that would be amazing can you really do all absolutely in fact you can come in and try it out we have um we have uh two slots available we have a special program for kids like josh who want more confidence and focus and who want to be able to protect themselves against larger you know larger opponents and things of that nature we don't like to call them opponents. But you know bullies are bullies you know uh and uh it comes with two free private lessons in a group class and a free t-shirt uh we have a slot available today at 6 30 or we also have one tomorrow at 5 45 which which time slot would be better for you let me see um you know i think i think i can move some things around would today be okay. I can probably bring him in at 6 30 after each dinner and maybe get some of his homework done perfect brenda i'm going to pencil you and josh in for today at 6 30 and we will see you tonight let me just take some information we'll get you going you're having a great day talk to you soon boom nine out of ten people eight out of 10 people show up just like that right. That's it can you reverse it what do you mean can you reverse it i don't know what that means okay.

Now if you're doing this in a dating context i can three magic questions protocol which you'll learn in killer influence you might ask them. So i'm curious about something um what do you what do you do for a living right. What are you you know oh i'm an account oh you're an accountant that's amazing. So i'm curious um you know i know a lot of people who've in an accounting.

But i never really understood i i i have an allergy to number. So i'm curious just to understand you better what do you love about being an accountant oh well you know i just love making things fit i love making them make sense oh. So you really you that's really cool. So you like making things work you're kind of like a detective when it comes out you like to make things work and make things make sense yeah absolutely and i really love when everything just falls into place and i can solve a problem get it you see how it starts to open people up right.

So again what's the sequence ask your question pay attention to the response validate the response echo the words back ask another question now if you go back over the replay and you go back over the demos you will see largely that structure in everything i'm doing as you continue to work on these processes you're going to discover that 80 of what you say literally comes out and this not just for echo technique. But even the other things that we're going to be sharing with you eighty percent of what you said comes out of the other person's mouth this completely eliminates the need to be a master of conversation it eliminates the need to be uh creative because creativity is what gets you screwed up believe it or not this is the fastest way to become the most fascinating charismatic connection facilitating human being on the planet and here's the best part here's the best part that i love about this it is the exact way that god universe nature designed human beings to experience the greatest degree of fulfillment from communicating verbally it is the most ethical honest and desirable way to communicate with another human being right. Now for those of you who wonder about the ethics of this a a tool is only as ethical as the person using it i'll put that out there. But this is the big one let's pretend for a moment shall we that you had the secret to making any single person that you communicate with feel heard understood accepted respected and liked that created massive connection with them right.

And you deliberately chose not to use it if you deliberately chose not to use it who's the now think about it for a moment think about it for a moment if you knew the exact way to make somebody feel the way they've always wanted to be felt in an ethical honest way and you deliberately chose not to do it exactly right. See you guys are getting it right. Once i figured this out i couldn't not do it i mean i couldn't i couldn't i couldn't i couldn't not do it to use double negative okay. And for those of you who know me who spent time with me you know i use this constantly constantly it's become a natural part of the way i speak.

But it didn't start that way it didn't start that way you will feel when you. First start utilizing this technique like everybody knows what you're doing it's called the spotlight effect spotlight effect means anytime you deviate from something that is organically the way you naturally do something you start to feel self-conscious and assume that because you know you're doing something different everyone around you knows it too not true the only person who knows you did something different is you now how many of you i know a lot of you are new to planet david right. But how many of you have been have watched some of my earlier videos where i'm doing this technique on people in the audience and they have no. Clue i'm using it on them even after they just said it wouldn't work all right.

There's there's literally 20-30 videos on my channel where i'm doing this all the time because people call me on this all the freaking time right. And i don't do it i don't do it to make fun of the people i do it to prove a point that even when you're scanning for it even when you know this technique depending on how you set it up it just it just works right. So you don't have to believe this it doesn't matter if the person you're doing it with knows the technique chances are they're not scanning for it why because they're not conscious of it right. But here's the best part if you know that this is the most ethical honest desirable way to communicate with somebody and they notice you're echoing their words back what do you have to say well i just want to make sure i understand you better is that okay.

Is it okay. For me to communicate in a way that makes us feel really connected and understood now if they say no. Who has the problem what person in their right. Mind is going to do that somebody with an agenda right.

Somebody who may not be having your best interest at heart maybe right. Somebody who sees the world in terms of manipulations right. But there's nothing to be caught at because you're doing everything that nature has said is the right. Way to communicate do you understand what i'm saying i mean i really want to kind of get this right.

So when people call you on it the only way that it becomes a bad thing is if you stop doing it because if you stop doing it as a result of something they've said you're agreeing to their reality they're you're agreeing to their meaning of what you're doing and it's not the case fact a lot of a lot of people from an analogy will say if you start mirroring people and they catch you it'll piss them off if you keep doing it no. It'll that'll. Last about 35-40 seconds and. Then they'll forget you're doing it again we've tested this over and over again all right.

So when we come back um actually we're gonna do one more thing is that okay. One more thing before we jump into um the offer we put together for you okay. So remember that everything human beings do is in response to a feeling right. It's a feeling they want more of a feeling when a whole lot less of what we're going to do now is we're going to give you an experience of tapping into a person's emotional center this is called the emotional bonding checklist okay.

And this is something that i teach pretty much in every webinar and the reason for that is is because people have a set of rules that they use to define what is right. And desirable and proper in their world it forms the building block of their identity and anytime you can get somebody interacting with you from an identity level you gain the maximum leverage over every aspect of themselves. So here's what and and. So in this particular context we're learning to influence others.

But we're going to do this as a self-exercise. First. Then we're going to circle back around and show you based on the demo we did previously uh how to leverage this in sales marketing relationships things of that nature does that sound like a plan can we do that let's go ahead and type and check that's okay. Okay.

Perfect all right. So for this for this exercise what you're going to need to do you need to get out a piece of paper i'm going to throw up a template on the screen for you okay. So can you all see this this template right. Here all right.

So you might want to take a screenshot of this just for your records if you can okay. So at the beginning of today's webinar i asked you a question i asked what is it you want to be able to do as a byproduct of the training and the techniques you're getting on this webinar i asked you to think about that i want you to stop for a while now if you're doing this while you're driving you need to stop all right. I don't want you doing this while you're operating heavy machinery i don't want to do it while you're driving or doing anything that involves your undivided attention right. If you want to participate in this particular process pull off to the side of road find a parking lot turn the car off put it in park put the emergency brake on what have you.

So you can do this. But i want you to go ahead and take a moment close your eyes. And imagine you've gone through this webinar you followed all my instructions you've done what i've asked you to do you've got these techniques now and you're going out into the world to get what you came here to learn how to get i want you to stop for a moment and imagine having it and i want you to see what you see and hear what you hear and smell and taste what you smell and you taste because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a feeling that you get and i want to know what that feeling is and i'm gonna or what that series of uh experiences are and i want you to answer this question what's important about it what's important about getting it for you like if you got the results you came here to learn how to get what's important about that and write that answer down whatever words pop up i want you to write them down exactly as they came up in your unconscious mind and if you got those things you achieved the results you came here to learn how to get what would that do for you write your answer. So again going back to our template this was our visualization we wrote our answer about what's important about it imagine we had it we got that what's important about that and.

Then ultimately if you got this if you got that. Second layer what would that do for you you don't gotta by the way you don't have to share this in the chat these are all your own personal answers it's nice that you are and we might go back and use those as some examples. Later. So what's important about the thing you came here to get from the webinar if you got that what would be important about that and.

Then what's important about that. So you want to go down about three levels with this now here's how you know you're doing it right. If as you go down these levels you're getting more and more emotional like theresa teneris is saying it will save my my me whatever that is right. It will save me right.

That's a deeply emotional experience right. So you should have three levels of information you've accumulated right. You have level one oops level two level three okay. Now here's what i want you to do i want you to stand up i want you to take that paper in your hand and as you think about everything we're giving you on this webinar all the things i want you to do and the things you need to do to get this result i want you to look.

At the what you wrote specifically and i want you to read them out loud five times just read them out five out loud five times for you and when you've done that go ahead and type what you wrote or type what happened to you in the chats oh wait being fair okay. Cool you see here um let me just look. At the chat make sure okay. So everybody's done yes.

Happiness love okay. How many what did you notice when you when you when you read those things out loud what did you notice when you read those things out loud physical response okay. Tinglies right. Now imagine you could do this for any single person you want to get them to want to do which how motivated are you to do these things for yourself now how motivated are you to go after it type in the chat your level of motivation and desire for it now what if you could do this with every single person you meet with every person you interviewed for with a job with every person that you wanted to go out on a date with or you wanted to date you if every person that was a potential prospect client or um student this is where we're going when we come back from part two okay.

But i needed you to feel it. First because again in other contexts and other webinars we use this as a personal motivation tool. But in influence training when we're going out into the world to exert our power we need the ability to find out what people really want and link it to exactly what we offer them and that's we're going to cover when we come back from going over our offer and you guys decide which direction you want to go does that sound like a fair trade yes. Yes.

Beautiful all right. So without further ado let me ask you a question who wants to take things the. Next level type yes. In the box it's part of the presentation i have to do it cool you guys rocking this you guys are rocking this okay.

Cool with your permission i'd like to tell you about the killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis deluxe behavioral mastery home study course this is an absolute mega package that we put together for you i'm proud of all my packages because we designed them all for you to get the biggest bang for your buck from the comfort of your own home and as is often the case in the room with us. But we want to we want we put this together for you the techniques that we've shared with you are part of the entire system and this is the entire system that will take you to master of influence in the shortest amount of time possible what is it it's all about learning how to make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident be more powerful in your life to win on your terms to take the randomness out of your life to become automatically more charming charismatic and irresistible. So here's what we put together now this offer does january 5th 2022 that is today 11 59 pm pacific um. So if you have to jump off again you might want to reach out to stephanie at least get your name in the queue uh if you want to take advantage of this okay.

So what does that influence deluxe behavioral mastery home study course include it includes this 27 videos only a part of which are the seven stage universal persuasion protocol formula this is going to teach you how to think like a master influencer it's a 297 value how to control your psycho-emotional state at will in any situation or circumstance. So no. One else can do it for you remember at the beginning of the the lecture or the webinar i told you that you want to. First control your state and.

Then link to another person's nervous system. So you can transmit those emotions back and forth we will teach you step by step how that works you will test it you will train it you will drill it you'll be able to do it 297 value right. It is the closest thing to a jedi power that we teach we're going to teach you power rapport skills for connecting with anyone anytime anywhere in fact this is actually this could actually be its own product in and of itself because classical nlp teaches you one type of rapport we're going to teach you three we're going to teach you how they work what the differences are and why you need to use a certain type of rapport in certain contexts for example if you use classical nlp style rapport from ericksonian hypnosis or nlp in a dating context you'll wind up in the friend zone faster than mcdonald's makes hamburgers you need a special kind of rapport we call viving in order to generate romantic and sexual chemistry that causes people to want to be romantically involved with you we'll teach you the mechanics of doing that we'll teach you about kinesthetic report which is literally like two bluetooth syncing up it's a deep level neurological entrainment that causes your heartbeats to synchronize your break your your hemispheres of your brain to synchronize and you can literally do emotion uh empathic telepathic projections back and forth it's really really cool. So we'll teach you classical rapport we'll teach you um this kinesthetic report we'll teach you the vibing skills we'll teach you how to actually leverage that into what we call meta frames meta frames are the ability to take on a certain type of persona that emanates and creates a platform for irresistible persuasion it causes a person's mirror neurons to perceive you in a way where they become absolutely connected and compliant and charismatically drawn to you we're going to teach you the most powerful irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist what if you have the power to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners or readers even if those two things have nothing in common what could you do with a power like that what could you do if you had the ability to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener even if those two things had absolutely nothing in common with each other there's two patterns that will do that for you what if you could force a person's internal mind movies and mental pictures and the structure of their thoughts to be exactly what you describe with zero error of mistranslation we'll tell you how to do that what if you could literally force a person to pay attention to exactly the things you wanted them to pay attention to to automatically begin unconscious processes without them even realizing they're doing it and have them focus only on the things you want and to the exclusion of everything else there's one pattern that works.

So powerfully even when you know it's being done you can't resist it that pattern that whole system there is 297 it's actually a whole lot more uh if you've seen my 21 most powerful words in english language video you get a little bit of an idea of what these patterns can do we're going to give you the full training what if you could manage the emotional states of others. So precisely. So consistently. So irresistibly that they simply just want to do the things you want them to do if they feel trusting loving connected to you we're going to show you how to do that it's a 297 dollar value if you could hack someone's internal behavior codes that you knew exactly what steps to take how to present it to them in the way that they would most be willing to accept the things you want them to do in a way that's natural for them we'll show you how to do that it's a 297 value what if you could.

So emotionally powerfully bond to another person's deepest desires that they would literally salivate to do what you want them to do that's part of tonight's training. But it's again this is just part of the. First seven steps. First seven videos that you're going to be playing with in the killer influence deluxe behavioral mastery program plus we're going to include a 240-page manual this is the killer influence mind control manifesto uh it's a 418 value plus you're going to get access to our space our members only online community with over 210 active members.

So you get to practice and i'll elaborate more on that as we go total value for this particular package is two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars. But if you've been around planet david for any length of time because it's the new year and i want every single one of us to get in the game and start making our world the world we want instead of the one that's being forced on us we've added a few more things there's a few more things i've added to this program that i think is going to help you move your life forward in the most powerful unstoppable way possible. So if you you're one of the. First 27 people to sign up tonight you will also get these exclusive special free bonuses these are freaking nuclear.

First thing you're going to get this is the one of my newest creations this is called defense against the dark arts behavioral profiling and psychosocial self defense skills certification boot camp this is a 1997 value and what we've done with this course we've taken things from the killer influence curriculum that are not normally emphasized and created an entire different approach this particular course will teach you all about how to read body language detect lies understand the personality profiles of social predators how to spot narcissists how to spot uh sociopaths psychopaths machiavellians it's going to teach you the exact strategies that these people use to ensnare you to mentally and emotionally bind you to them and take advantage of you it's going to teach you the five phase psychology of attraction protocol that these people use how you can recognize it how you can adapt it and turn the tables on these people you'll literally see people role playing such past and narcissists and turning the tables on them using some very powerful sleight of mouth patterns and things of that nature you'll learn how to keep yourself from being sucked back in to these relationships after you've managed to extricate yourself from them the technical term for this is called hoovering where they literally have like five or five to seven different behavioral techniques that they use to try and guilt you con you manipulate you to restore the relationship if you were able to get out of it we're going to teach you step by step what those look. Like what they sound like you'll be able to role play them. So you understand them from the inside and out we'll teach you the 21 different defense tactics and reframe tactics that sociopaths and narcissists use to try to escape the blame and the consequences of their actions if you want to learn how to get inside the head of these predators and and fight back in the most powerful way imaginable this is the course that will do that for you um it's literally less than 12 months old we just taught this not too long ago people love it and each time we do it it gets better and better and better this will give you the psychological skills that you need to be able to protect yourself 1997. we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value between the killer influence program and this 4 487 when you register now before the end of the webinar. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include renegade refrain this is one of my favorite classes of all time you have to have the universal persuasion protocol under your belt before you can start playing with this renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief in seconds this is based on a series of old nlp patterns known as sleight of mouth sleight of mouth was discovered by robert bandler training his nlp master practitioner students and practitioner students in the milton model and things that are the meta model and things of that nature what richard would do is he would he would state a limiting belief or a crazy belief and.

Then he would challenge his students to try and break apart or an attack that belief system and every time the student would try to met a model which is another way of breaking apart beliefs he would use one of these 14 patterns to just completely put them into a state of confusion overwrite and change their belief systems and justify his beliefs these are. So powerful that the minute you use them you can yeah robert doltz you can literally destroy a person's belief system or over and change those limiting beliefs in seconds if you apply them to yourself you write down a we do this in a personality transformation and um self-mastery supercharger we use these same reframe patterns you write down your limiting beliefs and you start hitting these hitting that belief with one of these patterns and one of them will change the belief to the point where you see it from a different perspective and you have these spontaneous belief changes okay. The nice thing about renegade reframing is we've we've dramatically simplified these 14 patterns we've made it fun and we've made it we've gamified it we've allowed it we've put a card game with it we've given you templates to practice and follow um and yeah. So.

Anyway there's people there misbehaving in the chat. So maybe somebody wants to do something about that. Anyway um. So renegade reframe think about it for a moment what if you had for any limiting belief or objection to your process or or your promotion or your pitch for lack of a better word that you encounter what if you had at least 14 different ways to overcome that objection all right.

This is one of the most powerful ways that you can do that it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value is six thousand four hundred and eighty four dollars okay. But wait there's more for those of you who have romance and a more for the new year on the mind we're gonna include one of our our classic courses this is called speed attraction rapid attraction secrets from dating mating and relating home study course it's a 1497 value it's an adaptation of the cpi system to specifically teach you how to control your emotional state radiate confidence attractiveness at will to understand the psychology and body language of attraction. So you can go out into the world and generate attraction and deeper levels of connection and rapport in anyone you meet it's going to teach you the three magic questions protocol that creates irresistible connection chemistry in as little as 20 minutes whether you're male or female does not matter uh it'll and it'll also teach you how to profile people. So you can figure out if they're the kind of person you want in your life or someone you want to slide into the hell no.

Category right. We're going to eliminate blocks to your dating mating and relationship success and. So much more this is this clock this course has been one of our most popular courses um it's been around for a little while. So uh it's 1 497 value you will literally see people in this in this in this particular class coming in the day after each each day of training and reporting what happened when they went out in the field it'll blow your mind okay.

Uh total value is a 1497 value combined with everything else it's seven thousand nine hundred eighty one dollars in total value if you wanted to buy these things from the website which can now we're also going to include for those of you who are more business oriented and i would like all of you to go out and use these skills to make as much money and have as much fun and have as big and fulfilling life as humanly possible we're going to include one of my favorite courses this is called stealth selling secret sales and interview success home study course this was a a special breakout that we did uh during one of our killer influence and cpi courses uh with my good friend the late james c in fact this is one of the reasons i'm actually promoting this particular class with this package is because james passed away several months ago as a side effect of covid vaccines he was taking and this particular class has stood the test of time james is an amazing instructor and in this class you'll literally learn how to use the cpi emotional bonding process and frame control secrets to emotionally bond people to your product or service to literally win any job interview even if you're not the best candidate in fact you'll actually see this done live you'll actually see one guy his name was chris van den berg he was a pharmaceutical salesman and he doesn't mind want to talk about this because he's a he's be he started as an a staunch opponent of this and by the end of the class he couldn't speak enough of it you'll literally see chris challenging everything that we're doing in class and you'll literally see us using the cpi techniques the reframe techniques and the emotional bonding checklist to actually flip him he became one of the most powerful proponents of this he literally went out and got job interview he just had the worst luck in history of picking the jobs he was going for because um every time he got hired within a few months the company downsized he had to go out and find another job. But by the. Third or fourth job interview he nailed yet another job he said you know what i'm going to be a coach because i can get i can get a job anytime i want and he actually went on to become a very successful on his own. So again this is going to be about how to con understand people that better than ever before how to control your frame in any interview interaction or negotiation how to boost your selling and conversion skills by as much as 40 or more we'll teach you how to motivate your teams if you run teams or or departments this is going to teach you how to get inside their head and figure out do they belong on your team or in somebody else's are they right.

Fit for your company or not in terms of their values their morals things of that nature how to select the right. Employees how to take control of your business life and much much more it's a 497 value because if you need the cpi system you know let's assume you have cpi when you start doing this. So uh total value is eight thousand four hundred and eighty five dollars uh if you were to go to bot to the website and try and buy it all which you can. So let's just review really quick uh we're going to give you the killer influence deluxe behavioral mastery program is 27 videos it also includes things like uh proxemics proxima hypnosis social hypnotic operators meta program manipulation processes lie detection face reading uh embedded commands the whole spectrum of attraction protocols using three magic questions resistance removal formula all this is included in the 27 video series along with the manifesto it's a 2 497 value as a free bonus we're going to include the defense against the dark arts behavioral profiling and psychosocial self-defense techniques recorded live in las vegas it's a 1997 value we're going to teach we're going to give you the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed belief change 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home study course and manual 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and we're going to include the stealth selling secrets uh breakout for maximum frame control and emotional bonding practice with my good friend and trainer james c2 total value was eight thousand four hundred and eighty five dollars if you were to try and buy it on our website which some of these you still cannot do.

So obviously because it's the new year because i'm here to revisit and because i want you to get the biggest bang for your buck i want you to get the best deal humanly possible you're not going to have to pay 8 485 not even a little bit we're not going to charge you 63.47 we're not going to charge you 5 347 we're not even going to charge you 3347 or 2347. for those of you who are serious about making a change for those of you who want maximum control and power in your life in minimum time you can get everything we've just described for one low installment of just 9.97 that's it just one teeny payment of 997 and if you need a little extra help you can break that down into three easy installments of just 397 bucks all you got to do to get yours and to get started now is go to forward www.killerinfluence.com go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go for those of you in our youtube chats i'm actually going to post this for you for those of you who have questions you can reach out to 785-8282-4663 it's 85828 all right. Now i know a lot of you have had a lot of experience in planet david some of you are just starting to see the power of what we've got one of the things i want you to be aware of is that the actions that get repeated or the actions that get rewarded get repeated the actions that get repeated get reinforced and i want you to do that i want to reward you for those of you who have are a little bit on the fence i want you to know there's absolutely zero risk you risk absolutely nothing by trying this out we're going to give you a 60-day money-back guarantee take these skills learn the materials put them to practice pick up the phone and call us if you have sticking points and if after 60 days you're not making more money closing more deals attracting more the people into your life that you want if your life isn't getting fat more and more on track by the day as you use these skills if you're not feeling more confident or secure or powerful we'll give you a full refund right. If you're not winning any social encounter and becoming more irresistible in the areas of your life that are important let us know let us help you over your sticking points and if we can't help you over your sticking points we'll give you a refund if you're not satisfied with the results you're producing we don't want your money i know that sounds weird. But it's true you know because i make my reputation based on the successes of my students and i want you to be successful.

So give us every opportunity to help you and if after that 60-day period you're not getting what you needed or you're not on the fast track to getting what you needed let us know and we'll give you a full refund you have absolutely zero risk with this all you gotta do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go one more time with feeling wwe forward slash go all right. And if this wasn't amazing enough because it's the new year if you grab your course before january 5th 2022 11 59 pm you'll also get these amazing fast action bonuses this is our nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group this is a three month trial and unlimited access to our 11-year video archive it's a 1 597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free uh total combined value is 10 082 now before i go on let me just jump out of my powerpoint for a moment and explain to you what the mastermind is a lot of you are asking about uh can we can you do a class online or how do i get better at this and you know can we do a breakout the mastermind has been running every month religiously since 2 october of 2010. it happens on the. Third saturday of every month and on the. Third saturday of every month people come into the into the class or they join us online and i literally go around the room and i say ian what do you want to learn seth what do you want to learn marcus what do you want to learn david what do you want to learn jennifer what do you want to learn victoria what do you want to learn and what amber what do you want to learn and you tell me what you want to learn and i write it on my board after everybody's giving me what they want to know about i step back i look.

At what they wrote i create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep one of the most important and powerful experiences you can have is to be surrounded by a group of people who want the same things you want that want to do the drills that you want to do and to have an ongoing relationship with these people you will develop friendships you will develop skill sets you will not get a you will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind group what you will get is a skill set that you can take out into the world and use on the. Next saturday on that the. Next month of the.

Third saturday of the. Next month you come back in i'm going to ask you the same question what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today i'm going to write it on the board i'm going to find the connecting threads i'm going to create the lesson plan on the spot i'm going to drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. You will not get a certificate you will get the ability to actually do these things you can do it in person or you can do it virtually now you've been running this particular program non-stop since october of 2010 what we have also been doing is we have videotaped every single class every single session of those masterminds we have edited them a little bit and we have archived them on the nlp power website we've archived them on our private mastermind facebook. Group and we've also archived a good chunk of them on our private members only youtube channel when you get this package you will get three months unlimited access to both our mastermind workshops where you can come in and roll up your sleeves and do the drills and get the skills you'll also get 24 hour a day 90 day access to the entire 11 year archive that has everything we've ever talked about everything we've ever done from attraction and dating to therapy to regression to vibrational influence and energy healing uh accelerated learning performance enhancement you name it if it pertains to the mind and peak performance skills it's in there you got to look.

For a little bit because again it's member driven i didn't have a curriculum for that day until i got to the room. But most of that content in fact 95 or more of that content has never seen the light of day it's never been shared anywhere except for our private nlp power mastermind members only you're going to get a full 90 days to binge watch all of that content to your heart's content you're going to get the opportunity to roll up your sleeves and focus down on the skills that you need specifically to move your life forward at the end of those 90 days if you want to stay let stephanie know we'll extend your membership we'll tell you how to do that if you don't you have three months of unlimited cognitive binging and skill development that you can use to make your life better is that cool i think. So because one of the things we see over and over and over again is that the things that make the difference are the things that force you out of your comfort zone and interacting with human beings and as organic a process as possible that's why we do three times more hands-on training than any other trainer in our industries and that doesn't matter it doesn't matter if it's martial arts it doesn't matter if it's nlp hypnosis hypnotherapy vibrational everything is using a three by three protocol how much is it to extend the membership right. Now it's uh i think it's 97 a month.

But that's going to be going up okay. Uh reach out to stephanie she can fill in the blanks on that for you. So i just wanted to kind of jump off the powerpoint for a moment and really explain that to you because to me the biggest changes and transformations that i've gotten have come from actually running that group right. Uh people wonder how i can just take all these different topics and put something together on the fly it's because of this mastermind program and i want you to have that experience too i want you to be surrounded by people that don't make you feel like a freak for wanting to know how to do this stuff right.

Who will actually have a vested interest in getting better and helping you get better. So that's what we got it's a it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. But we're not going to stop there total value. So far if you totaled up everything we talked about is 10 082 we're not going to stop there i know a lot of you want to get out into the world and start making stuff happen right.

Away we're also going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course stealth believe it or not is an acronym it actually stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis it's the most powerful way to hypnotize people during normal conversations to do instant and rapid inductions to run them through attraction protocols this course is designed in such it's got manuals it's got transcripts it's got workbooks it's designed for you to be able to watch a video and go out and start hypnotizing people instantly. So for those of you who want to get started now this is going to be the one of the biggest bangs for your buck it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value. So far 11 079 okay. And.

Finally i mentioned this earlier i dropped a little easter egg earlier for those of you who are ready to make a change for those of you who are ready to get off your butts and into a class for the. First 27 people to register today we're going to include a vip ticket to our upcoming killer influence 2020 live certification secrets of covert hypnosis certification bootcamp this is a four-day certification boot camp runs april 27 through april 30th in at the orleans hotel casino. Las vegas nevada it's a 200 it's a 2 250 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free in these four days you'll be learning how to do the drills and get the skills you'll be able to rapidly easily and naturally materialize all of the skills you'll learn rock solid state control secrets that allow you to create and manage the emotional states you want and to actually begin to use that emotional energy to influence the neurology of the people around you you'll be able to learn those power rapport skills plus i gotta move my powerpoint around um you'll learn those power rapport skills to create such powerful deep neurological connections uh that the stuff will literally unconsciously influence your mind and bodies in the way you want you'll learn how to emotionally bond the subjects you use the for you learn the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence authority attractivity acquiescence and affinity you learn how to co-read people and person and profile human beings personality types using the combination of co-reading skills and chinese face reading you'll learn proxima hypnotic operators how to manage and manipulate the spatial relationships between you and other people. So that you can psychologically position yourself in their minds in a way that makes them want to do what you want them to do and gain maximum influence over them you learn about meta filter manipulation the ability to change and modify how you speak and present to fit somebody's perception of the world.

So they more organically want to process and do the things you want them to do. So it's easier for them to make the decision you want them to make because you match their process we're going to teach you the attractivity secrets and advance social dynamics that allow you to become charismatic and attract the kinds of people and relationships you want into your life the simple language technique that really forces a person to pay attention to you the three magic questions protocols how to automate any emotional state or behavior in your subject and. So much more this is a this is a live training it's a full immersion four day event out in las vegas nevada at the orleans hotel and casino. And we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the.

First 27 people to register for the killer influence training or the killer influence the deluxe behavioral mastery home study course today total value when you add it all up together is thirteen thousand three hundred and twenty nine dollars. But of course you're not going to pay thirteen thousand three hundred twenty nine dollars you're gonna get the killer influence to lux hypnotic influence mastery program 2 479 value you're going to get defense against the dark arts 1997 value absolutely free you're going to get renegade reframing the art of conversational belief change and overcoming objections home study course 1997 value absolutely free you can get speed attraction rapid attraction secrets home study course 1 497 value we're going to give you that free we're going to give you a three month trial membership to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program and the 11 year video archive 1 597 value we're going to give you absolutely free we're going to include the stealth instant conversational hypnosis course. So you can download it tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and. Finally cherry on the sunday for those of you who really want the live experience which i highly recommend for anybody who wants to be truly unstoppable with this the killer influence vip super ticket to the killer influence uh four days uh conversational hypnosis certification boot camp april 27th through the 30th at the orleans hotel and casino.

Live in las vegas nevada it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free all yours for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you need to do to get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's dot com www.killerinfluence.com slash go um once again if um let me do this really quick. So i don't i can just i don't have to keep typing now usually when we do this people start just to stampede to the phones if you have questions about anything in the package you can reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 or you can email her now remember if you reach if you try to reach out to her and the line is busy make sure you leave a message make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow to try to get in you won't get you won't qualify for any of the fast action bonuses and the. Last three bonuses these fast action bonuses that we're talking about here it wasn't marked fa they're only good for as long as i'm on the webinar tonight when i log off the webinar these fast action bonuses go away. So these are only for people who are absolutely serious right.

And hopefully a little bit on the same side okay. So once again 27 video collection this is actually done our killer influence uk special edition plus the manual the defense against the dark arts social self-defense secrets renegade reframing speed attraction stealth selling secrets stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and video archive and the killer influence four day certification boot camp live in las vegas nevada april 27th through the 30th at the orleans hotel and casino. This is going to be a life-changing event i encourage you all to click those links now and reserve your spot remember when those 27 slots are gone they're gone okay. We're gonna go ahead and take a seven minute break what is stephanie's number i'm glad you asked there you go i'm gonna take a seven minute break when we come back we're gonna pick up with the emotional bonding checklist and i'm going to have you tell me what is it you actually want to focus in on tonight.

So once again go ahead click those links now www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and we will see you in about six minutes all right. This is dave we got a few more minutes left. But i'm seeing some interesting questions in the chat. So while you guys are going ahead and processing your orders let's see if i can answer some of those let's see here lisa is asking is it possible to start the 90 days of mastermind after i've completed the training modules yes.

It is all you have to do is reach out to stephanie uh via email or call her and let her know and she'll put uh she'll put a note in your account to activate your 90 days um actually what she'll do is she'll actually probably reach out to you on like day 89 and say hey you want to activate your mastermind and we'll get that going for you. So yeah i think that's probably doable there's b i remember b miss you b uh any chance that you can come to europe in 2022 if they'll let me in without me having to be stabbed a gazillion times with a potentially lethal substance i will happily come to the uk we've been waiting for about two and a half years to show up we want to go back lisa says i'm beyond excited for this lisa i'm beyond excited to have you as part of the group i can't wait to start putting you through your paces and really helping you get your life moving in the direction you want let's see here amber said just called okay. Again amber make sure that you you leave all of your contact information because stephanie will follow up with you in the. Next 24 hours if you don't leave your contact information you won't qualify for the bonuses okay.

I really want you to get the bonuses all right. I want you to get the biggest bang for your buck joshua says will any of the information given today be able to help hold on a. Second that went by really quick will any of the information given today be able to help me reclaim my personal power and help protect me socially yes. All of it because that's what it's about everything again you go back to the cpi model what does it start with it starts with state control the ability to end or exit any psychomotional state at will on demand the byproduct of state control training is no.

One can push your buttons against your will for very long ever pardon me ever again okay. So yeah the short answer is all of it joshua dan court says instead of the the vegas four day camp can it be transferred to the costa rica august training it can be used as a discount towards the costa rica training. But this is not like one of our regular vip tickets that um this is for a specific event. But if you reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4 she'll give you the parameters of how to go about doing that we actually had somebody do that today uh.

So i know it's we we have done it okay. David snyder it's orlando okay. What's in orlando the killer influence isn't online was it killer influences in orlando did i get did i do i have a typo in my powerpoint seriously all right. We're not going to vegas we're going to orlando remind me to change that in the powerpoint.

Anyway the training is going to be somewhere warm well the killer influence is going to be april 30 april 27th through the 30th april 27th through the 30th orlando florida all right. Let me put that in the other chat too april 27th 30th orlando florida all right. Liam says at lisa welcome to planet david you're welcome cpi is in orlando february all right. You know what fix it guys i'm getting confused marina says i just paid for the program to not receive now reach out to stephanie wright.

Also marina check your spam folder because a lot of times this stuff especially if you're not on gmail a lot of these things go to your uh your promotions folder if you still can't find it reach out to stephanie directly at 858-282-4663 that's 858-282-4663 okay. All right. Are you guys ready to oh all right. Lots of lots of action going on i'm excited that you guys are going to join us are you guys ready to get back to work you guys ready to learn some more cool stuff type yes.

Or yes. In the chat all right. So here's what i want to know what do you want to learn what do you want to focus on you want to focus on the emotional bonding checklist which is kind of the thing i introduced to you at the beginning do you want to focus on three magic questions protocol which is that conversational framework that leads to people liking loving and trusting you in as little as 20 minutes or do you want to focus on what i lovingly call the resistance removal formula or would you like to focus on some hypnotic language patterns i'm going to put four choices out there obviously we can't do every single one. But i do want you to say i have two for the emotional bonding checklist one for resistance through magic questions.

First one that's also emotional bonding resistance removal resistance removal building value resistance the hypnotics all right. I see where this is going all right. All right. It looks like the majority of people majority of people uh wanted to know about the emotional bonding checklist which makes sense and resistance removal we will go through those as quickly as we can as thoroughly as possible in the time that we have keeping in mind that we want to keep this um we want to keep this really concise remember that these are these what i'm sharing with you on this webinar are pieces nuclear pieces to be sure of an entire system.

So each one by itself is extraordinarily powerful. But when you apply the entire system you get a synergy you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts which seminar would you recommend if you want to overcome my phobia for bugs you either want to do uh identity by design or um self mastery supercharger uh self mastery supercharger if you have time is actually starts. Next week um january 13th through the 15th or yeah i think it's 13 through the 15th yeah and that's in las vegas. So yes.

If um what what i will do for some of you i i don't i don't normally want to do this. But if you can't make the killer influence training uh april 27 through the 30th wherever it is um if you let stephanie know what what training you want to go to instead as long as it satisfies our criteria which means that's five the training you want to go to is five days or less and it you've satisfied the prerequisites for it pop out the uh the event uh of course the the porn mongers are uh back into the channel that's all right. All right. So let's go back to the emotional bonding checklist okay.

Now everything we're going to do with the emotional bonding checklist is built on what we did with the echo technique and the master echo formula. So the secret to making the echo technique are not a contending uh the emotional bonding checklist super powerful is to use as many of their words in your presentation as possible that being said this is probably this particular technique is probably the most powerful way to get people to want to do something that i have found now there are lots of powerful techniques out there. But the most direct i don't want in a pleasurably invasive way to do this this this particular technique goes right. To a person's emotional center the emotional foundations of what constitutes everything in their world that is right.

And natural for them you understand what i'm saying okay. Human beings have a checklist for everything that they do right. Um and what i mean by that is let's say that you want to buy a stick of chewing gum right. If i were to ask you what do you want in a ch in a stick of chewing gum well some people might say i want something that's sugar free i want something that's not too too spicy i want something that lasts a long time right.

And i might ask for you well i'm curious about something what's important to you about chewing gum that lasts a long time and you're going to say well i know i'm going to get more satisfaction from it because you know it lasts longer i get more i get more value for my money oh. So you get more value for your money. So if i could show you a stick of chewing gum that would. Last a long time.

So you feel you've got more value for your money that would be something you'd be interested yeah absolutely you see what i just did there i elicited what you wanted in something i asked what's important about it and. Then i echoed it back to you you see what i i mean i think i'm using chewing gum as a metaphor or as a demonstration i want to break it apart now. So you understand kind of the big picture do you understand what i did i asked you the question why do you what do you what's you or what do you want in x right. What do you want in life insurance what do you want in the perfect house what do you want as a byproduct of our webinar today what do you want as you know in the perfect relationship what do you want what do you want what do you want the moment i ask that question the person's gonna say i want x i want y and i want z right.

Do you do you hit him with the master echo technic formula absolutely i think x and y and z are absolutely important things to have. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better what's important about x and y and z well one two and three is important about x y and z oh i get it. So if i could teach if i could show you a product or service that would give you x and y give you one and two and three.

So you could experience x and y and z that might be something you're interested in in learning more about wouldn't it absolutely right. Now again fill in the blanks. So i'm going to give you an actual demo um. But i want you to understand that the vast majority of what we're doing is their own words now the secret is when you started listening someone's emotional bonding checklist and human beings have a checklist for every single thing they do even if they've never actually considered having it or wanting it.

So let's say for example you're a 22 year old kid right. And i ask you and i want to sell you life insurance right. Actually i want you to buy life insurance now most 22 year olds the. Last thing on their mind is a life insurance policy.

So i could ask them a very simple question now i know you're i know you're really kind of you know it's kind of young to be thinking about life insurance. But i'm wondering about something i'm curious about something if you were to think about getting life insurance if you were considered getting a policy for yourself what what would be important about the perfect policy for you what would you absolutely have to have or need or want in that policy to to feel good about going forward and getting it well it would have to be affordable for sure and it would have to you know hospital you know if i could get a hospital benefit that would be awesome if i could get um you know uh make sure my family whatever family i have is taken care of and people can afford to bury me that would be helpful oh i see. So it would have to be affordable for sure and would have to be able to you know take care of your family and afford to bury you and make sure your loved ones were taken care of and i'm curious about something if you could if you found a policy that was affordable that would allow you to uh you know get you know forward your barrel take care of your family and give you some security things of that nature i'm curious what would that do for you what would that allow you to experience well you know i'd have a little bit more peace of mind i'd have a little bit more um confidence about kind of you know going about my life knowing that that stuff was handled oh excellent well as we go through today's policy um mr jones i'm going to show you exactly how this policy is super affordable for you in fact if you look. At this part of the policy right.

Here you'll see there's different payment plans that you can get on that makes it totally affordable for someone at your age in your bracket it's going to give you the ability to make sure that if something should happen god forbid not only is your family taken care of this part right. Here shows you all the benefits your family is going to receive as a natural byproduct of getting this policy for yourself and of course it's going to make sure that there's money to bury you it's going to cover all of your burial expenses with a little leftover to make sure your family's taken care of in the way that's appropriate for you okay. So you can feel that peace of mind that comes from knowing this is handled okay. Now what did i do there all i did was i found out i i created a situation where it was natural to ask if you were if you had the perfect x what would that be right.

And. Then i said if you were to think about it what do you have to have right. What are the elements what are the elements of the checklist that they have to have. Then i.

Then i drill down on what's important to this person about the checklist about the elements that they satisfied. So if you go back to the drill we did earlier remember i said if imagine for a moment that you got all the things you got the tools to get what you wanted from this webinar what would be important to you about getting that and you gave and you answered a. Second set of questions right. Then you asked what's important about that and you drill down to another set of of parameters right.

And. Then what you do once you have that information you only talk about the aspect of your product or service that directly satisfies and meets their needs let me reiterate that i'm doing this i'm teaching this in a little bit of a different order than i normally teach it because i want you to kind of grasp the big picture okay. The secret to getting this to work interpersonally is that once you know from your echo technique your master echo process and your emotional bonding checklist process you know exactly what to say and how to say it now you have to take those words find the aspect of you your product or your service that directly satisfies those needs and you have to link them together you have to use their words to talk about your product. But only this is the important piece the only pieces of your product you should be talking about are the exact ones that satisfy their needs okay.

So uh one quick story. Then we'll do i'll do a quick solo demo. So you can see how this works and. Then we'll talk a little bit more about where you want to go with this okay.

So once upon a time i was teaching a class in herzelia israel and i was tasked by essence security come in and work with their vice presidents uh their marketing department and their r d department and one of the things i was teaching them was the echo technique and some aspects of the emotional bonding checklist and even though the r d people their their whole idea of customer service was read the manual right. Um there are these two people in the r d department and essence at the time was in the in the business of building what we call smart homes that you would wear a little bracelet or a ring that was like a sensor and the entire house would monitor you. So if you like fell in the shower or uh just suddenly passed out in the living room the house would know and it would call like the em the paramedics or whatever. So these i'm running these people through the echo technique and we have person a and person b and person a is the person doing the elicitation.

So to speak person b is a person being elicited and. So the role play they were doing was this person was talking about how his father is retired he needs a house that um you know he knows he can be safe and while this person is well person b is listening to them now i didn't tell them to do this this was what's. So cool about this they just did this spontaneously every time person a described a need for his father person b would talk about the feature of the smart house that deliberately sought that directly solve that problem and what was interesting was about 10 minutes 10 15 minutes into this exercise person a looks at person b and says okay. I'll buy it and person b almost swallowed his tongue why because he wasn't trying to sell him anything you see people don't like to be sold.

But they love to buy and the fastest way to find out what people want to buy or who they want to be in a relationship with or the kind of relationship they want to have is to ask them and pay attention to the responses validate those responses repeat those responses back to them and ask another question and. Then once you've gotten that information look. At what you offer does what you offer in any way directly satisfy the things they've given you if it does you use their word to talk about your product or service and the longer you keep them linked together the more automatically they associate you with the solution they automatically want to do business with you and take the. Next step by default in fact one of the things that happens when you when you adopt this process most of your price objections your time objections your i got to talk to my spouse objections will go right.

Out the window because you're speaking directly to the things people want emotionally and we always find the resources to get our emotions satisfied let me repeat that we always find the resources to satisfy our emotional needs okay. How do i know this how many of you had a choice between buying something you needed or taking a vacation how many of you chose the vacation right. How many of you will go out to spend 120 dollars for a dinner. But won't spend 120 to you know go learn to go take a class right.

Emotions desires needs right. Again that goes back to our values now here's. So here's here's the demo we're going to do. So this one i this is one this.

Next demo this. Next um well demo for lack of a better word is going to be one based on relationships now when you get people in a relationship one of the most common questions to ask is what's important to you about a relationship and that is the criteria question there's two questions that you need to kind of memorize everything else is kind of fluff two questions that you need to memorize the. First question is what's important about x what's important about real estate or the perfect house what's important about the best life insurance policy what's important to you about the ideal relationship what's important about the perfect employee what's important to you about the perfect car right. What's important to you about whatever it is can you follow me.

So far the. Second question you only ask if you're unsure of the information the person gave you with the. First question and that question goes like this how do you know right. So using a real estate example.

So i'm curious mr prospect or mrs prospect. So if you would imagine the perfect house how do you know when you've got the perfect house oh well that's easy perfect house would have five bedrooms three baths big kitchen big backyard close to the school you know walking distance to the schools wow that's really great that's really specific. So i'm curious about something just. So i understand you better because you know big kitchens mean a lot of different things to a lot of different people how do you know how do you know when you've got the perfect kitchen how do you know when you've got a kitchen that's big enough by your standards oh well that's easy there's a lot of space a lot of cabinet space.

But there's a big you know there's room for a big dining table ah a big dining room table that's interesting. So i'm curious what's important to you about room for a big dining room table well when i was growing up my mom had we lived in this big house we had a big family mom had this big kitchen and you know every holiday all the family would gather around in the kitchen and they'd make food together and they you know eat at the table and they just have a great time we just all connect and i remember those times and i want that for my family you know and i know a big kitchen is really is going to help me do that oh i get it. So you want a big kitchen. So you have a room for a big table.

So the family can get together and help cook. Meals together and get together on holidays and really commune and connect just like when you were kids yeah absolutely well thinking about it like that mrs prospect i can think right. Off the top of my head at least four houses that are close to good schools have five bedrooms three baths big backyard and have a huge kitchen that has enough room for a big table. So you can have those family get-togethers that means.

So much to you how soon would you like to go see those can we go now right. It's literally that simple. But what did i do. First thing i asked is what's important to you about actually i said what's important about how do you know when you've got the perfect house she gave me a list of features i drilled down on the emotional reasons behind those features right.

So we started with a big kitchen room enough for a table why because that gives them room for the family get together. So they can feel connected and. Then i would add in the connection parts of it to that. So as you enjoy this big kitchen with this beautiful table the family serenity you'll experience that connection and closeness that you had when you were growing up and your family your new family can have those same experiences and pass that on to their children when they're ready for it joshua says i literally did a recall of all the times i've experienced this what if i don't give you enough information whatever information you give me is going to be enough.

But remember your job as an influencer and a persuader is to help the person if the person isn't going to help you find somebody who will right. But here's the thing if you're using the echo technique and you've set the context right. You've gotten that rapport that we've talked about they will in fact give you this information miriam how about the question okay. I don't know mary i don't know what the question was what does that look.

Like to you you could use that. But it forces a visual representation um and that really kind of goes that's kind of a chunk down from the question of how do you know right. You could say well how do you know when you've got it what do you see we'll hear that's more of an nlp-ish approach we don't need to do that we don't need to do that at all in fact the best thing we can do is we actually just use their exact words which in the demo the real estate demo i did was exactly what i did functionally speaking the ability to to use their exact words generates connection and and self-disclosure right. And that's the point you you when in doubt echo it out if you say something wrong go back to echoing what they said they'll fall back into rapport this is why i started with the echo technique it is the most nuclear powered influence tool on the planet when you combine it and you integrate it into this emotional bonding checklist magic happens literally people will ask you to buy right.

The hardest clothes i do believe it or not is how soon would you like to get started that's my clothes if you've ever been in a consultation with me 30 minute consultation that's the hardest close i do the hardest close i do is actually um what's the. Next step we need to take to move forward that's the hardest close i do why because if you've done this properly you've eliminated all of their objections before they have a chance to start the time you'll get objections during a sales process or presentation process is if you haven't addressed the emotional bonding checklist that's why we had to create cpi uh two three and two and three because sometimes people didn't get the emotional bonding checklist part they missed the correct the check the the criterion values and they wound up getting objections because you didn't speak right. To the emotional needs kind of hunt it's interesting how that worked right. But when you start tapping into people's emotions and they should and if you're doing this right.

They should be getting emotional you should see facial colorations pupil dilation they start leaning in they'll start unconsciously head nodding you will see these things these will not be small right. If you're not tapping into emotion you're not tapping into the power or you're missing something okay. So i'm going to give you one more little demo this is kind of my set demo this one has more to do with relationships you have person a and you have person b and we always want to know what's important to somebody in a relationship now when you start applying the emotional bonding checklist to relationships it's not enough to know what they want and not enough to talk about what they want you have to embody what they want in other words if they have a certain set of characteristics or traits you've got to behaviorally demonstrate those okay. But you can get a lot of leverage just by listening it talking about it and telling stories about it.

So person a you ask them. So i'm curious just. So i understand you better what do you absolutely need to feel comfortable and happy and satisfied in a relationship person a says oh that's easy i need to feel respected in a relationship i need to know that you respect me in order for me to be happy and satisfied in that relationship person b says oh. So respect and relationship is really important to you the person that goes yeah and i go well i'm curious about something you know respect means a lot of things to a lot of different people.

So just. So i understand you better how do you know when you're being respected when somebody's signaling that you they respect you how do you how do you know that person a says well it's like this look. I know that you respect me when you tell me the truth when you regardless of whether you know it's going to hurt my feelings. But it's going to piss me off what have you you just let me have it you tell me the truth you don't mince words you just get right.

To the point you tell me what you need to tell me oh. So you you know somebody respects you when they get right. To point they don't miss words even if it's going to piss you off and it's going to it might hurt your feelings you just tell them the truth absolutely person person a. Then goes.

So i'm curious about something what's important to you in a relationship person b says well interestingly enough respect person a says okay. Just. So i understand you better how do you know when you're getting the respect that you need how do you know when you're being respected person b says i know you respect me when you tell me the truth. But you do it in a way that doesn't hurt my feelings it doesn't make me feel like i'm an idiot or makes me feel bad about myself in some way that's how i know you respect me now think about this for a moment person a you ask what their value in a relationship is is respect you ask person b what their value is they say respect.

But when you ask them how they know they're getting respect they're different we call that a rules violation in other words the name of the value the feeling it generates is the same. But the way that person is triggered to feel that is different and this is why those two questions will always be your go-to questions how do you know what's important about you understand what's important about respect uh well i i i respect is important because i know you're not going to talk down to me you're not going to treat me like a fool you're not going to uh disregard my converse you know my my my contributions right. You're not going to embarrass me in front of my friends right. Oh well i'm curious what's important to you about you know um not being embarrassed in front of your friends well i don't feel bad right.

Well i promise you that i will never cause you to feel bad by embarrassing you in front of your friends because i respect you right. And i think that's absolutely true right. So again are we kind of are we seeing how this works lottie martin says teary again beautiful david right. So now again in killer influence and cpi and some of the other things we will show you ways to build on amplify and extrapolate this.

But the secret to it is once again understanding the difference between a value and a rule right. Remember i said there's called the emotional bonding checklist for a reason everything people want or well here's the thing every emotional bonding checklist is a completely contextual process in other words you have a different checklist for buying a stick of gum versus buying a house versus selecting a mate. First is um um picking your clothing right. And if i even if you something you've never considered if i ask you what's important your neurology will automatically generate a checklist right.

This is how you begin to unpack it now this the. Next piece is once again once you know what they need and this is again where ethics comes in once you know what they need how they know they're getting it and what the emotional payoff for them is you look. At yourself your product or your service and when you talk about your product or your service you only talk about the aspects of your product or service that directly and i mean directly satisfy those things and you use their words to do it the longer you use their words to do it the more they will tend to do business with you by default the more they'll tend to do what you want by default they'll think it's their own idea why because it is right. So you know again if you look.

If you go back and you listen to some of my uh my real estate examples you'll hear language patterns that i'm using in there to connect their words to my product and that's just that's all you the longer you do it the more rapidly that that mechanism kicks in okay. So are we are we clear on that. So far well actually the question was asked would this be more challenging with an x yes. And no.

Because chances are if she's an x or he's an x it's because you violated their values consistently over a certain period of time. So theoretically if you could elicit elicit and and and and bring into this discussion the values process the emotional bonding process there is a possibility that you could get a. Second chance there's probably a lot of behavioral stuff you're going to have to do to prove to this person that you've changed. But the answer the short answer is there's a lot you can do with this because for every single thing human beings do there's an emotional bonding checklist and a way that they know that they're getting it if you can match it and link it to you your product or your service they will tend to do business with you by default okay.

So i see some questions popping up just as a quick reminder for those of you who've hung out. So far we're offering the killer influence deluxe behavioral mastery program it's a 27 video series 2 497 value we're going to include our special defense against the dark art social self-defense secrets 1997 value renegade reframing uh objection mastery and conversational belief change home study course 1950 value the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets uh this is actually 1497 value uh stealth selling secrets 497 stealth install stealth instant conversation noises crash course 997 uh the nlp mastermind practice group and 11 year archive 1597 value and of course the 20s the four-day certification vip killer influence boot camp ticket april 27th to the 30th uh total of 2 250 values um total package for this total package value here is one is 13 you can get it all for one low installment of 997 or you can break it up into three easy installments of 397. all you have to do is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go alright. So let me see if there's some other questions here that i can answer really quickly i want to stop people bullying me i get it from all i always have all right. For michelle for this question here's the thing i want to talk about in it when it comes to to bullying of any kind and i can speak to this because i was bullied most of my my life in fact i don't talk about this story very often it's in a couple of my videos uh i was such a bullied teenager that i actually petitioned my high school to graduate early because i was afraid to ride a bus because people would follow me home and and and and do things like that.

So when it comes to bullying um it's a very it's a very hot topic for me although i don't i don't talk about it much um and. So here's the thing i need you as the victims of bullying to understand that your ability to put up to was to push back and and stand up to bullying on a psycho-emotional level is going to be directly influenced by your ability and willingness to stand up to somebody on a physical level i want to make that very very clear psychological bullying and physical bullying are very very very very very very connected bullying was one of the biggest reasons why i got into martial arts to begin with aside from the coolness factor is um i was. So angry as a as a kid that i wanted to get into martial arts i wanted to learn how to fight and be really good and track down every who ever bullied me or ever picked on me and get payback i'm not gonna hide that from you know you've heard me say in the past that uh when i was you know if you told me 35 years ago that i'd be in a treatment room 10 hours a day shoveling other people's stuff i'd laughed at you all i wanted to do was you know get chicks kick kick butt and be cool right. Um the interesting thing that happened to me was that by the time i had the ability to kick ass i didn't feel like i needed to anymore.

But i knew i could if i needed to and that gave me a little bit of maturity and a little bit of perspective. So here's the thing i want you to understand people get away with bullying because they don't believe that they can get hurt from it they don't believe that they can be punished badly enough from it and. So in either case whether you're dealing with physical bullying or you're dealing with psycho-emotional bullying or social bullying for that matter you need the willingness to confront and the ability to deliver and execute that will which means you need techniques. So for those of you who are the victim of social bullying of psychological bullying or physical bullying the best thing i can the best piece i can give you a is find ways to cultivate the will to fight back for a lot of you that will be actually involve you doing something physical like taking a martial arts class going to the gym and lifting weights and becoming physically stronger.

But you also have to have the right. Tool for the right. Job if somebody is accosting you verbally you can't just haul off and punch them in the mouth unless you're willing to accept the legal ramifications that come with that now i personally am um i i i operate from the uh the point of view that it's better to be tried by 12 and carried by six you know believe it or you know care you know whether you accept that or not that's just how i operate. So i look.

At my persuasion systems and my influence systems as an extension of my martial arts training. So for those of you who want to deal with bullies whether it's a physical bully a workplace bully a social media bully people riding the bus bullies you need the will to stand up and the tools to fight back without one without the other is one without the other is really impotent right. So the one thing i can tell you the one thing is gonna it's gonna come across as harsh all right. I'm going to say that right.

Now it's going to come as comes across as harsh the. First thing that you have to understand you have the. First belief that you have to adopt is this nobody else is coming to save you nobody else is coming to save you the only person that can save you is you if you wrap your mind around that idea it will tend to cause you to be to shift your emphasis from evading the bullies to becoming stronger to make yourself more powerful in every way now remember becoming stronger becoming a person who can have different results means it's going to feel weird it's going to feel odd it's going to feel like you're doing something unnatural that's okay. Because the people who become effective learn to become comfortable being uncomfortable or being uncomfortable becomes something familiar.

But we do the job. Anyway and this is why systema training for me in spite of all the years of martial arts training i had prior help me more than anything else because they specifically gave you the drills and the tools to not only train your body. But to train your mind and the. First thing that they wrap the combative people wrapped into my head into our heads nobody's coming to save you only you can save you right.

Sounds harsh. But it's the most empowering thing i can give you tools i can show you using influence as a content even martial arts we do martial arts trainings too i can show you what to do i can help shorten the learning curve. But i can't learn it for you i can't do it for you you have to decide for you if this is if you're if you deserve it or not because nobody else is coming to save you at the end of the day we come into this world alone we go out alone we may have people who join us briefly here and there on our journey. But at the end of the day we're on our own.

So while you have a community that supports you and help can help you learn these things the end of the day you're the one that's going to have to stand up you're the you have to have the will to do that it's not going to be comfortable. But you can train you can learn you can be different the package helps. But there's other things okay. So when it comes to bullying and empowerment i'm all about it you know and right.

Now probably more than any other time we need these social self-defense skills we need these verbal self-defense skills that they're taught in renegade reframing and defense against the dark arts and killer influence that's what we need. But we have to support that with the physical ability to push back the physical ability to fight back at to some degree you don't need to be a black belt. But you need to have some things that bolster you on a physical level that can support your mental and emotional level right. A lot of people like krav and that's fine i don't really care what martial art you do what's important is what it does for you that's really what it matters okay.

So again every marshall i i got i got more black belts and mcdonald's sells hamburgers you know i i find value in all of them the question becomes what do you want in your life what results do you want to produce and are the arts you're studying moving you in that direction or away from it you know if you've got this tall skinny body type learning judo is probably not going to be your best heart doesn't mean you can't do it means you're going to work a lot harder because people with lower center of gravity tend to do judo and mma and brazilian jiu jitsu a lot better than people with tall you know kicking arts and long range arts are better for you again what's the you know what do you want to do. So miriam can save you yes. Yes. But a lot of times and this is the big piece and by the way you'll learn how to do a lot of this in the.

First couple videos of killer influence because it's all about state control we'll talk about mastering commander we'll talk about the rockstar meta frame the open heart trust trigger um and um yeah okay. So. Anyway. So i hope that helps.

So michelle uses asking i want to learn to say what i think rather than what that person wants to hear i'm always pleasing others never looking after myself put yourself. First how do you use this to stop self-sabotage best way to do this sherry to stop self-sabotage is to use the renegade reframing techniques uh write down the limiting beliefs that you have the things that cause you to um to self-sabotage and start applying the 14 refrain patterns to that marina is asking stephanie about the emails check your spam folders oh yeah the echo technique is a great way to d uh somebody was mentioned about using echo technique on bullies it actually is a great way to um to turn a bully into a friend it's kind of weird um. Anyway. So has this been useful have you guys have you guys learned something from this cool all right.

Um what do you want to do. Next you guys want to talk about resistance removal or you want to talk about hypnotic language we only have time for one. So pick okay. I'm seeing uh hypnotic hypnotic oh you guys are making this hard all right.

No. You just made it a lot easier now i just had a flurry of resistance removal come through all right. So this. Next piece and again you'll learn this in killer influence you'll also learn this i think in defense against the dark arts um it's called the resistance removal formula and it again utilizes the echo technique.

But it's based on this idea that the re the best reason somebody can have for doing the things they just told you they didn't want to do are the reasons they make up right. So one of the things that happens when we start to get into therapy work or um any kind of work really oh wow i'm looking at the youtubers they're like all screaming for hypnotic stuff i'll see what i can do oh you guys are killing me all right. Uh let's go back to our powerpoints uh before we get into that just again real quick reminder these fast action bonuses that you see here these bonuses are only good they're only available until i log off the webinar okay. If you call stephanie or leave a message uh before 11 59 pm you can still get all of these right.

But if you if once i log off the webinar these go away. So if you want the the vip super ticket to the killer influence four day training if you want the three-month trial uh practice group and the 11-year archive and the stealth instant conversation moses crash course you should probably get yours now by going to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go here in the chat www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go and again if you're gonna call stephanie if you have a question also one of the things we'll let you do if you have some of these coursework let's say you bought one of these courses on our website or you bought a package from a previous webinar and some of these are included if the price points match will actually let you substitute a product as long as the price points are equal or lesser value you can go ahead and um and swap the products out you just gotta let stephanie know and she'll do that for you okay. So let's go and let's go back to the resistance removal formula okay. Now the resistance removal formula as i teach it is based on the work of dr michael pantalon and the book.

That this is based on is called instant influence and i will tell you up front that it's a great book. And that because of the way the nervous system works you can actually use this protocol to eliminate physical pain it's. So weird. But i actually have it uh i actually have a video on youtube where somebody came up with pain back pain and using this resistance removal protocol i literally argued her out of back pain right.

It's it's really cool and i actually in one of my other classes i use this exact same protocol to talk four people in the room out of having tinnitus i actually reduced and removed their tinnitus or tinnitus uh using this protocol now tinnitus is one of the prob um one of the the maladies i've had the biggest time the hardest time dealing with clinically. So i was actually quite shocked uh when this worked and how well it worked. But one of the. First things that has to happen when you want somebody to do something they just told you they did not want to do is you have to actually validate them and what i mean by that is you actually have to reaffirm their right.

To say no. This is this is probably one of the single most important aspects of this we call this restore sense of personal choice or autonomy when people let me ask this question really quick how many of you have ever been talked into doing something you didn't want to do like you just got brow beaten or bullied or or whatever yes. Okay. How did you feel about it how did you feel about it did you want to do it were you angry maybe did you want to did you want to find a way to get revenge yes.

No. Talk to me all right. What you experienced that anger that i call it the you factor that sense of you know like no. Hope or is called reactants reactant is a phenomenon that every human being experiences any time their sense of free will or personal choice is taken away or perceived as being taken away you understand that now one of the side effects of that and there's several is what we call passive aggressive behavior one of the things i teach all of my my hypnosis and hypnotherapy students people are going to see clients when they do their 30-minute consultation with a subject is you've got to make sure that those people are there for their own reasons a lot of my students are hypnotherapists or coaches they deal with habit control like smoke cessation or weight loss probably an addictions probably the top big the big top three uh where this is a factor and a lot of times somebody will come into your clinic and they're there in your clinic because somebody else wants them to be there i'll use smoking as an example somebody shows up at your clinic they want to stop smoking you ask them well i'm curious about something do you want to stop why are you here to stop smoking well my wife has been on my case about the stink in my clothes about how much money is costing she just busted my balls to uh you know just stop smoking.

So i'm just gonna go ahead and go ahead and make me stop smoking right. First thing i say to them is no. And they're gonna and look. At me like what i said look.

If you want to stop smoking for your reasons i will help you stop smoking. But if you're here because your wife wants you to stop smoking or your sibling or your brother wants you to stop smoking or your kids want you to stop smoking that's not good enough and here's the thing i want you to understand i am your advocate i am your ally in this if you don't want to stop smoking i will not help you stop smoking right. If you want to be a better smoker if you want to enjoy cigarettes more i'm your advocate i will actually do that for you because i'm here for you i'm here to make sure that you come out of these sessions getting what you want not what your wife wants not what your husband wants not what your brother or your sisters want not what your kids want you. So if you want to be a better smoker i'll use my skills to help you be a better smoker if you want to you know um sit in the room and just look.

At me for 90 minutes because they're paying the bills i'm happy to let you do that too if you want to walk out of here and never come back i support you in that. But i'm curious about something just for the sake of argument if you were to want to quit smoking for your reasons not your wife's reasons not your husband's reasons not your brother's reasons not your kid's reasons for your reasons why why might you want to stop smoking they'll look. At you and they'll say well it does kind of stain my teeth i could really use a you know and it does make my clothes smell and i could probably use the extra money perfect. So less stains on the teeth less smells in the clothes a little extra money i'm curious about something on a scale of zero to ten how much do you want how much how much do you want better teeth less smelly clothing and a little bit more money oh geez um like four or five man wow four or five why.

So much why didn't you rate it less well because i don't want to stink and i want you know i could use that money for other things cool. So i'm curious what's the. Next step that we need you know and i agree it's thinking is not cool and you could use the extra money. So how soon you know what's the.

Next step we need to take. So you can stink less and have more money well i guess we need to go ahead and book. A session have a seat boom see did you see what i did. First thing i did most important thing when somebody is presented with a situation where they're feeling compelled to do the thing they don't want to do by somebody else's will their autonomy has been impinged upon you need to give it back to them you need to give them the experience that they actually have the right.

To choose and that you support them whether they want to do what the other person wants or not because if you don't restore that sense of personal freedom and choice they will filter everything you say as an attempt to manipulate them and they will fight you. So the. First thing that must happen is you must create an alliance with them where they see you as their friend their advocate their support because they feel like everybody else is out to get them and as long as they feel like you're part of them they will resist anything you say the moment they feel like they've been vindicated validated that their decisions are going to be honored and respected without being vilified in any way they become hyper compliant if you word things properly and the thing is is you have to ask them what would be the right. Motivation for them to want to do those things.

So the protocol is a restore personal autonomy ask the question echo the response let me let me show you the template really quick. So if you were to want to do. So again if you were to want to do x why might you want to do that you listen to what they say what do you do you agree with it you echo what they said you asked the. Next question on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that the most important word in this sentence by the way is might scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number it does not matter what number they give you the moment they give you a number you know what you do you echo you validate you ask again what do you ask why.

So much why didn't you rate it less they're going to give you an answer and it's usually going to have a look. And usually it's going to look. Like this you're going to say. So why do you want this.

So much why didn't you rate it less they're gonna go what because they're expecting you to say why don't you want it more. But you don't say that you say why didn't you rate it less why do you want this. So much and they're going to give you this loot. Next like duh usually what they say because they know in their own minds why they want it is obvious it's plain it's blatant and they just told you previously.

But here's the magic the rationalization that gets challenged only grows stronger. So when you ask somebody why do you want this. So much why didn't you rate it less you're actually attacking the reason they just gave you for wanting to do the thing they said they didn't want to do you understand that you're attacking the very reason they gave you for wanting to do the thing they said they didn't want to do the act of resisting it causes the desire to do it to grow stronger right. You guys want to play a little bit i can't again yes.

The moment they start defending their answer their desire to do it that pushback factor we were talking about earlier works for you instead of against you okay. All right. So again i i'm doing this as a group exercise. But all right.

Let's play a little bit i want you to stop for a moment for those who haven't i'm gonna have some fun with this. So the heck with you guys i want you to stop for a moment and think of um if you haven't bought your package yet right. I'm not going to force you to buy the package i'm not going to make you you know charge your credit card or whatever. But i'm curious about something if you were to want to get our.

Next package the one we're offering today for your own reasons not my reasons not your wife's reasons your husband's reasons your children's reasons your boss's dream whatever for your reasons the ones that would make your life better by your standards and your definitions if you want to grab the package not this package right. Um why might you want to do that why might you want to do it for you and if you want you can type it in the chat or you can just write it on a piece of paper i don't care right. But why might you want to do that take a moment think about it. Then what i want you to do is on a scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that once you have a number type type your number in the chat cool all right.

Beautiful. So here's my question here's my question why do you want this. So much why didn't you rate that number less pay attention to what pop what what thoughts pop into your head and notice what happens to your desire to take the action type what happens in the chat all the reasons you said right. Perfect thinking about it like that how soon you want to click that link and get and reserve your spot well again reach out to stephanie she's really good at helping people finance things get that ball rolling right.

Now you knew what i was doing right. You knew what i was doing and yet i'm betting the vast majority of you felt the desire to do it go up true not true true are not true in the chat this is this is pure conversational voodoo okay. Because if you do work in those problem areas you're dealing with addictions you're dealing with any kind of unmotivated i actually help a person get over an ex one time i was i was actually doing a video shoot and i was talking to one of the uh the waiters at the bar and we got to talk he was telling me about how he couldn't get past this girlfriend who just broke up with him and i looked at him and i said well i'm curious about something on a scale of zero to ten i mean i mean if you don't want to give over i'm not going to try and talk you end up getting over. But if you were to want to get over her and put her behind you for all the right.

Reasons not you know your friends reasons or other people's. But your reasons why might you want to put that behind you and get over her well i wanted to x y and z i said okay. So thinking about it like that how much might you want to do that scale of 0 to 10 how much might you want to do that and he goes well nine nine why. So much why didn't you rate it less he goes because i i'm done i need to be free i need to go forward man and all of a sudden he realized something she was done he was done with her he looked at me like dude thank you right.

Again this is you know again i have this little i don't know if it's if it's genetic i don't know if it's god touching my head and saying here or what. But every now and. Then i come across these these technologies these little books that have little nuggets in them that just they unpack in my head like a zip file this was one of them this particular protocol when i learned it was amazing. But.

Then i started using it in places you wouldn't have even thought dealing with physical illness emotional problems not just motivational i mean the way the nervous system works the neurology doesn't really care what you throw this at if you word it properly the mechanics of it will just create the opposite direction in a desirable way it's really cool. So this is how again you've got to set the context you've got to restore personal autonomy well i cover this yes. Mourinho is covered in depth in both killer influence um and in defense i believe in defense against the dark arts as well yeah we will cover it is covered quite extensively this this one has become a real important um part of our batman utility belt in killer influence and when you come to uh when you come to the live event you will absolutely be um immersed in it it's really really important well that's what i think of this stuff as everything i teach i think of it like a cartridge in our in our utility belts we go out into the world and we're superheroes we're jedi you know we're wandering wizards with all these tools to help ourselves and. Then the people that we feel worthy of helping you want a wonder woman utility belt we can do that we can do that do you guys have fun you learned some stuff all right.

So again we covered three things three big pieces tonight in addition to all the principles that underlie it we've talked about the echo technique the secret pass code to the human nervous system one of the most powerful unstoppable language patterns that exist if you know nothing else. But the echo technique you've already your head and shoulders again again above above the competition if you combine that with the emotional bonding checklist the emotional motivation checklist you now have the ability to reach into somebody's heart gain their undivided attention and emotionally link everything they want to what you offer that makes them just want to take the. Next step with you if you have somebody who feels like there's something that. Then you need them to do.

But they don't want to do it you hit them with once you've done the emotional bonding checklist you add the resistance removal protocol for it and all of a sudden they will generate the reasons for doing the very thing they said they didn't want to do you focus in on those reasons you talk about those reasons and that's how you move them forward okay. Very powerful you don't got to believe any of it works you just got to go out and do it okay. So that being said um. Last.

Last call. So to speak for those of you who want to uh get in on the this. Last package offer this again this is the killer influence uk special edition 27 video set plus the mind control manifesto manual two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to include the defense against the dark arts psycho social self-defense and behavioral profiling system 1997 value we're going to include the renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change home study course and manual 1997. speed attraction uh rapid attraction secrets for dating mating and relating 1490 i'm sorry there's pr let me go back to this other other one because there we go there we go um i want the problem with the right. Prices one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars the nlp power mastermind mentoring trial program valued at 1 597 we're going to give that to you absolutely free and of course the stealth instant conversation that knows it's crash course 997 value and the killer influence four day certification boot camp april 27th through the 30th coming to a resort location near you uh it's 2 250. we're going to give it to you absolutely free you can get all this entire package for the one loan installment of just 9.97 or you can break it up into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you need to do to reserve yours today is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go all right.

There you go if phone is busy please leave a message in the words of the immortal caliber now i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends god bless have a great start to your new year i will see you on the other side take care my friends i love you.
