Title: How To Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind for Health, Wealth, Success and Happiness
File Name: ehhXfZtwT-k.txt
Video Id: ehhXfZtwT-k
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehhXfZtwT-k

Sorry forgot to mute let me try that again um welcome to. Steve how to reprogram your subconscious mind this is. Dr. David.

Schneider. I'll be your guide through this journey into how to reprogram the and use the power of your subconscious mind for. Success health wealth and happiness if. I seem a little bit distracted because.

I'm actually managing like two different interfaces at the same time. So if you see me just kind of stare off into space or suddenly part of your your transmission kind of goes out it's my attention deficit disorder kicking in. Anyway tonight we're going to be exploring the powers of your mind we're going to take you through some very powerful simple techniques that allow you to get remove the blocks to your success overcome limiting belief put a dead stop halt to procrastination um and. So much.

So um. Kelly. Locke says you're the man love your content thank you now for those of you joining us through. YouTube you may notice a little.

Zoom icon in the lower left hand corner our right. Hand corner that's because we are live we're actually. I actually have two cameras running. I have.

I've got a lot of redundancies set up. But. I am having to manage like two different consoles at the same time. So.

I apologize in advance where we we've learned the hard way that we need to have redundancy setups to make sure that you get the content that you invested your time and energy to come and learn um. So. First and foremost is this the right. Place for you if you're um if this is your.

First time in. Planet. David here's what. I need you to do.

I need you to go ahead and go to the chat and type your name and where you're checking in from um and if you want uh what you actually want to learn in the. Next two or three hours while you're doing that let me just go over a few administrative things. I think are very important to understand. First and foremost if you're used to the traditional webinar that's 60 to 90 minutes where all they do is tease you about all the things you could have or the things you could do you're going to be kind of either pleasantly surprised or disappointed.

I'm not sure which we we have what we call a free form webinar what that means it's done in three phases the. First phase what. I'm going to be teaching you is the foundations that you need to to tap into the powers of your subconscious mind and literally reprogram it for anything you want. Then what.

I'm going to do is. I'm going to teach you uh how to take it even further to build on the platform the foundations that we've just laid out and. Then show you how to take it even further in part three of our webinar what. I'm going to do is.

I'm actually going to circle back to part one and we're going to teach you more stuff based on the foundations that we've set in in uh part one of the webinar. So before we get into that content. I'd like to just give you a few administrative details. First of all.

I know you're going to have a lot of questions everybody does okay. And. I love questions the problem is is the more questions. I get the more rabbits the more squirrels and rabbits and other types of rodentia that.

I chase. So if you do have a question and it's relevant to the point of the webinar that we're at by all means ask right. If. I see it and it's relevant and it won't take us too far.

I'll feel unhappy to answer it. However if. I feel like it's going to pull us in a direction that is not the topic of tonight's webinar. Then.

I reserve to write to answer that question. Later if you really want now that's part two now for those of you who are brand new thank you for for tapping in and how many of you have been in. Planet. David for any any length of time four months five months six months or longer if you if you're if you're a planet.

David veteran go ahead and type your names in the chat. So our new people can meet you and see you the reason. I ask that is because many times you're going to have a question that. I won't answer either because the chat's flying by at 100 miles an hour or it's not relevant to the to the the point of the webinar that we're at.

But my veterans have their their veterans employment. David for weakness because they've taken these things out into the world and actually applied them and gotten amazing results. So they keep coming back for more good stuff if my veterans if you see a question that you have experienced using our. Technologies to deal with by all means please type your answers in the chat and direct them at the people that uh that need them and the final way to get your questions answered after this video after this webinar.

Is. Over. YouTube will automatically create a replay for it on my. YouTube channel okay.

Within probably an hour or. So or less that replay will be available and you can if you go into the comments section uh below the video replay and you type in your question. I make it a practice uh for uh to go through my. YouTube channel comments three or four times a day and especially on the newer content and if.

I see your question. I will happily answer it for you through the through that comment section if. I have an answer. I'll show.

I'll point you in that direction if. I don't have an answer. I'll tell you that too and. I'll show you where to go where.

I think you might get a better result is that is that a fair deal for getting questions answered yes. Yes. Type it in the chat if you think that's fair okay. Perfect now another thing is this my my goal here isn't to just tease you with a bunch of stuff there is nothing in here in this webinar that you're going to be going through today that is theoretical in in the sense that we're just making this up um it's all been proven it's it's all based on either.

Neuroscience social psychology or some form of real world testing you don't even have to believe half the stuff. I'm going to teach you for it to work for you all you actually have to do is follow the mechanics that being said my goal here is to give you solid actionable techniques that you can take out into the world and into your mind and start applying right. Away okay. So for the.

First. UH 60 60 minutes or. So that were on the webinar. I'm gonna give you the must-have foundations the things you absolutely need to know to be able to reprogram your subconscious mind.

But also. I'm going to give you the experience of it and that's why. I tell people if you want to get the most from the. Next this training and this is not going to be a short training my trainings usually.

Last anywhere from two to three hours sometimes longer depending on the needs of of my students which you are now part of whether you're brand new or whether you're you know been here a long time you guys know. I'm all about making sure you come away from this webinar with not only the skills that you wanted to learn a clear path to take your learning further. But. Then even more customized content that you could actually uh apply and help them pay forward.

So that being said um let's talk see what else we're gonna okay. So if this is the scope of everything there is to talk about when we're dealing with reprogramming your subconscious mind even in a two or three hour webinar we've got time you know for this. So my commitment my promise to you is. I will take you as far down this.

Rabbit. Hole as. I can. I will teach you as much as humanly possible and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go to. Nate to take the. Next step is that fair if. I if.

I just teach you as much as. I can you do the drills with the right. Attitude and you follow my instructions and. I'll show you how to get get more and take it further is that a fair trade if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat.

I see a lot of familiar faces here on planet. David yeah. Tracy hiding out in an undisclosed nudist resort in. Florida been following me for seven years there is a colorful introduction.

David is always. Fair thank you. So much for that all right. That being said let me go ahead and share my screens again.

So that we can kind of get back to the content. I don't like to to do a lot of. PowerPoints. But sometimes it's just really really necessary.

So we can move forward okay. And let's go to this. So for a lot of you you're probably asking the magic question who is. Dr.

David. Snyder and why the hell should. I care well. First and foremost.

I am actually a doctor of acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I've got my master's degree in acupuncture my license and acupuncture in 2005 and. I went on to get my doctorate in.

Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine and this is a copy of my uh diploma from. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine. So. I just wanted to show you that and. Then what you see here now is not only do.

I have a clinic in uh in. Solana. Beach where we've spent the. Last 15 years treating physiological illness that is due to repressed emotions.

So. I have a lot of insight into how the mind manifests things both in terms of subjective blocks. Behavior spheres are also terminal and chronic illness that's my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion what you're seeing in your window here is a letter. I received or this is my number one certification.

I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from hypnotherapy to. Advanced uh conversation hypnosis covert hypnosis uh body language non-verbal influence tactics uh lie detection the full spectrum of advanced trauma. Technologies and resolutions vibrational influence and energetics uh and. So in 2020.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the year like globalgurus.org and that's a copy of my bio and the number one slot and. I would appreciate your vote this year once again if. I could take that slot that would be awesome what you're going to see here now is a letter from.

Global gurus and what this says is uh. Dr. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP some of that stuff and of course if you click on that link you can see a copy of our rankings now.

I didn't even know if. I was being. I was actually being uh the course was actually there was actually a contest for this. But it was really it's really gratifying uh we've been we've been the top selling.

NLP training program uh since 2000 since 2020 and to 2022. and. So. I just wanted to share this with you that many of the things you're going to be learning are. The.

Cutting. Edge right. Even though we're all about reprogramming the subconscious mind the killer influence was based on a on an idea for human influence the. First person you need to learn to influence if you're going to be effective in the world is yourself.

So by all means um. I just wanted to share that with you. I also have uh. I'm a lifelong martial artist and for those of you who aren't familiar with my background uh.

I have a 10th degree black belt in an art called rookie. Temple. I have a 4 degree black belt in. Shaolin kuntao fourth uh.

Second degree black belt in koshio. Campo room. First to read black belt in fonkuru. Jiu.

Jitsu. I'm also trained in small circle. Jiu. Jitsu combat 6 download.

Cinco mono. Scream on. Modern earnings and. I have more energy healing credentials than.

McDonald's sells hamburgers. So. I've been a. Reiki master since before.

Reiki was cool um. I'm an advanced chronic healer chronic psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA.

Theta healer. I'm trained in the banks to healing methods as well as many many different forms of shugong in fact. I'm actually doing a doctorate now in medical. Qigong.

So that. I can learn how to fix people who screw up their energetics by practicing that. Qigong. Anyway.

So people often ask me okay. David. So what what do all these things have in common well. First and foremost there's this phenomenon we teach in our trainees it's called.

State control and pattern recognition you see everything human beings do resolves down to a psycho-emotional state and a pattern structure of thinking a structure of movement a structure of behavior and when you can learn to spot these patterns and the states that drive them you start to gain tremendous tremendous insight into how people actually work and. So one of the things. I want to. I want to be very clear for you is when we look.

At reprogramming the subconscious mind the subconscious mind is actually the seat of all of these things and if you have eyes. To see and here's to here you can start to extract those patterns both within other people. But most importantly for the the scope of this webinar within yourself and that's going to allow you to rapidly make changes we're going to introduce you to a system if you will that will actually allow you to find the stuff that's bothering you and actually change it you're going to have some very profound um some very profound experiences today and that's why. I really really want to stress that the more you participate in this webinar the more you're going to get out of it you see if.

I just tell you information. Then. I've. I've satisfied your curiosity to a certain degree and your conscious mind thinks it learns something.

But if. I give you an actual experience if. I actually walk you through a process and let you experience the the transformation. First hand we've opened the door and walked through it and we don't want to go back we it changes you at a very fundamental level.

So this is a very very experience based webinar okay. So let me go back to the. PowerPoint just um if. I'm here okay.

Perfect okay. So when people start to ask me you know what does stage control and pattern have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind and health wealth success and happiness pretty much everything you see everything human beings do comes down to a pattern if you understand that pattern. Then you can rapidly make changes okay. Um.

I see somebody is anybody else lost the volume besides gay. Parker are we all good just let me know okay. Everyone says okay. Excellent okay.

Perfect thank you by by the way for for your for coming out and hanging out with me uh. I'm gonna take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can in the time that we have. But there are certain fundamental things that we kind of have to um go through. So let me let me jump out of this and. So.

I'm going to ask you to just do something with me really quick. I'm going to ask you some questions and are we in the right. Place is this the best use of your time well let me ask you these the following questions how many of you would like to be uh to tap into the powers of the. Law of.

Attraction maybe uh be able to attract more mag become more magnetic to money uh health wealth success happiness would that be something you guys would want to be able to do perfect how many of you would like to be able to absolutely banish fear hesitation phobias uh anxiety from your life and even if you can't you know and even if it comes back what if you could have the tools to actually nuke it before it derailed your whole life would that be useful okay. We're going to cover that today if you'd like to make more money and put more money into your life we'll show you how to do that right. If you'd like to program yourself to create massive. Financial abundance be more charismatic um to to um just get really angry you guys never noticed that sometimes after a while there's certain people that just trip our triggers right.

What if we could just dump all that what if we could just vent that energy and just be at peace would that be useful okay. We're going to teach you the building blocks the foundations for all of this how many of you have ever tried to do affirmations and the minute you start trying to tell yourself positive stuff you feel icky and like you have this icky feeling in the back of your mind anybody ever notice that okay. We're going to teach you what that is and how to fit how to get rid of it forever would that be okay. Good all right.

Uh how many of you would like to actually put a dead stop halt to procrastination remove limiting beliefs from your life and become and just surround yourself with the kind of people that you actually want to be around to be comfortable in your own skin confident no. Matter where you go what if you could do those things on demand like and what if what if just take it one step further what if you're out going through your life you know be bopping around all of a sudden something takes you by surprise and totally knocks you off your mental or physical game what if you had a nearly bulletproof way to get back into action and and perform at your optimal for that situation would that be useful okay. Stay tuned because that and more is coming your way. So here's what.

I'm going to promise you if you stay till the end of tonight's webinar. I'm going to teach you the most powerful fastest direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness now on the surface these things may all sound like very different subjects. But here's the thing they're all built from the same stuff that's what's cool you see when we start peeling back the layers of how your subconscious mind works even though that we have all these different contexts and all these different topics your neurology builds them the same way from the same materials and if you understand how that process works. Then it's literally like typing a username and password into a dashboard finding the controls and changing whatever you want you guys know what.

I mean you want to have a about a dashboard we have a username and a password and you can get to the thing that actually controls everything you guys with me on this that's what we're going to start with and it's it's actually quite simple you don't have to know how to build the car in order to drive the car we have classes if you want to learn how to how to build a new car drive a new car what have you um. But for right. Now if you could point to where you feel it you can change it how many of you like. I said before.

I want to put a dead stop hole to procrastination would that be something we want to do yes. Or yes. That's. TR record would say cool remove blocks to your success anybody ever feel blocked held back like there's something in their way that they just can't seem to get past or around or get over we're going to show you how to fix that how would you like to get rid of all the negative motions fear pain and.

Lemony beliefs and if you can't get rid of them like forever just get them away from you in that context to that moment because again remember that there's no. Such thing as a bad emotion and. I really want to stress that from an linguistic perspective from an energetics perspective emotions are just ways of sending us information right. But sometimes they're appropriate.

But when they're inappropriate how do you change that how do you take charge of your mind and your body to actually move your life forward we're going to explore the system behind the system if you will and. Finally we're going to give you the exact steps needed to teach you to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time. I'm going to take. I'm going to show you how to take it further you guys ready to play a little bit okay.

So how are we going to do that well. First and foremost let me go ahead and uh talk about the two most important factors to success the two most important factors to success you're going to want to write this down identity and action let me talk about identity and action we're gonna we're gonna explain these a little bit more fully in just a minute there are three ingredients to achievement um inspiration action activity knowledge and know-how okay. So if you're taking notes the. First thing.

I want you to do is. I want you to write down the two most important factors to success if you don't understand these. Then and one without the other is impotent. So we're going to talk about that and.

So that those two important ingredients to success are identity and action okay. The three ingredients to achievement three ingredients to achievement are when you put these three things together in the proper way you become successful you become effective and that's what you're here to do you don't want to you're not here to just survive you're here to learn how to thrive right. To to kind of become awake in the video game and game the cheat codes to the human nervous system. So here's the three things.

I want you to write down as far as achievement goes okay. Inspiration to action activity knowledge and know-how kn-o-w-h-o-w right. So let me um let me let me see if. I can pull up all right.

We'll come back to that we're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about how many people ever heard this thing called. The. Law of.

Attraction anybody okay. Now the way most of us are taught we're taught that the law of attraction is all about vibration that you will attract into your life the the feeling situations people that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts that sounds great on the surface there's only one problem they don't actually tell you what your dominant thoughts are and here's what. I mean by that you guys remember earlier. I asked you a question.

I asked you how many of you ever tried to do affirmations and as you're doing the affirmation there's this little icky feeling in the background that just pops up whenever you try to do those things yes. Or yes. Anybody okay. Okay.

Those icky feelings the ones you try to ignore those are your dominant thoughts we're going to show you how to get rid of it okay. Remember the reason it's it feels like it's fainted in the background isn't because it's weak it's because it's deep in the system and you need to know how to access that. So we're going to cover how to do that in this training okay. We're going to talk about body centered energy psychology this is an integrated understanding what we call holographic memory.

Theory this is how in the world according to. David we make fast powerful effective changes on physical emotional uh and sometimes oftentimes spiritual levels as well okay. So sorry. I just got a notice.

I said. I was muted. I just want to check my my system here. So we'll talk about how to program your future and clear your past and.

Then how to take control how to get the life you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions. So. First and foremost just. So.

I understand you guys better how many of you would like to be up to 30 percent better at everything type it in the chat yes. Or yes. Okay. So here's all you got to do and this is actually standard operating procedure in in.

Planet date okay. First and foremost if you adopt a playful fun curious explorational attitude the studies show that when you when you. Embrace this energy this attitude you are up to 31 more aware 31 percent more creative 31 more mentally emotionally flexible 31 more responsive and the people you're interacting with are up to 30 to 31 percent more compliant to what you want them to do what would your life be like just to think about this what would your life be like if he the number of yeses you heard in your life jumped by a. Third in other words there were 30 more likely to say yes.

To everything what would your life be like what could you do with that pretty good huh now that particular statistic comes from a gentleman by the name of. Chris. Boss who was the lead negoti the lead hostage negotiator for the. FBI now when the.

FBI says if the hostage negotiator is up to 31 percent more of everything good and the bad guy becomes 31 more compliant do you think it might work in your life all right. Are any of you doing anything more stressful than negotiating with a bad guy or hostage paper right. So what's interesting in our in our trainings we talk about something called. State.

Control. State control is the ability to enter or exit any cycle emotional state on demand at will as the situation needed we devote entire days of training to just this one superpower and it literally is a superpower okay. It allows you to take in charge of any situation to overwrite people's moods to to change the frames you see of how you perceive the world around you and. Then we build on that um.

So we're going to talk a little bit about how to do that in a very quick and easy way we're going to guide you through some exercises because. I want you to have the experience of these things okay. Um let me see where what. I want to take you guys.

Next okay. Um 31 more effective. So let's play a game. I want you to write.

So let's write let's talk about what we've written down. So far you've got two ingredients to success right. Identity and action now your identity is all about who you are and what you feel you deserve it distills down to your beliefs your beliefs have a hierarchy to them at the very if you think of all the beliefs that you have kind of like a pyramid a step pyramid right. Right.

Let me show you a graphic really quick it should work here um. So share this is that what. I want no. That's what.

I want okay. Okay. So this is the graphic that. I want you guys to be looking at uh let me go back to my zoom.

I'm going to share this all right. So what you're seeing here is the hierarchy of beliefs from neuro linguistic programming okay. And. So if you look.

At it very closely you can see that at the very. Apex of this pyramid is something we call beliefs below that is identity below that our beliefs and values now everything we're going to talk about in today's webinar is about influencing these three levels of your belief you see one of the problems that people have many times is when they're hold on a. Second let me just clear this what happens many times is people confuse these logical levels let me just finish this hierarchy. So you have spirituality and purpose you have identity you have beliefs and values capabilities behaviors environment the way this works in terms of the new human nervous system is you have a hierarchy everything at the top controls everything below it.

So a lot of the work that we do happens at this belief value at this level here because it gives us the greatest degree of transformation and change and affects all the levels below it. But what happens many times is we often confuse something we do which is a behavior with something that we are which is an identity. So let me give you some examples of this really quickly uh how many of you by a show of hands have ever heard somebody say. I'm such a loser or.

I suck or. I'm just not good at these things or. I'm a smoker or. I'm overweight or.

I'm. I am. I am. I am how many of you ever heard somebody say those things okay.

Yes. Or yes. I gotta open my chat window okay. Anytime you hear the words.

I am. I am. X for example. I'm a loser well losing is an ident is not an identity losing his behavior losing is something you do it's not something you are.

So whenever you hear words like this whenever you find yourself using them. I want a little red button. I'd like to go off in your head because what you've done is you've confused you've confused something you are at the identity level with something you do right. So one of the ladies in the in the.

YouTube chat was saying victim mentality. I'm a victim. I'm helpless. I'm uh.

I'm just not good at money. I just. I'm just unlucky anytime you hear these things your confusing behaviors you see people aren't victims unless they're engaging in behaviors that cause them to be victimized you understand. So a lot of times like we'll just go back some more classic ones.

I'm a fat person or. I'm a smoker right. Well smoking isn't an identity smoking is something you do right. And you can always change what you do.

So the. First thing. I want you to understand is. I want you to start when you start paying attention to the beliefs that you operate by how many times are you violating this rule of is what is what.

I'm saying. I am. X is it something is it is it an identity or is it a behavior just the act of consciously separating your mind from the identity level to the behavior level gives you power over we call that going meta as we get deeper into the training tonight we're going to talk about going meta in a lot of different ways going better means to go above something you guys with me. So far okay.

Very good all right. So do we understand this hierarchy of beliefs that. I just talked about perfect okay. So let's play.

Let's play a little game um with this just just working with the language up just working with the language. Then we're going to do some. State. Control exercises and we're going to get into more cool stuff.

So um everybody uh well you can you can do this while driving. But. I would recommend you if you pull over to the side put the car in park turn off the engine put the emergency brake on and just say this out loud. I let's see here um well just notice what happens when you say this.

I do successful things just say that outline. I do successful things say it to yourself notice how you feel right. Once you've done that. I want you to stop say.

I am a successful person. I am a successful person say that a couple of times and go back and forth and notice the difference in how you relate to the subject okay. And tell me what you discover what what do you notice in your mind. I am successful person is more powerful yes.

Feeling power excellent now how many of you have something that is holding you back and you you've caught yourself using the term. I am blank right. Type in some of the things that you use this. I am statement for that kind of is about a limiting belief or a limiting thing that you have like.

I'm fat or. I'm lazy or. I'm a procrastinator or um. I'm a glutton.

I'm stuck okay. Stuff is stuck and. I'm not ready okay. I'm.

So behind right. Perfect now perfect now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to take that statement.

I'm not educated enough right. Um. I want you to change it to a behavior in other words like. I'm undeserving i i i i i i instead of.

I am undeserving try. I act in undeserving ways and notice what happens. I am depressed or worthless. I.

I often feel or. I feel depressed or. I'm doing. I do do things that depress me.

I do depressing things notice what happens when you change it from an. I am statement to an. I do statement or. I do behaviors that.

XYZ what happens when you do that that feels. So different bingo the reason this. I feel unable to move forward okay. How does that change from.

I am unable to move forward separate the person from exactly remember you identify it's like your. Consciousness is likened and. I have a habit of procrastination or. I do things that create procrastination right.

All right. Some of you guys are playing around in the other chat. So what's the takeaway what what what can you learn from this one exercise a part of me feels. XYZ very good right.

In the moment where you consciously take control of your language and you change the level that have how you relate to yourself it empowers you to be uh to take charge of it remember the way. I've always taught it to my students is let's hypothetically let's say for some mysterious reason that one day you wake up and there's this this nasty growth in your arm and it hurts and it smells weird and it's freaking you out and you go to the doctor and the doctor looks at it they do a biopsy says oh my. God it's a gangrenous lesion and they're the only way to save your life is to cut off your arm now you consciously. May understand that living is more important than your arm.

But think about it for a moment how conflicted are you about having the arm amputated right. And the reason. I bring this up is because when we identify with the behavior in other words when we confuse it with something we do from versus something we are our neurology tends to fight to hold on to it even if it's a even if it's something that makes our life okay. Just changing how you relate to that problem verbally changes how you think about the problem consciously and emotionally does that make sense right.

Remember it's very hard to change what you are well. But it's very easy to change what you do because you can always do something different does that make sense let's go back to by checking can. I say it again we are not our thoughts no. But you have them right.

Um the problem is one of the big delusions that human beings operate under is that their thoughts are their memories are real that they are in fact the things that happen to them and they're not they're just very good recordings of stuff that happened to us once we talk a lot about this in identity by. Design. So if you want to learn how to really customize your identity you might want to think about grabbing that course or jumping into that class. But are we okay.

Do we understand this whole structure of belief and identity right. Um let me go back to sharing my my. PowerPoint really quick and okay. So the.

First thing. I wanted to talk to you about was this this idea of hierarchy of beliefs right. Every human being works this way now what's really cool is you have in spite of the fact that you have this this really cool logical levels of belief beliefs are really coming to two categories as far as what we want to be able to understand about them there are beliefs that you know about beliefs that are obvious. But there are also beliefs that you don't know about and that's one of the reasons why when you try to do affirmations or you try to give yourself positive suggestions or even when people compliment you sometimes you feel you feel that initial good feeling and like it's almost a superficial good feeling.

But in the back there's this icky. Naggy that's not true kind of a feeling or or what have you and the reason for that is because the beliefs that hold you back are very deep in the body and we've ignored them. But they're not. But they.

But they don't go away just because you ignore them okay. When you understand how to to sensitize yourself to this the background ickiness you now have a way to. Target the beliefs you were not conscious of until a context manifested in which they go active. So let me explain that a little bit human beings are our memories are organized by what they have in common and they're triggered by context.

So if you're moving through the world um and you encounter a spider on the ground right. And when you were a kid um you were terrible you had you were bitten by a spider and had a bad experience and your mind logged out as an event you may go through your entire life never having seen a spider and never realize that that fear was there right. Again. I'm oversimplifying it.

But you see a spider all of a sudden that icky feeling comes up you summon up your willpower you suck it back down and every time you suck that energy back or push that energy back down it adds a deeper level of charge to the memory okay. And. So every time you think about a spider every time you see a spider there's this little background process that you're automatically suppressing we want to get that stuff out of us. So that it doesn't hinder us or hold us back anymore.

So you have two sets of beliefs the beliefs you know about the beliefs you do not one of the things that we're going to talk about um very shortly is how do we get motivated how do we get control of our minds and go forward how many of you have ever had this done this thing called a. New. Year's resolution anybody type it in the chat yeah right. So what happened with that why why did why did we they never stuck you ever wonder why okay.

When it comes to your book. How your brain operates beliefs you have two sources of motivation you have internal motivation and external motivation anything that's external our brain views as something that's being imposed on us even if we're doing it to ourselves right. When something is internally motivated it's pleasure it's a pleasure it's something we want. So the way you start to focus in on um pleasure versus pain and that's what we're talking about human beings always move towards pleasure and away from pain they just may do it in a different order right.

Some people move toward away from. Pain and towards pleasure some people move away from pleasure towards pain. But when you feel like something's being imposed on you you automatically push back right. This is probably a good time for my my disclaimer if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you probably not the best use of the. Next two and a half hours okay. But.

I call that that pushback the you factor if somebody um says go do this and you don't want it and it's even if it's something you would normally do because somebody asked you to do it you kind of don't want to that's called reactants and reactants is kind of that that negative feeling we get too late we know you yeah uh. But reactance is kind of that feeling we get whenever somebody tries to influence us in a way that we didn't invite right. But here's the weird part this is where it gets crazy we do this to ourselves we do this to ourselves by the kinds of language that we use let's play can we can we play another game just for fun type yes. In the chat if you don't play a game all right.

I want you to think of something a goal that you have an outcome and. I want you to say to yourself. I want to do. X and just fill it in say it out loud three times.

I want to do. X and. Then type in how you feel about it it's like it's not going to happen. Okay.

Anxious disheartened feel natural okay. Again how. I'm again there's no. Right.

Or wrong for this exercise right. Now what. I want you to do is. I want you and.

I'm gonna. I'm. Gonna. Change.

Up the exercise in a minute. But let's just finish the other end of this drill now. I want you to tell yourself. I must do.

X or. I have to do. X and tell me what happens. I want to go back to work and experience with that pressure ah look.

At it more energy okay. Don't want it as much resistance anxious resistance yeah okay. Now the reason. I'm bringing this up is because some of you will be far more motivated by what we call a modal operator of necessity.

I have to. I should. I must. I need others of you will be far more motivated by what we call modal operators of possibility.

I want to. I will. I shall just playing with those words will transform how you feel about the process want to is a little wimpy for you okay. Now again there's no.

Right. Or wrong human beings have a very similar nervous system. But they run them differently they each run them a little bit differently. So from this exercise let's think about something you don't want to do like something that is a chore that needs to be handled right.

What. I want you to do now is. I want you to apply this same idea possibility versus necessity ask yourself or say to yourself. I want to do.

X and notice the feelings that come up. Then say to yourself. I need to do. X or.

I have to do. X and notice. What feelings come up tell me and type in the chat what you notice need equals failure okay. Agree with the need not what you want very good one makes me feel like a victim ah very good me makes me feel needy okay.

I want perfect now all we did ladies and gentlemen all we did was change one word all we did was change one word and notice how rapidly the feelings in your body change. So let's start with the the prime that's a good way to say this the prime directive or the prime operator in. Planet data goes like this everything human beings do is in response to a. Feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of understand that we have a towards process a propulsion system and an away from process of propulsion system.

But we have different we have preferred orders that we do it some people start with pain and move towards pleasure some people move towards pleasure and. Then toward away from pain doesn't matter. But what happens is just a simple change of language changes your body feel to the moment you change your body feelings your reticular activating system which is controls what you pay attention to data points in your environment will shift. So if you want to change your reality the fastest way to do that is to change your body feelings now one of the things.

I just gave you about doing that was by changing your language changing what we call your modal operators necessity versus possibility. I want to versus. I have to does that make sense is this useful okay. Very good.

So let's talk about the other side of. State. Control let's talk about how do we change the body feelings that we have. On.

Demand right. So we in in. Planet. David we in our state control training which is literally the one training you'll never see fully explored on.

YouTube because it's literally proprietary we um it literally is our superpowers what allows you it supercharges everything you do okay. But we divide. State control which is the ability to enter or exit any emotional state at any given time at will we divided into two big categories we have physiological. State.

Control and willpower or relational. State. Control what you do with your mind versus what you do with your body. So we're going to play a game now for the.

Next couple of games we're going to play are all about teaching you how to magnify your state how many of you ever made this mistake really quick how many people here know what affirmations are just by show of hands or you type yes. In the chat okay. All right. How many of you have ever have ever done this and.

I know half of you will tell me the truth the rest of you will lie. I get it how many of you often wait till you're in a shitty mood to start doing your affirmations anybody yes. Or yes. Yeah right.

It's like everybody's going off. Dan. I don't do affirmations anymore okay. I don't believe in affirmations what if.

I could show you a way to completely tap into the power of affirmations in a way that was in perfect harmony with the way your nervous system wants to be influenced and motivated would that be useful all right. Stick around to the end of the webinar because. I will. I will be one of the bonus things that.

I teach you okay. I will show you a process called informations that allows you to just instantly supercharge your neurology okay. Mostly argue with my affirmation okay. We're going to show you how to deal with that stuff.

I promise you that's my promise you. I will not. I will not log off the webinar tonight until you know how to do this okay. And you'll have the experience of doing it uh let's see where.

I'm at okay. So physiological. State. Control volitional.

State. Control now we volitional stick our volitional state control of the language stuff we just did that could be placed under this idea of using your willpower to control your emotions the problem is is that in actual practice you know we're all taught from the time we're knee-high to a grasshopper that our mind controls our body the problem is is that when our physiology is in chaos when our nervous system reaches. Max of a certain degree of arousal positive or negative we lose the ability to do to summon our willpower it overwhelms us. But if we know how to change our physiology in other words our posture and our breathing we can instantly interrupt any negative state that we're thrown into and we can we can as an act of intention trigger any state that we want now we spend a full a full day on doing nothing.

But how to do this and transferring it into other people and identity by. Design killer influence uh attraction. Mastery we don't talk about it quite. So much in face reading because that's more of a diagnostic thing.

But we're gonna have we're going to have a couple experiences together. So how many of you would like to learn something really cool and feel really good yes. Or yes. All right.

So once again the exercise that we're about to do if you're driving please don't do this exercise if you want to experience this. Then if any of your driving or operating some form of heavy machinery that requires your full and undivided attention find a parking lot side of the road put the car in park turn off the ignition put on the emergency brake and. Then do these drills no. Power poses while driving we're not actually going to do power poses although that's one of the things that we teach okay.

What we are going to do though is. I want you to close your eyes. And think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling absolute pleasure ever. I mean on a scale of zero to ten this thing was like a 27. right.

I want you to close your eyes. Go back to that place and what were you seeing when you were having those amazing feelings what were you hearing listen to it what were you smelling smell those feet smell those things what were you tasting because as you do that as you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure now what. I'd like you to do as you immerse yourself in that feeling. I'd like you to remember how you were standing in that moment of absolute pleasure if you were standing remember how you were reclining if you were reclining remember how you were breathing and go back to those feelings go back to that posture go back to that way of breathing right.

And really lock it in right. When you've got that now again. I want you to just be fully engaged in this process holding on to that posture holding on to that breathing pattern don't try to answer my questions right. Away.

I'll tell you when to type them in the chat as you stand in that feeling do you breathe as you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste as you stand the way you were standing in that moment breathing the way you are breathing without repeat without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing without changing a single thing about the way you're standing in terms of your posture sum it up whatever willpower you might have and as an act of will again without changing your posture without changing your breathing try to feel bad and notice what happens instead and. Then when you're satisfied stop testing let that go let those wonderful feelings come back even stronger and when you're satisfied type in the chat now what you discovered when you tried to will that good feeling to go away without changing your posture and your breathing tell me what you discovered not possible wasn't happening oh wait a minute stop breathing cannot think at all oh you mean let's think about this for a moment right. You went into a pla a physiology and a breathing pattern of power of pleasure right. And.

Then you summoned up your willpower and your willpower failed you couldn't you couldn't go into the state without changing your posture and your breathing it was difficult to think negatively boom mic drop that's exactly right. You see yes. Theoretically theoretically your mind controls your body. But your brain operates on resources that are finite and your mind and body are a feedback loop you can't change one without changing the other in most untrained humans the physiology the meat controls the.

Mind controls the brain and if you hold a physiology your neurology can't activate the negative state right. And that's how many of you noticed by the way when you tried to bring in your willpower you tried to feel negative. But kept your physiology the same your body wanted to shift your body wanted to change posture sure not true type it in the chat true exactly this is why in. Planet.

David we teach you how to master the state the control of your emotional states through your posture and your breathing. First the reason we do that is because if if if the physiology is in chaos you can't access your thinking you can't access your willpower you can't access any of those resources. So even though the mind and body both influence each other in the average untrained person unless you're a. Buddhist monk the.

Next. Buddha you know a a high level uh. Elite athlete uh. Adept yogis you know people who spend a lot of time integrating mind and body your physiology is going to control your psychology okay.

So you need a way to train that right. So let's take this a bit further shall we. So would you like to take this a little bit further okay. So for this.

Next drill. I want you to close your eyes. I want you to think of a time in your life when you saw something you really really wanted. I mean on a scale of 0 to 10 it was like a lust factor of 27.

I want you to close your eyes. Now. I'm going to add a few more parameters to this you saw what you wanted you said. I'm going to get that and you made a plan you put that plan into action and no.

Matter what got in your way you went over around through whatever you work that plan change the plan as you needed to and boom home run you nailed it you got it. I want you to remember that moment of victory. I want you to remember that moment of absolute accomplishment if you've never had one imagine what it might be like we'll talk about that word. Later.

But what did you see in that moment of absolute realization of. Victory what did you hear what did you smell and what did you taste because as you do that when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get as you become aware of that growing feeling. I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment of victory. I.

Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing in that moment of victory and as an active will once again try to feel bad and when you know what's going on when you realize you can't go back to feeling bad that's perfect allow those feelings to come back even stronger now what. I want you to do is.

I'd like you to notice and check in with your body. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body or those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I want you to imagine for a moment if. I'm going to ask you a question if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing feeling a picture you could reach out and touch.

First impression where would you reach out to touch it just go ahead and do that take your other hand. Reach. Out. And.

Touch it now let's make sure we've got the right. One take both of your hands now trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you know you've got it. I want you to grab the edges of it and just like you would expand the window on a touch screen or on your phone make that picture as big as the room and notice what happens to the feelings in your body you don't have to type in the chat yet just do the drill now bring that picture back to its original size keep the size of the picture exactly the same and pull it closer to your physical body notice what happens to the feeling now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens now now you can have this feeling back in whatever way you want in just a moment.

But for the sake of our drill what. I'd like you to do now is. I'd like you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head now most of you know what a frisbee is once you imagine this picture that you're holding is now like a big. Frisbee.

I want you to take that frisbee. I want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears completely behind the horizon when you know it's completely gone scan your body and notice what happened to the feeling today how did they change when you've got that lift your hands up over your head now as you lift your hands up over your head. I want you to imagine that your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets okay. I want you to suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hands what. I want you to do now is. I want you to. I'm going to tell you the most important thing you're going to you're going to hear on this webinar today inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your reality you are the king or queen of your universe and you have absolutely every right.

Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and have those changes manifest in your body and in your mind into the outside world and. I want you to take a moment. I want you to play with your power right. Now.

I want you to take this picture that you're holding. I want you to play with it. I want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it outside of your body notice how every time you change something about the size shape or location of that picture the feelings and the quality of those feelings your mind and your body begin to change as well and. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot.

I want you to fix that that picture into place allow the energy to flow from that picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very. DNA of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual achievement factoring each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply there's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to turn that new feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're done you're satisfied go ahead and type in the chat what you discovered. Bliss an artist says right. How many of you noticed when you made the picture big feel great very good how many of you noticed when you made the picture bigger the feeling persists excellent how many notice when you made the picture bigger the feeling got more intense type it in the chat how many of you noticed will be maybe feeling smaller it got more intense doesn't matter which one you are just know which one worked for you that's your personal code for how your neurology creates your internal experience every belief memory thought feeling. Daydream fantasy that you have can be influenced through the dashboard that you just experienced how many notice when it came we got closer it got stronger yes.

Or yes. What happened when you put it above you and wrapped it around you deeper what happened when you took. It out and threw it behind you. Diamond saying.

I feel amazing yes. Loss okay. Feel dead empty faded oh did. I tell you to do that did.

I tell you to make it did. I tell you to make the feelings change like that the answer is. I didn't all. I wanted you to do was notice the change now why does that work it works because of something we call the proprioceptive grid proprioceptive grid let me see if.

I can find my uh there we go. I'm going to show you another picture we're not going to spend too much time this because we have some other things. I wanted was this useful was this powerful right. All right.

So let's let me go ahead and share my screen a little bit and go to new screen share. I'm juggling between um a bunch of different things here. So there we go. So this is for my jet people and this will be for my.

Zoomer or my. YouTubers all right. So what you're seeing here now my friends is a phenomena we call the proprioceptive grid and this will kind of give you an understanding and again. I noticed that for most of you.

I didn't. I didn't tell you what to feel or how to feel it. I wanted you to discover it right. So here's what we've discovered way your nervous system categorizes experience hold on a.

Second. Uh something's in the way here okay. So what you see here is anything that's in front of your body your nervous system classifies as a file that's open active and running okay. Anything that's behind you your nervous system automatically classifies things as closed over or complete okay.

The reason again this is. Davis you may have noticed that as you move the object closer to your body it got stronger the minute it passes through that boundary line it starts to become dissociated again right. So this is a map of how your neurology actually processes. Human.

Experience now let me uh let me jump out of the picture here really really quickly we're going to come back to this in part three of the webinar. But. I wanted to give you guys um a little bit of the theory behind this. So here's the thing that we need to understand how many of you noticed that when people talk they tend to use their hands yes.

Or yes. Go ahead and type it in the chat okay. What they're doing with their hands the hands. Next to the eyes.

Take up more real estate in the brain than any other part of your body when people gesture you'll notice when they talk about their stuff they'll say things like. I got this problem and. I just need to get past if. I can get past this.

Then everything would be okay. Look. At where their hands are and imagine that grid right. Or they say oh man if.

I could just put this behind me life would be good or if. I get around to something right. Everybody everybody will use these statements or other people use these statements remember from a neuro-linguistic perspective the words that you use are both a metaphorical and a literal map of how your thoughts are being made and structured if. I put if.

I have something that. I need to get that. I need to put behind me yes. Where does it end up right.

What did we say about things that go past the front of the body and through the spine over act over a complete finished right. When. I get around something where does it end up it ends up behind you right. If.

I get over something where does it end up you see the pattern 99 of you had that exact experience when you took. Something that was in front of you and moved it behind you your stuff went away now we used positive stuff it works exactly the same way for the negative stuff why because they're built from the same things they're built from the same things does that make sense okay. Is this useful okay. Excellent.

So what we're going to do. Next is. I want to talk about how to tap into the power of your neurology the power of your subconscious mind to absolutely get you fired up and heart and wired to do things that maybe you know you you think you could do or whatever would it be okay. To be able to tap into instant motivation on demand anytime you wanted real quick question have.

I am. I delivering on the promises. I made at the beginning of the webinar perfect okay. Now let's say we want it to be more playful let's say we want it to be more easy going remember.

I talked about how we just get into these powerful positive. States remember a time in your life when you were absolutely playful and curious right. Might be when you were a little kid exploring things right. Remember that time point where you feel.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

It trace the outline of the picture now make the picture you to notice what happens or if you're a concentrator make it smaller notice what happens. I just wrap it around you tell me what you feel good excellent all right. What if we could go deep what if we could actually tap into that that hierarchy of beliefs uh. Susan is asking can.

I get rid of physical blockages in my heart chakra that block yes. Yes. Absolutely you can and the reason. I say that.

Susan is because at the level of processing that we're doing the neurology doesn't really make a distinction between a physiological issue and a or an objective issue and a subjective issue it's all data as far as the subconscious mind is concerned. So there's a process we have called the transformational. Triad which is like the instant emergency. First aid kit for anything that you deal with out in the field it's one of the.

First things we teach you we have all kinds of videos on the. YouTube channel uh in the program we're going to be sharing with you in just a moment you'll actually learn those techniques and everything else that goes with it. So how many of you would like to be able to tap into. Unstoppable motivation on demand and create that same kind of desire in your customers your clients your significant others your romantic.

Partners your kids you and and your relatives would that be useful all right. So the. Next thing we're going to talk about is called the emotional motivation checklist now you'll remember. I'm going to go back to sharing my screen here you'll remember we talked about beliefs you talked about this little pyramid here right.

Where we're going to play with now is this level of the pyramid this forms these two levels form the heart of. Who. You. Are they form the heart of everything that's bright.

And desirable in your world in fact you can't talk about things at this level without experiencing intense desire and pleasure motivation conversely human beings can't have these levels of their belief systems violated without experiencing emotional pain okay. It's that powerful. So what we're going to do is we're going to give you the experience of it and. Then we're going to show you how to capitalize on on this within yourself.

But also within uh sorry hold on a. Second um with other people as well okay. So here's what. I want you to do to do this effectively we have to we're going to have to do a little bit of a drill.

So emotional motivation checklist here we go. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to take a moment.

I want you to type in the chat when you signed up for this webinar ladies and gentlemen when you signed up for this webinar there was something you wanted to be able to do as a byproduct from this train it was something you want to be able to do as a byproduct of learning the complete system and applying it in your life there was something you wanted to to do as a byproduct of doing the drills and getting the skills right. I want you to type in the chat and on a sheet of paper exactly what that is what is it you want to be able to do as a byproduct of this training okay. Take a moment whatever comes up get my passion going perfect. I want to earn more money want to go to the bank perfect get my creativity back overcome my limiting beliefs get rid of depression and be oh.

God these are good effective communication understand more of the exact method to attract okay. Confidence perfect now. I want you to take what you just wrote in the chat and on a. Sheena notebook.

Paper. I want you to write that at the top of your sheet okay. I want just whatever you wrote just transpose it or transfer it onto the sheet of notebook. Paper deliberately or directly underneath that now look.

At your screen you'll see a little template if you had that. I want to get unstuck or. I want to let go of physical pain or. I want to improve myself or.

I want to understand myself if you had that what's that going to do for you right. What's it going to do for you write that question out write the answer. First here's the secret the unconscious mind always answers. First and always answers honestly whatever comes up pay my off of me you don't have to type it in the chat.

I only needed the. First one right. But. I want you to write out what that's going to do for you once you've written out what it's going to do for you directly below that you'll see question.

B what's important to you about getting that. So using. Eduardo's example he pays this off what's important about paying your off what's that going to do for you what's important about that. First thing that pops up in your head is what.

I want you to write down underneath the sheet okay. Now suppose you had that you got that now you paid off your what's that going to do for you what's important about it. So you're going to ask the same question what's important about what's important about three times and just keep drilling down on the answer to the previous question what's important about a what's important about. B what's important about.

C and notice that there's a hierarchy of things that are important to you when you've got all three levels from a to c just type in done good now here's the. Next part of this drill. I want you to stand up let me get a piece of paper and model this for you. I want you to stand up.

I want you to hold your sheet of paper in front of you and all. I want you to do is. I want you to read the answers to those questions that you've just written down from a to to see. I want you to read only the answers out loud to your personal take a take an inventory of your body right.

Now and now read the answers to those questions five times out loud to yourself when you've done that tell me what you discovered tell me what changed have a meaning okay. How many of you got emotional member result. Freedom okay. How many of you motion.

So. I'm saying. I just. I just shut my chat window become calmer with body got lighter wave of heat okay.

Do you notice emotions coming up yes. Or yes. Okay. Mixed emotions that's fine what you've done is you've tapped into your own emotional motivation checklist every human being moves through the world with an idealized checklist of what constitutes the best of everything.

Carolyn says my back pain is less perfect this is this is the map that runs your life this is the map that determines what is right. And desirable in your world and what isn't what you will accept and what you want what if you could give these amazing feelings to everyone that you met what would that do if you can make clients feel this way about you and your product or service what would that do you can make your significant other feel things this strongly what would that do for you. So you enjoy right. Okay.

Greater sense of. Peace perfect. So is this powerful yes. Yes.

All right. At the beginning of our webinar. I told you that our webinar is going to be in three stages right. I'm going to give you the foundations.

I'm going to give you experiences that you can actually that will change you that will give you a significant introduction to the magic and the power within your own neurology and. I said in part two of our webinar. I'm going to show you a package or program that we've put together that will give you the entire system and allow you to take this even further with your permission do. I do.

I have your permission to show you how to level up and take the. Next step okay. Perfect. So that being said without further.

Ado let me just change my uh my screen again here really quickly close things out thank you all right. And for our. Zoomers let's go ahead and do this all right. We're all on the same page with your permission.

I'd like to share with you a special program we put together this will be the. Last time this year that we're offering this this is our secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultra mind control training for.

Success home study course this is an amazingly powerful. I gave. I gave you bits and pieces of the system this is the full the whole enchilada right. Here it's all about helping you take your life to the.

Next level how to quickly make more money attract more success to move the blocks to your success become more confident help more people uh and really become more. Charming charismatic and yours is what's really about getting the blocks out of your life pre-programming your mind for unparalleled success and understanding yourself in a way that gives you tremendous control over every aspect of your life that's really what this is about okay. Now everything in this particular uh webinar is expires as of. December 14th 2022 at 11 59.

PM. So if this is if you've if you've gotten even a little bit out of a handful of exercises that. I've put you through and you want to continue that momentum and get access to the entire system you're going to want to jump in before 11 59 pm tonight okay. Uh sequence of.

Personality transformation is all about uh before 14 videos said that teaches you the seven stage identity by design process the seven the seven stage identity by design process is a process that allows you to. Target the building blocks of your identity it allows you to resolve negativity you didn't even know you had had it overcome uh limiting beliefs that are keeping you stuck if you have stuff that goes away and. Then comes back or you resolve things to a certain level and it just doesn't get any better we'll show you how to do that and. Then we're going to teach you how to resolve the the limiting voices in your head the ones that tell you all the reasons why you're going to fail why you don't deserve it and turns it into your own personal cheerleader and turns it into a voice of wisdom and guidance and.

Safety and. Security that tells you all the reasons why you actually do deserve to be successful instead of all the reasons why you can't now we're going to teach you how to program into yourself specific default driver states that lead you to move through the world with a sense of confidence and power and playfulness and curiosity and a. Relentless determination to see those will be your default. States and.

Then you can build in any other states that you want. Then we're going to teach you how to systematically take that entire sequence of processes and install it as a genetic template in your. DNA some of you were talking about. PSI.

K. So you've heard of. Dr. Bruce.

Lipton and epigenetics we actually teach you how to program all of these transformational processes at the. DNA level. So your neurology and all of your experiences are automatically processed through that. So you tend to become the person you want to be instead of the person that's society and religion and culture have programmed you to be okay.

I'm going to teach you how to remove all the negativity from your password when you look. Back you look. You see it only in ways that make your life better and. Then.

Finally we're going to teach you exactly how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire into your your uh genetic memory. So that you can actually exemplify and perform at the same levels that they do it's called de-trans identification sometimes known as the right. Column effect extraordinarily powerful we're going to teach you instant and. Rapid inductions we're going to teach you conversational hypnosis we're going to teach you how to do different forms of self-hypnosis we're going to teach you the transformational.

Triad color breathing magic magic frame energy spinning all these things that are very powerful very fast very deep interventions to be able to do all these things on yourself maybe you'll do this entire seven stage process on yourself in as little as seven minutes. So you can make any change you want anytime you want or anytime you need to total value on this is two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars okay. But we're not going to stop there uh for those of you who want to go who are want to get a jump on that it goes to uh um. HTTP colon backslash www.davidsonlp nlp.com.

Anyway some of you already asking for it. So. I just. But whatever.

But for those of you who are early adopters you're going to be really glad that you just did what you did okay. Because we're not going to just stop with this we're going to also teach you if you grab your course today before we log off the webinar you're going to get these special exclusive bonuses. First and foremost you're going to get our complete identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course this takes everything we just talked about in the secrets of.

Personality transformation uh system and takes it even further you'll be actually have the skills to actually help other people do all these things. So if you're a coach a therapist a trainer you'll be able to automatically remove negativity that they didn't even know they had. Target specialized negativity uh these are things that the body's more resistant to get rid of because they're serving a secondary function we'll teach you how to convince the nervous system to let to keep the lesson let everything else go and install better stuff we'll teach you once again how to install those driver. States and how to build them in to a person's natural way of moving through the world how to transform that internal dialogue with instant and.

Rapid inductions you learn what we call the gift which is our. First approach into what we call regression therapy it's a very powerful life-changing process that you'll be able to guide people through you learn how to install the trace qualities and characteristics of people that you truly admire into yourself and help other people through it as well okay. And much much more this is a 1497 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free. Just for participating in this webinar uh total combined value if you take the sequence of.

Personality transformation and the uh identity by. Design home study course it's 2994 in value if you bought each of these separately on the website. But we're not going to stop there a lot of you. I asked at the beginning of our webinar.

I talked to you about how many people lived in the. Law of. Attraction how many of you ever noticed that sometimes that law of attraction doesn't work the way they said it it's because there were certain laws they didn't teach you there are certain aspects of the mind that they didn't let you up that you know about like for example the fact that your dominant thoughts are not the ones that you're conscious of your dominant thoughts are those icky feelings in the back of your mind that are poisoning or tainting your manifestation skills in the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction we're going to teach you the seven the six dynamics of the unconscious response. So you can trust all of the information your unconscious mind gives you any time you ask it you you'll learn how to actually communicate with the different divisions of your nervous system. So that you can phrase things and and remove things that are keeping you from manifesting your life's desires now we're going to teach you how to become magnetic to money there's certain mindsets and certain behaviors and attitudes that people have that causes their neurology to focus in on money making opportunities we're going to teach you those five. Dynamics how they work and how you can install them into your neurology right.

Away using the identity by. Design style that's why we bundle this together a lot of the personal transformation work that drives hidden. Laws of. Attraction is identity work and.

So if you understand how to change yourself at the identity level. Then everything else gets easier okay. We're going to teach you how to influence people remotely how to find the hidden negativity the hidden blocks to your success and manifestation skills that you didn't know you had right. We're going to teach you how to um.

I mean hold on. I gotta read my own my own stuff here um oops not working on that landed um okay. We're going to teach you one of the most powerful manifestation tools on the planet it's called the image cycle you may or may not have heard of it and we'll actually drove guide you through some drills you'll actually take a a bottle of water two bottles of water actually in the drill you'll have one label of control the other label uh test and once you've learned the image cycling process what we do is you hold the bottle in your left hand and you'll do your image cycling for a few minutes and. Then when you've done it you'll compare your test bottle to your control bottle and you'll notice how they've changed these are all things that again are very experiential um and that in my world as far as.

I'm concerned the most powerful manifestation tool we've ever uh we've ever come across is the image cycling process it's super super powerful okay. We're going to teach you the way to give yourself affirmations that fire up your neurology to just explode into action now earlier. I was talking about how many of you have done affirmations and noticed that you wait until you're in a shitty mood you may also have noticed that it took. An awful lot of affirmations to get fired up what if you could get 10 times the motivation in one tenth of the amount of repetitions it took.

To really. I'll show you a very very specific way to tack into that level of motivation and affirmations will actually not only become fun they'll become super super powerful for you we'll teach you uh the five characteristics of lucky people they're sincers there are actually five characteristics that all. Lucky people share and if you can install and amplify those using the the magic frame and the proprioceptive grid and some of the things we talked about at the beginning of our webinar you'll be able to rapidly magnetize yourself for more success and good luck okay. Much much more you learn instant in wrapping up we don't want to listen to rapid induction.

So much. But you will learn the power of specific language patterns and how they work with your neurology total is a 1497 value we're going to give this to you free as an extra way to tap into the powers of your mind and manifest the life and the lifestyle that you want it's a 5491 value. But we're also going to include the real world hypnosis real world conversation hypnosis stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol level one now why is that if. I'm teaching if. I'm if. I'm sharing with you a a system of how to reprogram your subconscious mind and identity by.

Design and now um hidden. Laws of. Attraction why am. I teaching you about conversational hypnosis and the reason is this you have two kinds of skill sets or two types of actions that you take you have the internal actions your inner game what you do um hold on a.

Second what you do in your mind that makes you successful how you think about yourself what causes you to become motivated to realize you're worthy and deserving. But there's another side to that you have to have skills that allow you to express that inner work through a tool that tool is the most powerful persuasion system on the planet it's called seed stealth. CPI it's a it's the foundation of our killer influence training this allows you to instantly and rapidly control your state of the drop of a hat. So that nobody can ever knock you off your game ever again how to get such deep rapport with people that your heart beats literally synchronize and it creates a.

Bluetooth connection that allows you to send non-verbal information through that connection and primes people to want to do what you want them to do. Then we teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns the ones that control the structure of your thoughts remember earlier. I was talking about modal operators of possibility and necessity how saying. I need to versus.

I want to completely changed how you um how you relate it to. Something in. Your. Mind well there's also language patterns that relate to what causes one in your life what if you had think about this wrong imagine you're you're going to wizard.

School right. And after learning how to control your own mind body and emotions you were now taught spells magic spells that would allow you to do the following things a what if you had the magical ability to make anything you want seem or appear to cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners or your readers what could you do with a power like that where you could you could name something have it cause something else in their minds and they would just accept it as true right. What if you could make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your subject or your listener even if they have nothing in common nothing to do with each other what if you could actually control the meanings that people make in their minds and your own even if they have nothing that's that's just two that's two of the of the seven what if you have the ability to completely control what a person's subconscious mind does control their focus of attention and have them pay exclusively to the attention to the things you want to the exclusion of everything else what could you do with a power like that right. What if you could walk up to somebody and have them focusing and becoming aware of only the things they find most attractive about you and ignore everything else what if you if it were in a job interview and you could subliminally.

Prime somebody to focus on all the things in your resume and in your job history that was exactly what was the perfect fit for the job that's what pattern number three is going to do what if that pattern were. So powerful that it worked even if when they knew where you were doing it okay. That's what pattern three is for pattern four what if you could make the mental movies that people make inside their heads exactly what you want them to be without fear or possibility of mistranslation that's four of the seven patterns what what could you do with those abilities provided your head was right. Which is what the.

First part of the training was right. Think about it for a moment what would that do for you what would that do with your ability to live the life you want the way you wanted it what would that do for your ability to have the relationships that you've always wanted and to manage those relationships in a way that everybody was happy right. What if you had the ability to open up a person's heart find out exactly what was the most important thing to them and bond them to you by giving them and showing them exactly how to get everything they wanted by doing what you wanted that's what this course allows you to do remember there's two things there's two ingredients to success there's the identity the. First three courses we gave you are all about what you're doing in your mind the.

Next couple courses that we're going to show you about are all about how you express that power how you move through the world without with this with an array of tools and techniques to exert your will and influence on on that world right. Inner and outer. So this is why we're doing this okay. This particular course is powerful it's a 1950 value.

But we're going to give it to you free because you spent time and you did the drills and you got the skills total combined value everything we've talked about. So far is 7441 if you grab it before the end of the webinar or 11 59 pm tonight we're also going to give you one of the most powerful belief changing instruments known to manage now this is called. Renegade reframing it's how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes. I want you to stop for a moment.

I want you to think about something we all talked about how we have these beliefs we know about and beliefs we don't know about what if for every limiting belief that we discovered that we had we had at least 14 different ways to change it 14 different bullets for our our transformation gun that's what. Renegade reframing is going to do for you it's going to teach you how to break apart the structure of your beliefs and change them in a way that gives you more power freedom and choice in the outer world when you encounter people who are argumentative who have limiting beliefs themselves who are object if you're doing a sales process right. What if you had 14 different ways to neutralize that objection change that limiting belief or win that argument would that be useful that's what this is going to do for you okay. These.

Pro these these patterns are proven they're fun it even comes with a card game we call it the reframe game where you can sit around with your friends and just someone throws out a limiting belief you hit them with a reframe card somebody else has to use that pattern to defeat the limiting belief you'll you start applying this to yourself everything about you is going to change everything you thought you were or thought you were incapable of doing is going to change you're going to come up with reasons why you can you're going to cover reasons why things that used to hold you back now move you forward it's powerful powerful stuff you can take this in terms of personal transformation work you can do it in terms of your sales and marketing and therapy work with clients and coaching systems it's a 1 950 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to succeed we want you to have every possible tool to change your life and live it on your terms by your standards and your expectations okay. So this is what we got. So far right. Everything that we've talked about today is is available as part of the package until 11 59 pm tonight you're gonna get the 14 video uh seven stage identity by design process it's a 2 497 value we're going to throw in the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification home study course. So those for those of you who see clients do coaching uh. Team. Building leadership that kind of training you'll be able to do these processes on those people and get the biggest bang for your buck in terms of training and amplifying their their sales or whatever it is they're doing.

So 1 497 value we're also going to include the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation master class is a 1497 value and again this is going to teach you all the different ways to use the power of your mind to manifest the things you want to remove the blocks that keep you from keep you stuck and teach you some of the most powerful ways to tap into the powers of the universe to get everything you want and. Finally we're going to throw in the.

Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly it's a 1900. I'm sorry. I missed one the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol this is again the the gold standard in conversational persuasion okay.

If you want the ability to have people hanging on your every word salivating to buy your product or service to take you on a date to give you that new job to promote you this is the course that takes for your inner game and allows you to express it in the outer world and the way this absolutely irresistible you'll be don't believe me just go out and test it you will be freaking amazed at how quickly you can you can transform things and. Then. Finally the. Renegade reframing how to overcome living beliefs when arguments overcome objections in any situation or circumstance it is a super super powerful package and.

I really really encourage you to invest in yourself and grab this while it's still this low price okay. Total value of today's prices or today's package is nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars. But today again because it's. Christmas because there's a big price increase coming up in.

January. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible if you liked even a fraction of the things that you've learned today on the webinar you're absolutely. Gonna. Love what this program will do for you when you apply it.

I want to give you the best deal it will be possible. So you're not going to have to pay 9 391 you're not even going to have to pay 6 347 dollars we're not going to charge you 53.47 or even 33.47 you know what. I'm not even going to give you 23. I'm not even going to give it to you for 23.47. for those of you who are serious about changing your life who are ready to take your life to the.

Next level to get access to the full and complete system and training and working with me you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 9.97 if you need a little help. Stephanie can help you with that and break that into three easy installments of just 397 each all you gotta do to get yours if you haven't done it already is go to www.davasnidermlp.com that's www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash mind one more time with feeling that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d okay. But. I know now those of you who asked for the link early and we gave you that link you're gonna love this because for those of you well.

First of all everything's going to be having us it's going to come with a 60-day money-back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to risk if you grab this package today and you apply it and after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money getting more dates removing the blocks of your success. So your success are a thing of the past if you're not on the fast track to living the life you want pick up the phone let us know and we will refund your money you have absolutely no. Risk to this 100 satisfaction guaranteed if you have a question pick up the phone and let us help you if after 60 days you're still not getting the results that you want we'll refund your money and you can keep the course okay. Just go to www.davidsonlp.com okay.

Now again for those of you who are fast action takers oh man there was a check there was. Chad. I don't know what's going on here right. So for those of you who want the uh you know who are early adopters for those who know those who know you already want and deserve this if you grab your course before.

I log off the webinar tonight in other words everything that. I'm talked about up to this point is available until 11 59. PM obviously. I'm not going to be on um doing a webinar until 11 59.

PM. I get burned at the stake. But for those of you who are fast action takers those of you who are really sure that this is for you if you grab your course before. I do log off the webinar tonight you're going to get the following fast action bonuses these are things that we put together to make this program an even deeper experience for you yes.

Specific time. Then. First is going to be the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group and three-month trial membership with an unlimited access to our 11-year video archive. I'm going to jump.

I'm going to stop sharing my screen for just a moment to explain this to you. So the way this works the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program is a study group it's been running continuously since.

October of 2010 and the way it works is. I literally go in either live or virtual you should do hybrids and. I say. Seth what do you want to learn today.

Kelly what do you want to learn today. Dan what do you want to learn today. Muhammad what do you want to learn today and you tell me what you want to know about and. I write it on my screen and.

Then. I step back and. I look. At all the.

Connecting. Threads where do all these things that you want to learn about intersect and. I create a lesson plan right. On the spot for you as in the group and for the.

Next four to six hours we drill those specific techniques and applications until you can do them in your sleep the end of that you go out into the world and apply your skills you will not get a certificate from. The. Mastermind what you will get is the most important aspect of training that most people never get you get. Hands-On training you get real world feedback with with myself and other people just like you who want to take these skills into the world and actually make them work for you you come back.

Next month and. I'm going to ask you again what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn and it may be the same thing it may be something completely different. I'm going to write them all on my board. I'm going to look.

At the. Connecting. Threads. I'm going to create a lesson plan right.

On the spot. I'm going to drill you on those skills in real time until you can do them in your sleep right. You won't get a certificate. But you will get the most important thing which is the skill set okay.

And you'll make a lot of friends and. I'll get a lot of support. So you need a community if you really want to embody this training if you really want to take your life to the. Next level you need to surround yourself with like-minded people people who want the same things you want right.

It's a big big deal okay. You know the old saying show me who your friends are and. I'll show you who you are more true than not if you surround yourself with people who are actively making their lives better by applying these skills you'll get a diagnosis diagnosis um by osmosis been working for way too long. Finally pulled a trigger away to go.

Mike welcome aboard welcome to. Planet. David for reals right. Um.

So that's part of this. But remember. I said that the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program has been running continuously since. October of 2010. we have videotaped every single session as an extra bonus for as long as you're a member an active member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program you will get full unfettered access to the entire 11-year archive you can log stuff that's never been shown on.

YouTube never been released as a product members only content that 10 years worth thousands of hours of everything ranging from. Law of. Attraction trauma resolution overcoming learning beliefs accelerated learning dating and attraction skills marketing. NLP hypnosis regression energetics remote viewing remote influence psychic influence you name it if my students wanted to learn about it and it's in my wheelhouse.

I taught it it's in there right. You can binge watch that for as long as you're an active member in the nlpower master. Elementary program total combined value of everything that we just talked about hold on a. Second is 1597 now these prices are going to go up as of.

January 1st uh including the uh the regular membership to the. Mastermind. So if you if you if you uh join. The.

Mastermind and you love what you're doing after three months you want to stay let. Stephanie know we'll show you how to extend your membership if at the end of 90 days uh you say that was nice. But it wasn't for me well. Then you got three months of on an unlimited content and the ability to get actual real world feedback on the things that are important to you.

So the total value on this if you take everything we've talked about up to this point is ten thousand seventy eight dollars. But again these are fast action bonuses these are only available until. I personally end the webinar when. I end the webinar these bonuses go away and the other bonuses are available until 11 59 pm.

But you're also going to get our stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this was the original um fast acting uh conversation most of course everything in this course is designed for you to watch it tonight hypnotize people tomorrow uh if you wanted the fast track to be able to put these conversation hypnosis skills into practice right. Away it comes with manuals it comes with videos tons of bonus content uh there's a video in there on instant and. Rapid inductions two videos on hypnotic language patterns that are absolutely irresistible lie detection um there's a special set of five video set. I think it is on of me teaching these things live in a meetup group.

I believe there's also hypnotic hot buttons and anchors in action these are all other energy or uh hypnotic processes that you can use uh to supercharge your your ability to use hypnosis anytime anywhere. But the whole point of this particular uh program was to give you a fast start in other words you only got to watch a couple of videos and you can go out and start using this stuff instantly and hypnotizing people automatically using your words or just instant and. Rapid inductions you just binge watch those videos for an hour or two or two and you'll be able to go out and do it it's a 997 value it comes with transcripts workbooks manuals as well as. I think some of them have audio downloads as well.

So you can listen to them while driving although. I would recommend not listening to anything that's inherently hypnotic while driving that's a little problematic total value is 11 075 and. Then. Finally this is the the creme de.

La. Creme this is where we really know who the people who are serious about this are for those of you who grab one of these packages before. I log off the webinar tonight we are going to give you a very special. Christmas present this is a free.

VIP. Anything. Goes. Super ticket what this will do for you is it will give you free admission to any single three to five day training of your choice it could be face reading killer influence identity by.

Design you get to pick one of those you get to come for free okay. This is limited to the. First 19 people to register today okay. We have a killer influence training coming up in.

January of uh uh 24th through the 28th here in. Las. Vegas in. Las.

Vegas the traction. Mastery is coming up. February 8th through the 11th in. Las.

Vegas we have the classical face reading level one. Jing training. April 13th through the 15th in. Dallas and.

Then the identity by. Design training is in. March uh 21st through the 25th here in. San.

Diego you get to come to any one of those trainings just one for absolutely free if the training is full we'll make a scene for you if something happens at the. Last minute that you can't come all you got to do is pick up the phone let me or. Stephanie know we'll move you to another training if you want to gift that ticket to somebody else who you think might enjoy coming and seeing me live you can do that if your schedule frees up at the. Last minute.

But the training is sold out you pick up the phone you let us know we'll make a seat for you if we do a training in another country where the exchange rates like in. Great. Britain or the. UK or in.

Europe where the exchange rate is significantly higher or we raise our prices you still get in for free it doesn't matter what the price is doesn't matter when we're doing it as long as you have one of these. VIP tickets you can attend any one of our three to five day certification boot camps and face reading killer influencer identity by. Design anything over five days has certain restrictions on it. But there are ways around that it's a two thousand two hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free this thing does not expire if it takes you two years to get to an event that ticket's still good if you want to come.

Next month to killer influence you can do that too right. So two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So if you if you do the math my friends the total combined value of today's offer for you your opportunity if you when you decide to accept it is 13 325 dollars. So just review total package value is thirteen thousand three hundred twenty five dollars you're going to get the secrets of.

Personality transformation. Ultra mind control training home study course plus the manual it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value you're gonna get identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value absolutely free we're going to give you the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery home study course 1497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol the six stage identity persuasion process that lets you exert influence anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you for free you're gonna have to.

Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change uh home study course one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the. NRP power. Mastermind mentoring program and full access to the 11-year video archive one thousand 597 value we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation that knows it's. Crash.

Course 997 value we're going to give it to you free and of course the. VIP. Anything. Goes.

Super ticket to one training of your choice face tweeting killer influence identity by. Design or any other three to five day training provided you meet the prerequisites for it right. To 2 250 value yours today everything. I talked about plus the the unparalleled support by me instead and the amazing.

Stephanie skiba and. Brandon. Burr uh 9 997 investment or you can break that up into uh three easy installments of 397. if you do the math and the potential of what this can do for you it's a really easy. Choice all you got to do to get yours is go to www.damin snydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d to go right.

Now do this right. Now www.davidsonidermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d mind one more time with feeling www.davidsonlp.com forward slash mine. Stephanie and the crew are standing by to take your calls if you call and you know. Stephanie often gets inundated uh with people with questions there's not a problem with that.

But if you do get the voicemail make sure you leave your contact information if you leave your contact information. First and foremost. Stephanie will get back to you within 24 hours and you will qualify for the bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and you call back tomorrow you will not qualify for the bonuses okay. So by all means call if you have questions um call if you if you need help if you if you have uh if you have some of the products in this package we will let you swap out uh for a separate program of equal or lesser value.

So let's say you have uh stealth. CPI right. And you want something else well you could set we you know as long as the price point is the same you could get cpi2 you could get cpi4 you could get um vibrational influence and you could just swap those out as long as the price points are the same okay. So you can get a little bit of customization to your package all you got to do to grab yours is go to www.davidsonternlp.com forward slash mind www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d and uh we'll take care of you one low installment of just 997 three easy installments of 397 doesn't get any easier folks if you're ready this is what would now be a good time to go for it okay.

So while you're doing that. I'm going to give you guys a uh a five a seven minute break while we uh we take our bathroom break when we come back what we're going to do is we're going to pick up with the foundations that we laid at the beginning of our webinar we're going to talk we're going to go back to the proprioceptive grid we're going to go back to breath work we're going to go back to understanding how to make change beliefs and things of that nature we're going to customize this content. So you can go even further okay. Now everything.

I'm teaching you is coming from everything. I'm teaching you is coming from the systems that. I've outlined for you in this in part two. But if you and if you want and again the pieces by themselves are super powerful get the whole system now you're unstoppable okay.

So let's take it is uh 354 by my clock here we will come back at 601 or 602 rather and uh we will continue training. So go ahead click that link right. Now uh reserve your spot uh answer any questions or. Stephanie will answer any questions that you have and uh we'll see you in seven minutes and what.

I want to say let me sure we're muted here. So while we're waiting folks we got a few minutes. So if anybody has any questions that. I can answer you can go ahead and type those in the chat and uh let's see if we can answer them for you.

Dan says. I'm in purchased awesome. Carolyn my entire night of seminar was the okay. Uh.

Carolyn's saying that she was guard her stuff did anybody else have any kind of garbled audio this is the. First. I'd heard of it. I know some people lost sound once or twice.

But and. Darlene says. I'm in welcome. Darlene shout out to the people who are joining.

Planet. David. I can't wait to see you at my trainings. Dee says audio has been fine no.

Problem it must be an internet thing. Christopher says sound is good okay. Just went in and where are those trainings coming up okay. Uh great question we have uh.

January oh. I'm saying let me go back to um uh where is it you know what it might just be easier for me to go to the events page that why don't we just do that why don't. I just go to the events page and show you uh here. So www.davidsnydernlp or slash events.

So for those of you who on a. Second. I got. I have.

I have different windows open now. So. I have to screen all right. So um.

David. Senator. NLP live trainings all events. So here's what we got uh we've got kill influence coming up.

January 24th through the 28th here in. Los live in. Las. Vegas you've got uh attraction mastery uh.

February 8th through the 11th uh real world hypnosis and hypnotherapy identity by designs here in. Solana. Beach. San.

Diego. March 21st through the 25th and. Then face meeting for. Fun and.

Profit uh classical face reading uh. April 13th through the 15th in. Dallas. Texas.

So for those of you who want to follow up on those events you can go to www.davidsonernalp.com forward slash events and uh we'll we'll get you all squared away. So. I gotta get my windows back in. Action here hold on a.

Second um hold on a. Second window okay. Good all right. Christine says my sound is good let me make sure any other comments in the participants.

Windows here. So. Mike says he's looking at. Dallas event in.

April that's going to be a good one because that's going to be my we're actually launching our classical face reading. So for those of you interested in energetics spirituality uh. Laws of. Attraction things of that nature that's a great training to jump into as well as personality and temperamentry um anybody have any other questions before we go back to training that would now be a good time to ask.

Jeff says what do you look. For when you're reading the year well. I think a better question. Jeff is what part of the face do.

I look. For when. I'm looking for certain types of information right. As a rule.

I am currently manifesting my dream home when we can talk about motivation for sure specifically trauma trauma you're always looking at indentations depressions um thinning of the tissues as opposed to where it's very thick very. Lush very abundant those where you see slashes indentations and depressions are usually the signs of some kind of trauma or significant emotional event in the person's life. So cover that in depth at the uh at the. Dallas training all right.

Let's get back to some training shall we uh let me go and stop sharing this stop sharing this we'll go back to default view all right. So now now we're back to part three part three is all about what do you want what do you want to be able to do. So uh some of you are asking about trauma resolution some of you are asking about um uh motivation things of that nature type in type what you'd like to for. I'll give you some choices.

So what are some things that we can play with that you might um you guys want to learn about you guys want to learn about tell me. I will this now it's your webinar you tell me what you want to learn. I want to say let me turn my camera you tell me what you want to learn and we'll make it happen we got release constant muscle pain okay. So physical pain physical healing game motivation creativity in the void okay.

So. Faith let me ask you a question just. So. I understand you better um when you say creativity in the void what does that mean uh.

Stephen is asking. Dr. David can your spinning method help with chronic back pain and inflammation it can um whenever people ask me can can my technique do this or can my technique do that. I usually.

I answer that if there's a high possibility that it could yes. It really depends on um what other factors are involved. Chris. Harding what is the water bottle process part of it intersect that is that's a test that's a way for you to test the power of what you're doing.

So you know you actually are having a physical effect on matter right. Changes you it changes um it dramatically changes your understanding of a lot of these things because it makes it very experiential okay. Okay. All right.

So. I think what we want to do. First is let's let's do this in two stages let's start looking at how do we get rid of blocks that block could be a negative emotion it could be something that holds us back. But also how do we deal with pain physical or emotional pain does that sound like a a useful process.

Philip parenting parental abandonment issues you can use this technique for that you may need some other stuff though. Alma playness is. Magic. Frame to get rid of unwanted trunks okay.

Let's start with what we let's start with what we know okay. So. I'm gonna go ahead and close my chat. So.

I can kind of focus on this here. So you'll remember a. Second um let me pull this up on my screen. So you'll remember we talked at the beginning of the training about this grid right.

This grid is a map for how your nervous system processes your subjective and an objective emotional experiences. So when people talk about the aura this is usually you know what they they visualize okay. While it's very pretty and it's it's relatively accurate in terms of the the shape of the field it doesn't really give it's not really useful for us. But if we could take this electromagnetic phenomena and understand that it's projection of your nervous system we do we and oppose a four-dimensional before well four-dimensional structure imagine this is a cube right.

So everything starts with a. Feeling. So here's here's the. First rule ladies and gentlemen if you can point to where you feel it you can change it you with me.

So far you can point to where you feel it you can change it all right. So everything that we're going to play with right. Now to start with is going to be built around this concept of what we call the proprioceptive grid. So.

I'm going to jump now. I want you to have this concept and anything in front of you is a file that's open active and running after they traveled past the borderline of the body your neurology starts to recode it into something that is over act over done or complete all right. We won't get into all again in in the in the programs in the identity by. Design program the safer personality transformation you're going to get a deep dive into this proprioceptive grid concept we don't need to go into.

Super detail for you to make powerful changes right. Away the bottom line is if you can point to where you feel it you can change it. But before we start playing with this now. I need to give you some other information this is going to allow you to more rapidly communicate with the other divisions of your nervous system let me explain that really quickly one of the reasons that these processes work.

So powerfully is because it it allows different divisions of your nervous system to communicate with each other you see your neocortex which is the newest layer of your brain that communicates in words and rationales. But your autonomic nervous system doesn't it communicates using a completely different alphabet or language and. So by doing the processes that we're going to be doing we create complete communication between the spiritual energetic and physiological levels all the divisions of the nervous system begin to communicate in a way that everything understands each other does that make sense. So far even if it doesn't you don't have to understand that for this to work for you.

So we're going to start with the basic idea of this if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. If you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. Now one of the other things. I want to caution you about is there's a tendency when people go on these webinars with me and we start doing these these drills together they want to challenge they want to tackle the biggest nastiest most heinous godzilla-sized problem in their life and if you were if you're in the room with me and we were working together.

I would have absolutely no. Problem with that. I'll let you track. I'll let you kill all the.

Godzillas that you want. But for the sake of training and understanding how to work on yourself there's a few other things that you have to do differently does that make sense you guys with me. So far on that idea. I know a lot of you want to kill.

Godzilla right. Totally get it right. But we need you to be able to do this in a way that's safe for you and in a way that gives you a way to train your neurology right. Are you guys with me.

So far okay. Christopher says yes. Michelle says yes. Okay.

Is there anybody joining us who joined us on the webinar after we did the frame game when we made the picture bigger smaller moved it behind us did anybody join us after that they didn't get to do that okay. Let's review that once again let's take something uh. Darlene says she missed it okay. That's fine let's just review this really quick.

I want you to think of something that makes you feel really happy something that makes you feel really good close your eyes. Point to where you feel that in your body. First impression now imagine for a moment that there was a picture floating in the space around you that represented that amazing feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch just. Reach.

Out. And. Touch that picture. First impression now trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is grab the picture expand the picture notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger it doesn't get weaker doesn't matter which one it does just know which one it does now bring it back to its original size pull it closer to your body does the feeling get stronger weaker now if when you pull it closer to your body be very aware that if the picture is this big out here it needs to be that big here what happens a lot of times when people do this is as they pull it closer to their body this happens they their body actually changes the size of it. So that the the uh the intensity of it doesn't subjectively change. So when you're out here and you're grabbing that picture make sure it's the same size as you pull it closer to your body and notice how that makes you feel now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice how that makes you feel once you got that unwrap it lift it over your head turn it into a frisbee throw it all the way behind you until the picture disappears behind. The.

Horizon once you know it's gone scan your body notice what happened to the feelings when you're ready pull that pull that picture back now move it around make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out of your body notice how every time you move that picture around you change the qualities the character the size the shape location the intensity of those feelings change too. I want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that spot fix it into place let the energy flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerd and every cell and every atom in the very. DNA of those cells okay. There's no.

Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place you know it's done test it try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead right. Now that we call that process the frame game now here's what. I need to understand about that simple process in that one process you've learned every almost everything you need to know to change just about everything you want to change okay. If you can point to where you feel it you can change it now if you take this.

Frame game and you start with very pleasurable. States very joyful. States you practice manipulating the imagery and noticing the intensity of the feelings in your body what will happen over time to is your nervous system will become more plastic what does that actually mean it means your nervous system will learn things faster your nervous system will be able to change faster. So if you just think of this as a simple little game that we played on a webinar you're missing the true power of it if you do this multiple times a day only takes five or six minutes and you just have fun with it at the end of three six months you're going to have a nervous system that is.

So flexible and. So capable of making change it'll. Astound you and it's still not even the attempt of what you're capable of the problem is is we are the ability to manipulate our neuroplasticity the ability to change our subjective experience nobody taught us how to do it in a very linear way and they never gave us drills to practice to enhance that. So this drill while teaching you all about how you create your own subjective experience now what do.

I mean when. I say subjective experience thoughts beliefs memories. Daydreams fantasies phobias most forms of pain our subjective experiences because their subjective experiences the same system controls them and if you understand the. Dynamics of that system you can change it it starts by pointing to where you feel it do you guys are you guys with me.

So far just if you are a type yes. In the chat. I just need to know that you're with me. I don't want to get overly complicated okay.

Because at the end of the day if you can't do it you might as well not have learned it now that drill will teach you everything you need to know about how to change stuff. So here's what we're going to do. Next. I want to teach you how to ask yourself questions and get responses from your unconscious mind all right.

And here's why this is important when people create when people try to do affirmations or they try to create a subconscious change in themselves they try to do it through words words are a very of all the different ways to change what's going on in the nervous system words are actually one of the more complicated ones because one wrong word can send your neurology off in a direction you didn't want it to go okay. So what we're going to talk about is and the other thing is is that when we when we start to analyze the information that we get from our subconscious mind we tend to project how our conscious mind answers us and assume that that's the way our subconscious mind answers us the. First thing. I want not the.

First thing obviously one of the biggest things. I want you really to get is that your subconscious mind communicates to you differently. Then your conscious mind your conscious mind communicates in words and rationalizations and cause and effect in linear strings of information. First there was one and there was two.

Then there was three your subconscious mind the part of you that controls your memories your emotions your beliefs your. Daydreams all of your beliefs living and and positive beliefs does not function linearly it gives you the illusion of linearity. So when we start to internally question our nervous system about stuff. First of all your autonomic nervous system loves you and it wants to help.

But if you keep trying to interpret what is communicating through the lens of the conscious mind you will get wrong information and you will spin down rabbit holes that lead you nowhere this is why talk therapy like psychoanalysis and things of that nature take years to affect change because they're doing it through dialogue okay. What am. I saying my favorite sayings is irrational problems often require irrational. Solutions the neocortex the newest layer of your brain the one that thinks in rationalizations and words is the youngest part of you.

Therefore it has the least amount of power. But it's the one that screams a loudest. So it's the one we tend to pay the most attention to. So what we're going to teach you right.

Now is something. I teach all of my hypnosis students all of my. NLP students all of my face reading students all of my vibrational influence students and that is the six dynamics of an unconscious response because if you understand these six characteristics you can ask your nervous system just about anything and have a high degree of confidence in the level of information are the truth of the information that you're getting does that make sense we need to be able to trust our subconscious mind. So are you guys with me.

So far okay. Good all right. So um let's go through the six. Dynamics we'll review the offer that we've got on the table we'll come back we'll start playing with these six.

Dynamics and start working with removing phobias and pain and stuff like that okay. Um share screen share screen and away we go uh six. Dynamics here we go make sure. I want you to write these down these are the some of the most important things you're going to learn if you're someone who really wants to take control of their life who really wants to be the best version of themselves you need to memorize each and every one of these bullet points okay.

This is your roadmap to the unconscious mind to being able to talk to your your neurology and get the information that you can use and that you can trust here they are in order your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally okay. Remember that your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbal it always answers honestly remember that rule number two always answers when you ask the unconscious mind the subconscious mind a question it will the the.

First thing that comes up will be the most accurate thing that comes up it'll be the most honest okay. If that were all there was to it man change work would be. So easy it would be unbelievable. But it's not why because you have this newer layer of your brain called the neocortex that wants to change everything that's where number three comes in everything that the unconscious mind gives you will be.

First it'll be honest and it will always feel like you're making it up important distinction the part of you that controls everything is also the part that makes things up because it comes from the part of you that makes things up it will feel like you've made it up. But it's not made up it's recorded and installed. So unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up.

Rule. Number. Four you always have an urge to edit what just came up. So if.

I go to my unconscious mind and. I say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source to be getting the root cause of this back pain. I've had since.

I was in my 20s. I think. I'm going back to the the moment in time where. I lifted a box wrong and my back went out all of a sudden.

I'm five years old playing in a tree and. I fall down and hurt my back. I get up and dust. It.

Off and my brain goes that can't be right. I didn't have back pain until. I was in my 20s well remember your unconscious mind your subconscious mind is not a linear entity you don't exist in real time. Neuroscience has proven this over and over and over again if you want to check into it get a book.

Called um how emotions are made by. Dr. Lisa. Feldman.

Barrett the theory of constructed emotions your neurology is always predicting what's going to happen. Next before you actually get there it generates a map of the future based on your past experiences. So remember the unconscious mind does not organize things linear that's the purview of your conscious mind okay. So your unconscious mind always answers.

First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up the way you figure this out right. Away if something comes up and the. First thing that your brain says is though that can't be right. Or that's not it or that doesn't make sense it is because that that part of you that's saying that's not right.

That can't be right. That doesn't make sense that's your conscious mind that's your neocortex trying to exert control over the narrative that's what it does. But that has nothing to do with the reality of what's going on in your neurology okay. It's never loud when the.

UNC how many of you guys noticed when those icky feelings came up you could you sensed them. But they weren't nearly as obvious as the good feelings you were trying to create they were almost in the background like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind how many of you noticed that type it in the chat if you notice that okay. The reason they feel like they're weak like they're like off in the distance like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind is not because they're weak it's because the those files those recordings are deep they're deep in the subconscious and. So they seem like they're far away.

But they're actually the most powerful pervasive ongoing mental movies that you have. So let's review unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear what does that mean go back to my example of the back pain okay. I'm gonna go.

I talk to my neurologist. I go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problem.

I think. I'm going to go back to when. I was in my 20s lifting a box all of a sudden. I'm five years old falling out of a tree right.

Not linear most people who come to a hypnotherapist or an early linguistic program who think they know where the problem started relying to themselves and to the therapist we call that the presenting problem that's just the most recent obvious occurrence when you unpack a person's psycho-emotional history regarding a uh a trump physical or mental it's always going to be earlier almost always going to be earlier with very very few exceptions okay. Mostly between the ages of zero and five. So once again unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up never loud never linear if you can remember those six things and apply them when you dialogue with your own neurology you will be able to trust the information that you're getting does that make sense okay.

Well the nice thing about the subconscious chatter is that the techniques we do are very fast. So you don't have to worry about it okay. So you guys ready to play a little bit yes. Or yes.

Let me stop sharing okay. So here's what we're going to do. I want you actually before. I do that let me um let me do this really quick remind you guys for those of you who want to uh take advantage of the training uh okay.

Just real quick wait a minute what just happened there it is okay. So for those of you who are kind of on the fence this is what we've got this is our offer for today it's uh secrets of. Personality transformation. Ultra line control training home study course.

Emanuel it's a 2497 value it comes with the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program which is where the technique we're going to do uh is taught it's at that 1497 value for free we're going to give you a hidden loss of. Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery fermentation.

Mastery home study course it's a 1497 value we're gonna give that to you free uh we're gonna give you the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring uh program and 11-year video archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you free uh you're gonna get the stealth insta conversation with. Moses crash course valued at 997 dollars fast tracked you can watch a couple videos and be hypnotizing people instantly it's free uh to 997 value and of course the. VIP. Anything.

Goes. Super ticket to any single live event of your choice uh three to five days it could be face reading killer influence could be attraction. Mastery uh could be identity by. Design live training it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value total is only uh 9.97 for the entire 13 325 package and if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. okay.

So all you gotta do you get yours is go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash m-i-n-d. I'm sorry not killerinforce.com www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d that's. David. Snyder nlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d one more time with feeling www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind okay.

Um. Stephanie and the crew are waiting to serve you click those links right. Now. So you can reserve your response um these fast action bonuses the.

VIP ticket the instant conversational nurses crash course the. MLB power. Master. Knight mention group are only available on the live webinar.

So if when. I log off the webinar those three super bonuses go away you can still get the the main package if you grab yours before 11 59 pm tonight. December 14th 2022. that being said let's get back to training and uh we'll go from there all right. So.

First thing we're going to do is we're going to focus on the frame game. So. I want you guys to pick something on a scale of zero to ten on a scale of one to ten of something you want to change now here's what. I know a lot of you are not going to do what.

I'm about to tell you. But. I wish you would. So here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to think of something that bothers you on a scale of one on a scale of one to ten comes in at about a one to three anywhere between a one and a three is usually pretty manageable through a webinar okay. Now. I know some of you are not going to do that you're going to pick the biggest nastiest most uh life ruining thing and.

So and it'll probably work. I'll just tell you that right. Now it'll probably work. Anyway um.

But there's a reason. I want you to start with you know identify the big things and. Then the mediocre things and. Then the small things because one of the problems that we have when we start to do change work a lot of us want to do ourselves.

But your nervous system plays tricks on you you see it automatically gives the most painful things the things you're doing that really screw you up the best the greatest degree of strength and priority and it's kind of like playing a video game anybody ever play a video game or how about how do you remember. Dungeons and. Dragons remember. Dungeons and.

Dragons all right. All right. So any gamers in here like uh online game. DVD okay.

Great dungeon. Last year. Geeks like me okay. So you know that when you.

First start out you have this thing called experience points right. You have levels to your characters right. In the video games that you play online you have level one characters level two characters level three characters right. What most people are doing now if you've ever played if what happens when a level one character encounters a level 10 monster or level 20 monster what happens to that level one character dead right.

Okay. Here's the problem that most people have when people are trying to work on themselves if they don't know how to fix it they go out and they read a book. Or they watch a video and. Then they try to take this level one technique and attack the level 20 monster well guess what the same thing that happens to the level one character against the level 20 monster in the game is the same thing that happens that is.

So me yes. I know we're all this way okay. So if we want to develop a system that allows us to change things we have to train differently do you understand we need a level one character or level one technique to neutralize a level one problem now in those games those video games are in the table games you have this thing called what experience points right. Every time you successfully defeat a monster you get better you get you level up true not true that's exactly how we train to fix ourselves we take everything that bothers us from most heinous to least heinous we organize it.

So that the things that are the least troubling are the very. First things we can't we handle we take our new technique and we kill it and we take another uh level one monster and we kill it we take another level one monster and we kill him all of a sudden we go to level two why experience points now we hit those level two problems it's better than average right. Boom we kill a level two monster we kill another level two monster we kill another level two. Monster boom obviously we go to level three same idea with this and the reason that is is because every time your neurology is about to do something it looks at its past to see what it did in the past and what worked and what didn't your neurology is lazy it sorts for what's familiar if you have 20 years of history of failing to.

Pro to fix a problem versus a new way to do it or something you've never tried before it will tend to go back to the devil it knows versus the devil it doesn't. So how do you flip that script you attack level one problems with level one techniques until they become level two techniques. Then you attack level two problems with level two techniques and there and what happens is after about three to five levels if you think of it that way after about three to five levels the neurologist says oh. I can do this and all of a sudden it just starts automatically doing it just starts nuking because oh.

I know how to do this it's no. Different than the other thing right. So there's a process and you'll learn it in the identity by. Design course and the personality transformation course it's called bucket listing and it's the exact process you use to get all your crap on a list and organize it from least uh least powerful to most powerful and.

Then you take your techniques and you just nuke it we're going to do a little microcosm of that together now. I want you to think of the things that you want to fix find something that has an experience level or a power level of like one to three on a scale of zero to ten it comes in at a one two or three what's it called bucket listing is that your question normally bucket listing all right. Yeah bucket listing is the way that we organize the stuff we want to fix from from lowest level to highest level and. Then we take specific techniques and we just nuke them boom boom boom boom boom boom until that we become.

So good at that technique nothing can stand against it okay. That's not the way most of us are taught to go solving our problems because our neurology is weighted towards negativity again we'll talk about that in the influence training okay. You guys with me. So far okay.

Very good. So pick pick something on a shittiness scale and it could be a physical or emotional. I don't care on a scale of zero to on one on a scale of one to ten it comes in at about a one two or three when you have something type yes. In the chat okay.

Perfect now. I want you to close your eyes. And again if you're driving don't do this point to where in your body you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I'd like you to notice something that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to that feeling what color colors would that be for you.

First impression. Eduardo pretending is perfectly right. That's exactly what you do right. Now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling and that color a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it take your other hand.

Reach. Out. And. Touch that picture now trace the outline of it with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is grab a hold of it make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body bring it back to its original size keep the size the same pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling in your body now put it back now what. I want you to do is. I want you to use your imagination and pretend there's this big thick black frame all the way around that picture right. The bigger and thicker and.

Blacker the better now most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens or remote controls. But. I want you to feel on the base of that blackened frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television to remote control find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely and notice how that makes you feel now.

I don't want you typing anything in the chat just turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how it makes you feel when you've got that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely and notice how that makes you feel and. Then make a decision about which one you like better you want it all the way white it out or all the way blacked out whichever one you choose is perfectly fine once you've done that. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and on that white it out or blacked out screen there were some lessons that this experience positive or negative had to teach you using the index finger of your dominant hand in glowing golden letters.

I want you to write those lessons on that white it out or blacked out screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people the minute they ask that question they know exactly what those lessons were and they just blast them on the screen not a problem some people have no. Conscious idea what they learn. But your unconscious mind is a part of you that always knows.

So just let that finger start to write and sway when it's only kind of like automatic writing okay. The screen will scroll like a tablet scroll. So you have an infinite writing space some people will just draw squiggles some people might draw pictures some people get a little pissed off and write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously they're writing. Chinese and.

Hebrew at the same time. However your neurology wants to do it is perfectly okay. Just keep writing until everything that needs retention retaining is on that screen and everything else has been let go keep the lessons and let everything else go you may notice feelings and emotions come up as you continue to write that's okay. Put them on the screen too as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolve and resolve from the mind for all the right.

Reasons just keep writing when you know it's completely done reach up shrink that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you're all powerful other than conscious mind begins the process of moving that frame that tiny postage dice sand frame all the way back behind you back. Beyond the. Horizon until it disappears completely when you know it's done you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun back there [Music] do you know when you realize it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring the old feeling back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead when you're done testing type into the chat what you discovered what happened foreign weeping in relief how about that. Edith yawning yawning is a good sign.

Johnny means you're processing relief. Nikita says beautiful to be revealed. I did it wrong oops we'll go back and do it again. John.

Eduardo says rotary eyes. Very common very common right. Ladies and gentlemen room looks more. Vivid at what this is very good this is called.

The. Magic. Frame. Diamond says it's significantly.

Less almost gone notice as it continues to fade away when if you realize it's completely faded away. Diamond try to bring it back and notice what happens instead waves says image and feeling are gone boom good thing right. G stagnation removed. Bang well done my friends what you've done is successfully integrated all the different divisions of your nervous system your subconscious mind your conscious mind you tapped into the filing system that your neurology uses to create all of your experiences and change and tell golden what to do instead.

G stagnation. I love that well taking control of the body okay. I don't retype that. Christopher okay.

Cardiac if it's gone it comes back with less intensity chances are there's more than one um more than one thing involved there. So magic trimming again and notice what happens all right. So how many of you did this on physical pain type it in the chat how many of you did this uh and. Then just type in physical if you did it on physical if you used emotional pain just type in.

Emotion it doesn't matter. I just want to know what kind of cross-section we have here emotional perfect you know perfect anybody do anything about a belief anybody work on any beliefs. Joy said okay. Enjoyed it what happened when you put that belief when you changed that belief behind weird.

Sensations that's that's actually not uncommon either that's your body process just let it happen emotional tried to put sadness there okay. Can you elaborate on that. John. Captain emo was this helpful did procrastination.

I didn't want to feel sad. So. I tried to put it back okay. Okay.

Here's the thing um let me show you something really quick um. No. Maybe not maybe not we'll do it we'll do it. Next time did believe.

Jack says she did believe it felt better okay. What do you guys want to um. So real quick uh we're coming we're getting close to our our time limit. But.

I just wanted to remind you um. Last call kind of for those uh the special package definitely. So once again for those of you who are you know enjoying the process remember that this is just what. I'm sharing with you are just small pieces of the entire system okay.

Total package today um there's secrets of. Personality transformation the ultra mind control training manual and home study course the 2497 value the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course right. At one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars we're going to give that to you free the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control. Mastery home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth. CPI.

Universal persuasion protocol that at one thousand nine hundred fifty dollars related vaccine for free uh the. Renegade reframing and overcoming objections conversational belief change home study course one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you free we're gonna get the nlpower. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial and video archive one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna give that to you free you're gonna get the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course valued at uh 997 we're gonna do that's free for free and the. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super tick you get three to five days locked in a room with me until you can embody this stuff and do it in your sleep your choice of wanting to come to any of our one of our three to five day boot camps it's two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value when the prices go up in. January you'll still get in for free it's a two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're gonna give it to you free you can get all this and more for one low investment today of just 9.97 if you need a little extra help.

Stephanie can set you up on a payment plan for three easy installments of just 397. all you gotta do is click that link down at the right. The bottom part of your screen there www.davensnidermlp.com www.davidsonlp.com forward slash m-i-n-d click the link click the link click the link um. I'm gonna talk for another uh 10 minutes or. So uh and.

Then it's going to be. Last call. So if you're really serious about leveling up. I really need you to click that link right.

Now because um it may never be this this accessible for you again okay. Uh that being said uh go ahead click that link and let's go back to uh some more cool stuff what other questions do you oh affirmations that's right. We're going to talk about affirmations okay. I have just enough time to cover this all right.

So here's what. I want you to do um. I gotta. I gotta share my screen for this again.

I need a new. I did. I need a different um page. So we're going to teach you the information method.

I want you all to think of something that you would normally do an affirmation for and type it in the chat. So. John. John says.

I feel affirmations don't work because your mind doesn't process it properly you are. So close to right. It's ridiculous. John what if.

I could show you a way to do an affirmation that was in alignment with the way your nervous system creates your beliefs. Anyway would that be useful okay. So. First thing.

I need you to do. I want you to type in the chat one of your favorite affirmations whatever. I do is good enough okay. William that's a good one whatever.

I do is prosperity okay. Uh. I'm. Edith.

I need a better. I. I don't need a subject. I need an affirmation something you would want to use as an affirmation better and better every day and everyone okay.

It's what you think it's looking. I'm a successful here excellent okay. So um let's use. John's example.

So. John says. I am good looking right. I am good look.

Let me let me go back to sharing my screen hold on this is a lot to manage when. I'm doing multiple screens. But you know what it's worth it because when you guys when you guys start applying what. I'm about to show you is going to blow your mind okay.

Um foreign let's end with a bang shall we okay. So. First and foremost let me let me open up a new page powerful power affirmations all right. So.

John's. John's uh affirmation was. I looked good is that let me go back to reading what. John had here.

I want to use his name because he actually came up with a really good. David you can do it affirmations okay. Every day. I'm at um.

I am good looking okay. Let's start with that one all right. So oops hold on a. Second uh where'd my screen go okay.

So. I am good looking all right. If you guys want grab a piece of paper and as. I do some of these you can do them with me.

So if we were to just to say say this out loud to yourself. I am good looking just say it. I am good looking. I know.

I am thank you no. I am good looking notice the feelings in your body okay. Now here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to write on your sheet of paper. I am good looking. I want you to put one word after it because. I want you to speak it out loud.

I am good looking because and pay attention to the. First thing your unconscious mind says when it finishes that sentence. I am good looking because. I know how to dress.

I am good looking because. I walk with confidence. I am good looking because blah blah whatever your neurology gives you write it after the because when you've done that type done in the chat go ahead type it in the chat don't be bashful foreign okay. Good now stand up and read the entire affirmation out loud.

I am good looking because whatever came up speak it five times and tell me and. Then type in the chat what happened. So. Christopher says.

I'm. I'm good looking because. I have blue eyes. Perfect.

Mark. Cunningham style. Darlene what. I glow.

I am beautiful. I'm good looking because. I glow say it out loud notice what happens because others tell me. So what happens in your body when you say those things in that structure out loud what happens in your body.

I feel better how many how many repetitions did it take before you started feeling better. I feel confident one to two think about in the past you've just said. I am good looking. I am good looking.

I am good looking say that five times just normal without the other part and notice the difference in how they feel. I am blessed five is that more powerful than the way you used to do affirmations foreign here's why what you did in this structure was you actually created an affirmation using one of your magic language patterns that you learned in stealth. CPI it's called the cause and effect language pattern the cause and effect language pattern is the structure of a belief we combine the cause and effect language pattern with something called a stems process remember the neurology accepts what the neurology creates. So let's take this same structure let me go back and look.

At some some other people's and we'll get this idea um someone type in another another affirmation. So we could do another example. I am a champion okay. Great.

I am a champion. So the. First thing you want to do is just say that five times the way you would normally do affirmations and. Then do it this way.

I am a champion because dot dot fill in the blank write it down speak it out loud for joy. Joy says the universe brings me abundance right. That's a classic old school affirmation. But what if.

I take this and now instead of that. I. I put it in the same structure because do. I say that out loud five times fill in the blank each time and notice how it makes you feel.

Michelle says this is amazing. I am becoming. G says. I am becoming braver because answer it.

I am a champion because. I'm. Relentless when you say that out loud. Mike what happens.

William says because. I deserve it boom remember what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts and it's your truth there you go. I am a champion because. I'm persistent and don't give up because.

I live in a friendly universe exactly those are the affirmations your neurology will accept and act upon how quickly did you get a charge from it how quickly did your emotions just amp up now there's about three or four more levels of disability teach in. Hidden. Laws of. Attraction.

But this is enough to get you pumped isn't it what if you did this what if you did the ad the same number of repetitions you used to do using this structure what do you think your neurology would do. I'm going to do a. DRT on you right. Now.

I am buying. David's package today because answer the question you type it in all right. Is this good is this useful you're very welcome my friends remember my job is to help you make your lives better the more we work together the more. I can do that no.

Child says amazeballs again this is a piece from the hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course that's in your package. So again there's all different all these things fit together in a system right.

You can see each piece by itself is kind of on the nuclear side right. This is what happens when you put the whole system together right. That being said it is that time. So before we go uh let me just uh change my screen a little bit here and we'll find this uh on share thank you guys by the way thank you guys.

So much for your patience with me kind of changing back and forth between these windows um it's been a bit challenging you know because we're trying to we're trying to expand our reach and to do that we had to change platforms a little bit. But things seem to be working out pretty smoothly here. So once again we're at the time where. I have to.

I have to bid you and do. But. I do want to see you guys again. I want you guys to be in class.

I want to work with you personally hand in hand. I want you guys to have the best of everything. I want you to have the best training from home. I want you have the best training live and in person.

I want you to put those things together and make your life everything you ever wanted it to be and. Then start making it even better right. To do that grab your package today and let's get this thing going secrets of. Personality transformation.

Ultra mind control training home study course plus the manual it's a 2497 value we're going to include some super free bonuses the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course that 1497 we're going to give that to you free hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation.

Mastery home study course 1497 value um the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value if we're gonna give that to you free you're gonna get the. Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change home study course one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're going to give that to you free you can get the.

NLP power of three-month trial membership and the 11-year video archive access 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and. Finally uh established a conversation hypnosis crash course um gets you fast start download it tonight start hypnotizing people instantly um it's a 997 value we're gonna give that to you free and. Finally uh the. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super ticket it gets your butt into a live training with me where. I can make sure that you own these skills at the deepest level right.

This is super ticket it does not expire you get to pick what course you want to come to any three to five day training you just let us know when you want to come we will find you a seat it does not expire and it gets you a free pass even if we're sold out okay. So two thousand two hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you absolutely free if you tried to buy all of these things individually on the on the website it'd be 13 325 minimum you're gonna get it all for just one low installment of 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97. uh all you got to do is go to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash mind www.davidsnidermlp.com forward slash mind one more time www.davidsonop.com forward slash mind all. I want you to do now is click that link grab your course reserve your. VIP ticket remember we've only got 19 of those left.

Anyway and the way people have been grabbing them we might even be out. Anyway click the link get your course let us know if you have duplicates if you want us to substitute out anything and let us know which training you want to come to. So we can reserve your seat in the words of the immortal. Carol.

Burnett. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh we're singing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say it's on good night my friends good night. God bless we'll see ya.

Next time take care.
