Title: eInSYGO1Sy8.txt
Video Id: eInSYGO1Sy8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eInSYGO1Sy8

For [Music] can they hear me on. YouTube hey there folks this is. Dr. David check in little late in our pregame warm-up.

But. I just want to let you know we'll be starting at about 4M. Pacific with our secrets of personal transformation self- transformation supercharger mini crash course um once again if you're new to. Planet.

David um make sure you have stuff to write on right. With how come of a good attitude ready to do the drills and get the skills um this is going to be a little bit of a different uh kind of a class than you might be used to uh. So make sure that you have things to write on and write with caffeinated beverages things that enhance neuroplasticity uh because we're going to start talking today about beliefs and belief systems and how you can begin to reprogram your own subconscious mind and start to change your limiting beliefs as well as things that sabotage you and things of that nature. So a special call out to all you guys out on.

YouTube who got here early all of our. Zoom uh family who have been waiting patiently uh in the wings and if you have questions or anything like that feel free to post them in the chat if they're relevant to where we're out in the webinar. I will happily answer them if they're not relevant. I will defer the question to my veterans uh who are joining us tonight or uh.

I will ask you once again to repost your questions in the comment section when the replay of this video goes live um this is a uh it's going to be a little bit of a deep dive for some of you. So you know by all means come in with a. Goodwill. I'm going to show you some really cool things that you can take out into the role right.

Away and. I'm going to show you where to go to level your skills up and uh yeah that's all we've got for right. Now. I'm going to keep it real simple real brief uh just to let you know that.

I'm here. I'm ready. I'm waiting and uh the more you participate in tonight's webinar the more transformation. Revelations and understandings of yourself and the world that you live in as well as how to program and change your own mind and body you're going to come away with.

So that being said this is. Dr. David. I will see you uh in less than 15 minutes or actually less than 16 minutes.

I should say and. I'll probably repeat some of this just because it needs repeating um. But other than that uh if you know people who could benefit from the content of tonight's webinar please don't hesitate to like and share the links both to our. Zoom crew as well as to our.

YouTube channel and uh again it's all about doing the drills and getting the skills we're going to have some fun tonight we're gonna learn some cool stuff and. I'm going to show you how to change your life in ways you never thought you could change them all right. This is. Dr.

David signing off. I'll see you in 15 minutes or. So give or take hey folks. Dr.

David checking in we're going to start in about 35 seconds or. So give or take. So now is your. Last chance if you haven't used the potty if you you haven't got your uh your consumables and.

I don't mean your gummies or your other. CBD products don't get me started on that stuff we're going to get started in five 4 3 2 one hello everyone welcome to secrets of personal transformation. I am your ever. So delightful often deranged anle.

Finally eccentric. Dr. David checking in and if. I seem a little hyper it's because.

I just got done doing some serious power meditations and uh eight balling a. Monster energy drink well. I'll let you figure out which one of those is actually the truth. But welcome to secrets of.

Personality transformation uh. This. Is. A variation of one of our most popular and most powerful trainings uh which is basically about reprogramming the subconscious mind tonight's uh training is going to focus a little bit differently uh than some of our usual tracks although there will be a lot of the same material covered and this going to focus we're going to drill down on beliefs and the structure of beliefs how to change them um how to how they form the foundation of everything that we experience and what you can begin to do to start transforming and changing all the things that beliefs touch and mitigate which is pretty much everything you know when.

I. First started you know back in. I. I'm.

I've been a lifelong self-help person and me that's kind of where we all got started right. We all want to be the best version of oursel we want we got things we want to overcome and people would always tell me you know you got to change your beliefs you got to change your beliefs you got to change your beliefs and. I would always ask how and the. Next thing they'd want to do is sell me a course and to supposedly change my limiting beliefs um and uh one of the problems a lot of times is not every approach works for everybody else and.

So. I started becoming very very frustrated with a lot of the programs out there on the market on how to change beliefs. I. But before.

I could really learn how to change beliefs. I had to really start to dig down and figure out what are beliefs exactly what you know how do how do they get built where do they get built um is there a is there a formula for beliefs right. Um why if if if if changing beliefs was. So simple why aren't we all doing it right.

Uh and and. So. I made some discoveries along the way that that have helped me a lot and. I want to share some of those with you tonight now.

U some of you know my story some of you don't um. I grew up your classic bullied kid you know you know you you all know who. I'm talking the kind of person. I'm talking about when they're born like the idea of personal hygiene was an idea rather than a way of life um social social skills what were those right.

And you know if there was somebody that got picked. Last got bullied um taken advantage of was the brunt of the jokes picked on on the bus that was this guy okay. I don't have a lot of. PL that's changed a bit.

But back in those. I didn't have a lot of pleasant memories growing up uh where. I was growing up and. So at a very early age.

I became quite literally obsessed with being better uh for a number of number of reasons one was is that. I just didn't feel good about who. I was. I.

I knew that. I wasn't there were things. I wanted that. I wasn't.

I didn't have the skills to get or if. I had the skills to get them. I was underperforming. I wasn't able to just level myself up to where uh.

I needed or wanted to be and of course one of the things we'll talk about as we get deeper into the belief transformation in the belief what. I call the belief cycle of the what we call the acceptance rejection projection connection is that your perceptions of the world around you and your place in it are dramatically influenced by the belief systems that you hold consequently and conversely your beliefs are also influenced by the perceptions that you experience. So there's this little feedback loop this little set of cycles that are operational at every level of a human being's experience and without an understanding of how these. Cycles work how they come into being and how to interrupt them and and and change them uh we're often at the mercy of the upbringing we've been given uh not because we don't have the ability to change it's because nobody showed us where in our system those hidden switches and passwords and dashboards are located tonight's all about getting the username and password to log in the back end of your own neurology to use metaphor you know to use username this is something we're all familiar with one of the reasons that we have such a hard time changing those beliefs that cause us to sabotage ourselves to hold ourselves back to speak when we shouldn't be speaking to not speak when we know we should to do the things we know we need to to not do the things we know we shouldn't do or to do the things we know we need to do right.

Those are basically the foundations of everything that holds us back our fears our worries our anxieties they all have a structure and they all are stored at different places in our body. But if you don't understand just like logging into your your your blog or your website or your your. Facebook. Account you can make all kinds of.

Chang changes cosmetically to the surface of that web page. But if you can't log into the back end with a username and password you have no. True power to influence anything on that web page or that website right. Other than what's been um other than what's been okay.

For you to input like when you have a form you fill you can fill in your name and email. But that's all you can do except click the send button right. So tonight a lot of what we're going to share with you you've heard before. I'll tell you that right.

Now many of the things that you've heard before you've shared you've heard before. But we're going to think about it we're going to come at it from a slightly different perspective in terms of how do we actually log into our own back end not that one although some people think out of it um. But more or less how do we log in to our own nervous system and begin to make actual changes that will stick right. Um.

So tonight. First of all. I know you're gonna have questions and that's fine. I love questions there's three ways you can get your questions answered tonight the.

First one type it in the chat. I'm monitoring two chats right. Now uh much love to our folks out in. YouTube land much uh much love to our.

Zoom contingent here let me just go ahead with my personal disclaimers before. I tell you about the answering questions part if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your.

Next two to three hours right. When we teach classes like this we teach them in three phases we call it a free form webinar the. First phase is all foundations think principles and techniques and skills that you absolutely need to know and have to be able to utilize what we're going to teach you in phase three which is all about application everything we're doing in this three-phase webinar remember phase one is is foundations phase three is application. So.

David what's in the middle well. I'm glad you asked phase two is all about leveling up packages and programs and offers we've made available for you to take the foundations and the principles that you're going to be learning today and get the complete system get the full package where you you have everything you need all the tools that that that are available um that's un only possible to make transformation and get the life you want the way that you want it phase one usually runs anywhere from 55 to 75 minutes right. Depending on how fast or how rapidly we move through that material. Then we're going to transition into phase two right.

Which lasts about 35 or 40 minutes and. Then we're going to circle back to phase three which is all about applications the specific things you as a group want to. Target tonight right. Remember if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn you know in in in the field of of belief change and personal transformation even with a three or four hour webinar.

I've got time for this much. So my commitment to you is this. I will take you as far as. I can tonight in the time that we have.

I will give you as many experiences and as much actionable userfriendly uh transformational content that. I can and. Then. I will point you in the direction of where to go to level it up and take it even further is that fair is that a fair trade if you think that's fair type that in the chat excellent excellent thank you for that okay.

So like. I said. I am a teacher who thrives on feedback. I thrives on interactiveness.

So uh. I do have a. PowerPoint. I do have one note.

I do have all kinds of notes here um that we're going to be bouncing back and forth with. But. I'll tell you up front. I would much rather look.

You in the eye than put put a. PowerPoint or something on the screen. So. I will try to minimize that.

But there are things that. I think uh. PowerPoint helps us keep structure. So if you're brand new to.

Planet. David. I want you to go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and. First time in the chat go ahead and do that now if you're um a veteran of.

Planet. David type your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been in. Planet. David okay.

Those of you who are veterans uh. I'm going to be calling on you because you guys are my. Witnesses you guys are the ones that have taken this material gone out into the world applied the skills to your life and gotten a result. So if you see a question that.

I miss this is part this is the. Second way to get your question answered if some if one of the new folks ask a question and. I miss it or. I don't answer it because it's not relevant uh to the part of the webinar that we're on.

But you have direct experience answering that question. Then please by all means private message that person and tell them um your experience you know because again when when a guy in the vest is standing up here talking about all these programs and all these things that he's made available to you and how great they are and how cool they are since sliced bread it's natur yeah right. Is he is he is it a pitch or is it is he talking about the real deal. So what.

I want you guys to do is. I want you to listen to the people who've lived the life. I want you to. PE.

I want you to listen to the folks in the chat the brothers and sisters just like you who've been living with these tools and these. Technologies and applying them. I don't know if you saw earlier one gentleman went from making 30k a year to 185k a year just from a couple of techniques right. A couple of well-placed techniques can mean the difference between a life of mediocrity and quiet desperation as thorough like to say and a life where you get to be the person you've always wanted to be right.

It doesn't take a lot it just takes it just takes two things it takes identity you need you need to be have a sense of identity that can support the person you want to become okay. We're going to talk a lot about identity because. So much of this phenomena or principle of identity is based on the belief systems that we hold the other thing is action right. These are what we call the mo two most important ingredients to success okay.

So um that's where we're going to start. But before. I do. I.

I you know. I should probably why why am. I qualified to stand up here you know and really talk about these things. So um if it's okay.

With you. I'm going to jump to my. PowerPoint just. So um.

I can just move through this really really quickly because we do we need we do need to be a little bit um more structured. I think just to make sure that host disabled uh. Moss can you please enable my screen sharing hold on a. Second good we're good okay.

Hold on a. Second all right. So by the way you guys like my pretty new. PowerPoint.

I decided to change up the look. A little bit you guys like that okay. So this. I.

I. I normally. I don't do this. I mean let me go back and just jump off my screen.

But this is um. I'm gonna read this because this is one of the reasons why. I dress weird and. I do what.

I do this is from. Bonnie boots she says. Dr. Snider.

I am immensely grateful to you for. So freely sharing. I have no. Experience in hypnosis or.

NLP or. Etc. I use. Simple techniques.

I learned from your. YouTube videos to heal stage four col and cancer in just three months my oncologist said she had no. Medical explanation for my healing. I know the explanation it's you give me a minute thank you.

Bonnie and. I will take the compliment and. I will take some of the credit. But there's two other entities at play here one is the big go the big.

G. God himself right. The other one is the most important one and that's you maybe you learned the techniques from me maybe. God said it was time for you to heal.

But at the end of the day you're the one who took. The techniques and used them. So maybe it's me. But it's you.

So. God bless you. Bonnie thank you. So much for sharing that please please please write me uh if you can uh write me a a little bit write that up or just paste that and send it in an email to us because people need to know what's really possible for themselves um with these techniques and again not to.

I'm not going to. Pat myself on the back. But. I spent 15 years officially 15 years in private practice treating physiological illness that was caused by repressed emotion and stories like.

Bonnie's happened fairly fairly often in my world why because every disease that we manifest has at its core a structure and a set of beliefs and emotional charges that are begging to be released. But because we don't know how to tap into those levels of. Mind and. Body they're locked in a system that doesn't know they're there until it's too late.

So uh if. You' if you've had an experience like. Bonnie and again. I'm.

So glad she's she's she's doing better and. I'm. I'm excited um for what's ahead for. Bonnie because it's just the tip of the iceberg.

But like. I said before this is one of the reasons why we put out. So much free content because. I know realistically that as much as.

I. I can help as many people who can come to a lot of you will never get to meet me face to face. I know that and. So certain techniques.

I was. I was gifted with um. I was gifted to get not to keep them. But to give them to you and.

So that's why. I do it right. When. God gives you gifts you're expected to use them.

But. I want to go back and again. I'll close this. Loop.

But that just. I just that just hit me in the heart. So strong um that. I just had to.

I had to just. I had to recognize that let's see here all right. So let's go back to our. PowerPoint.

So wow that was crazy all right. So what's to. So who is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care. First and foremost.

I am an actual doctor of. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine um as you heard me talk about earlier um. I spent over 15 years actually.

But 15. I. I stopped at. I stopped counting at 15 uh when.

I started become when. I started going doing trainings full-time. But. I still see clients.

So it's actually closer to 20 some years um where my specialty was treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotions. So. I was dealing with beliefs and and the repercussions of beliefs all the time for those of you who um don't know this is a copy of my my diploma from uh. Pacific.

College of. Oriental medicine and. I've also authored over. I'm.

I'm currently ranked one of the top. NLP trainers in the world by global gurus. org. I've authored over 15 different programs on various forms of human influence everything from. Advanced sales persuasion uh influence attraction dating and romance techniques to therapeutic interventions vibrational and energetic healing modalities things of that nature uh.

I'm very much a student of the. Mystic. Arts as well and. So what you see here is uh this is from 2020 when.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer in the world by global gurus. org. I've been in the. I've been in the number one or number two slots every year for the.

Last eight years. So. I'm pretty sure it's eight my math isn't always great by the way if at some point you see errors in math in in something. I say or in my.

PowerPoint please don't embarrass me by pointing it out trust me just message me in the background and and we'll have it changed okay. There's a reason. I'm a hypnotist because. I don't do math okay.

So. Anyway um this is a letter from gurus. org this was sent to us we get one of these actually past couple years we've gotten this it says. Dear. Dr.

David with with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP now. I'd like to say this was a oneandone. But we've been ranked the number one.

NLP training program for the. Last four years and this is something that is uh. I don't even know how this is voted on until recently um. But it was it's nice to see and.

So some of the techniques that you're going to be learning from are drawn from this curriculum which is one of the reasons why uh they get such powerful effects right. As you can see this is a copy of my uh my. Global gurus ranking this is. NLP power and killer influence as the number one.

NLP program. I've also a lifelong martial artist as you can see here. I have a grand uh. I'm a 10th degree black belt in aruku.

Tempo karate which is an art that specializes in attacking the pressure points and energy meridians of the body. I have a fourth degreee black belt in. Shaolin. Kau.

Second degree black belt in kosho. Karu. First re black belt in. Fon kururu.

I'm also a certified instructor in many other martial arts and as you can see um. I have more raiki healing or energy healing credentials and. McDonald sells hamburgers uh in fact. I'm working on my.

Second doctorate right. Now in. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine.

I'm about halfway through that program and. So um when. I finished that and. I've gotten access to all the different mystical trainings that.

I'm going through uh you can expect a lot more stuff on uh. Advanced meditation practices spiritual empowerment training and and other cool stuff like that. But this is who. I am now when you look.

At all the things that. I'm talking about the. NLP and the hypnosis and the the acupuncture and the energy work and the martial arts you're like okay. David.

So are you like trying to impress me no. I'm trying to impress upon you um that there's beneath all the surface things that. I've just mentioned there's an underlying commonality there's something these things all have in common and that is this stay control and pattern recognition everything that human beings do every. Behavior every thought every memory every thing they say has a structure to it okay.

And if you if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can identify those structures you can identify those patterns and if you understand how to control and manage your own emotional state you gain the ability to manage and influence the emotional states of other people and with that in hand and with this pattern recognition skill that. I'm talking about you now have the ability to make powerful simple changes that change the whole course of your life in a very very fast and effective way. So what does this have to do with self- transformation pretty much everything all right.

So the. Next part of our our class is going to be a little quiz are you in fact oops are you in fact in the right. Place. So by a show of that's me in the chat if you can answer yes.

To any of the following questions you're here you're in the right. Place this is the right. Webinar for you. So how many of you would like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate more confidence wherever you go if that's for you type that in the chat okay.

How many of you would like to make more money from your job maybe start that business you've been wanting to start right. Book. More clients for your business right. How would you like to protect yourself from being manipulated would that be useful.

I'm going to show you how to to do that all right. What about having people thinking feeling acting the way you want them to instead of the way they want to right. Um would you like to program yourself for massive. Financial or professional abundance right.

Sometimes people don't always. C uh consider abundance to be money some people think abundance is more about having. Freedom or about having security or about having the ability to do what you want when you want to do it right. It's about being able to spend more time with the people you love in a way that's satisfying and fulfilling right.

So abundance means a lot of things to a lot of people right. One of the things that we're going to talk about as we we move through the content of tonight's webinar and when you come to some of our. Advanced trainings and things like that we're going to talk a lot about the. Power of.

Words the power of language and how your nervous system communicates inside of itself and how that internal communication from one part of your neurology and your mind to another impacts words that you use which is is about interpersonal communication how you communicate with other people okay. I. So that's that's really what the core of. NLP really is it's the study of how your nervous system creates what you think is true right.

And once you understand that there is in fact a program a structure a system in place for doing that and you get the username and password to hack to open that that back end and start making edits and changes just like you would on a website or your. Facebook. Page or whatever your life starts to become much more controllable you start to have more ability to decide how you want to perceive the world around you and the and like. I said before your beliefs color your perceptions your perceptions color your beliefs and it just cycles that way how many of you would like to attract surround yourself with true friends who have the same values the same beliefs who support you and inspire you and and.

Build. You. Up when the rest of the world's trying to tear you down if you answer yes. Type it in the chat right.

How many of you would like to nail job interview after job interview after job interview we have a gentleman right. In the chat who did has been doing that with the techniques you're. G to learn the fundamentals of how that works today okay. Um let's see what did.

I not mention type it in the chat if there's something. I did not mention that you would like to take take away as a byproduct from tonight's webinar what would it be love okay. Jack says true friends yes. Sir.

Ericson. J. Ericson says what did. I miss from here let me see if it's on the agenda for tonight show me what you got manifesting faster okay.

That actually will happen as a byproduct of some of the things that we're doing uh how to find the mission the golden okay. Okay. We can talk talk about that sure um s says ditto frame. War tips oh okay.

That's. Yes. Actually that that will be part of it um there's a lot that by the way just. L this there's a lot that goes into frame.

Wars the most important frameware for those of you how many don't know what. I'm talking about when. I when they when. I say the word frame.

Wars if you don't know type it in the chat it's okay. Okay. So think of it this way in any given interaction it's like a seen from a movie right. There's a a meaning to the context there's a meaning to a person's social status and identity and it's the meaning that we assign to things that determine how we respond to it.

So the classic one is if. I walk into a bar right. And there's this hot young person standing here and they're facing that way and. I'm this way in that particular interaction because the center of their body is facing away from me they're less interested in me than.

I am in them because my the center of my body is facing them. So in this in this situation in this context these two people this person the person who cares least and has the power to say no. They're the dominant person because. I want something from this person.

I'm not the one who can say no. They are and. So this is a this is what we call a framework because when. I enter into this interaction if.

I keep those meanings the same where they the the the attractive person is the prize the person who can say no. To me and. I'm the. Seeker or the supplicant.

I'm the one in the weak position. So anytime you get into a a job interview a networking function a. First date uh a mediation um if you ever watched uh two boxers getting right. In there all in each other's face trying to psych each other out these are all examples of a framework what does that mean is it if.

I can control the meaning that you assign to an interaction. Then. I control the frame and the person who controls the frame controls the game okay. So what does that mean in terms of behaviors and beliefs and things like that certain behaviors are pre-programmed into you based on how you interpret the situation you're in and.

So if. I can change how you interpret the situation you're in you will take on a completely different set of behaviors automatically. So when two people get together how many people ever seen a bunch of guys who've never met each other meet for the. First time right.

When. I used to teach dating and attraction. I used to talk. I used to talk about this.

I used to say you ever see a bunch of guys get together for the. First time and it's like everybody's everybody's pulling out their you know what and comparing the relative sizes see who's got the bigger one and it's organized chaos everybody's trying to outdo each other everybody's trying to one up each other until a pecking order is established until an alpha is established and. Then before you know it everybody lines up in the hierarchy right. What you've just seen is a frame wark okay.

And. So this is happening to you all the time right. You're in fact one of the things you need to understand especially where belief systems are concerned is that you're doing it to yourself all the time if you can learn how to change how to win the frame war in your mind it becomes extremely difficult for other people to steal your personal power does that make sense if you're with me go ahead okay. Very good all right.

Cool all right. So here's what we're gonna do tonight now again. I know some of you are brand new to. Planet.

David some of you have been around for a while this webinar is is a bit different than a lot of the other webinars that we've ever done. So you're going to want to stay trust me when. I say this you're going to want to stay till the very end of tonight's webinar okay. I have some super special holiday surprises for you.

I've never done before when. I when. I sent these. I just came up with these changes literally like two hours or three hours before the webinar and.

I got nothing. But hate texts from my support staff because. I had to change the offer at the. Last minute.

Saul says will there be gingerbread cookies there will be cookies. But. I do promise you this if you stay with me until the end of tonight's webinar okay. The.

I'm. G to teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited health wealth success and happiness. I'm going to teach you in a very very powerful way how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination instantly how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and of course limiting beliefs all right. Finally.

I'm going to give you the exact. Pathway to take the exact path to getting everything you want. I'm going to show you the exact steps you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time is that fair does that sound like a good plan for tonight okay. Go ahead show me okay.

By the way our our no. Troll policies in effect. So if if if our moderators feel that you're behaving badly you're going to get a timeout. Then you're going to go bye-bye.

So behave okay. So yay baby. Perfect all right. So where are we gonna start we're gonna start by talking about once again the two most important factors to success it's not what you think or maybe it is right.

We're going to talk about the rules of the. Mind the ones they didn't tell you about we're going to touch on and go through very very quickly body centered energy psychology or. Psychotherapy okay. Uh programming your future clearing your past we're going to talk about that we're going to show you.

Finally how to take control we're going to show you in very simple clear easy ways how to get the life you want the way that you want it uh starting tonight okay. You guys ready to play all right. Let me go back to sharing my screen oops. So oops wait a minute that's not working out the way.

I planned it okay. So tonight we're going to talk about something called the identity by design process now techniques. I'm going to share with you are drawn from this system obviously we don't have time to go through the entire seven stages. But this is something that uh you're going to have an opportunity to experience in many different ways going forward this particular program starts with clearing the general negativity from your mind the stuff you didn't even know you had we're going to eliminate the safety rules this the secret lessons or or secondary gain that people have for holding on to limiting beliefs this is a very very important piece of the belief puzzle we're going to talk about default driver.

States in other words there are certain mind. States or certain emotional states that lead you to perceive the world in much more successful facilitating ways we're going to talk about that we're going to talk about internal dialogue for those of you who don't know what. I mean when. I say internal dialogue it's that little voice in your head that just said what voice okay.

Remember each and every one of us from the time we're kneehigh to a grasshopper maybe even smaller is programmed with a voice now that voice starts outside of us and. Then as time goes on. WE internalize it and it becomes like this little running dialogue and commentary and it especially fires up in situations that were traumatic for us in the past and a lot of times it spews a lot of self-limiting dialogue and it reinforces and reminds you of events in your past where you weren't quite successful we're going to show you and talk to you about why it's important to change that voice right. And we'll we'll again.

I some of the things. I have if people want to focus on the internal dialogue part we can do that on phase three what if you could systematically remove all the the memories the negative memories from your past. So that when you look. Back on the past you'd only remember it in ways that made your life better that's what phase five of the identity by design process does and.

Then we take this entire sequence of techniques we compress them and we install them uh all epigenetics and. Bruce lipin type in uh installations into the. G the. DNA before your very.

First memory and. Then we actually teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who you want to be like who you truly admire this is called the identity by design process it's something that. I originally designed believe it or not um for aspiring pickup artists you know how sometimes you you think you're looking for gold and you strike oil and it's even better that was what this process was because what. I discovered was when when.

I. Finally created this particular sequence of techniques and. I started deploying it the scope and the degree of change that it created in everyone. I did it with was beyond what.

I'd originally created it for it was one of those things where like you think you got a. A little firecracker and all of a sudden you've got this this. Moab in terms of the change that it creates and that's what the identity by design process became it was. So powerful we had to take it into the.

Clin can use it right. So the techniques you're going to learn from tonight some of them form the building blocks of the techniques in this system others are drawn directly from. The. Silo itself you're going to become intimately familiar with some of these aspects tonight if you want the whole system.

I'll show you where to go to grab it okay. But. I wanted you to know that this is where the techniques you're going to be learning from are are coming from and it has a huge history of transforming people's lives okay. Uh let's see here back to this okay.

Oops that's not what. I want. So let's let's. Jump.

Right. In let's talk about the two most important factors to success and why we need this okay. Uh let me see here can everybody see the screen okay. Yes.

Or yes. Not sled um if people want. I can probably put a. PDF together it's kind of hard to get a nice.

PDF from. OneNote files unless you've already organized them in advance okay. So let's talk about the num the the number one factor for. Success how many people here have ever got heard of a guy named.

Nathaniel. Brandon or. John asera some of you might know both some of you might know one how many have heard of that that particular. J okay.

Uh. Pam says yes. And yes. To both good all right.

So one of the things that we need to understand and and if. You' ever listen to to. Mr aser talking he'll tell you you can't out earn your level of self-esteem okay. So we one of the problems that we have when we start talking about self-concept self-image self-esteem is that we don't know what those things actually mean right.

So self concept self-image and self-esteem regardless of your definition are all based on several things they're based on life experience they're based on ego extensions and social mass and are all mediated by your belief systems. So if. I for example have a belief that. I don't deserve success right.

Maybe growing up um. I was the poor kid on the. Block and everyone around me was had better clothes they they had their own little click they used to make fun of me or they would just be mean and. I and.

I maybe they never maybe they were never actually directly mean to me. But they didn't they didn't reach their handout to me either even though in my mind. I can rationalize certain things because the vulnerability that we have when we're young especially zero to five we are just an open hard drive and anything that we encounter goes right. In unchallenged and it becomes the standard by which um we judge ourselves and the life we're supposed to have you see one of the things you to understand about your neurology is that it doesn't sort by good or bad not in the way you think it sorts by what's familiar okay.

So when we talk about the laws of the mind we're going to talk about something called what. I call the law of. Primacy and the way the law of. Primacy works is whatever your unconscious mind accepts and was there.

First becomes the root and the standard by which everything else similar to it is measured right. So for example maybe you're born into maybe you're a baby right. And you're born into the world and when you're born into that that world you're held and you're and when you cry you're you're you're you're nurtured and you're cuddled people say nice things to you they make sure you're comfortable they make sure you're always fed they're they're saying nice things to you that make you feel good over a certain amount of time those feelings those con those environmental conditions those behaviors are uh given a word that encompasses that whole complex that word is usually love okay. And that makes sense let's flip the script a little bit though person's born into a family parents are always working they're getting dropped off at daycare when they are home kids barely paid attention to you know he's he's cried he may he may have to cry for 20 minutes before he gets a bottle maybe the parents are arguing over the.

I'm a drunk you're a drunk he's probably going to be a drunk all that you right. Sometimes you're ignored sometimes you're not sometimes you're held sometimes you're not right. Sometimes people are talking at you rather than to you they're talking about you. But they're not talking to you right.

You guys may have experienced some of these things right. Remember you don't have a concept of good or bad when you're a baby what you have is familiar unfamiliar that's where it starts okay. Hold on to this concept because it's something that's going to explain a lot for us as we move forward. So sometimes the baby's held sometimes it isn't sometimes it's fed sometimes it's diapers to changed immediately sometimes it has to wait 20 minutes right.

Over a certain amount of time those behaviors get a word assigned to them as well that word is also love now. I'm just. I'm pretty sure. I heard from.

AC. Ross the country like what how many people have you met who every time they find a good person blow it up and the moment they find a loser they're happy as a clown anybody okay. This is what this is in in. Planet.

David this is what we call a template issue you have to remember the unconscious mind sorts for what is familiar okay. So much of the relationships and the economic situations and um the life directions that we take are are are templated between zero to five sometimes 8 to 10. But usually 0er to five is where the most deep level imprinting is done these are very very deep level beliefs and because they went in with no. Filters they went in with nothing to neutralize them or or mediate them they take root and they become the standard that is measured as get ready for this normal it's familiar and.

So even though consciously up here at this level of your mind you know better the moment you get around people who match that lower deeper template it will pull you in that direction in spite of yourself and if you happen to get into relationship with somebody that you really really like that checks all the boxes that you say you want. But it doesn't match the boxes that were installed down here you'll find a way to screw it up okay. So this is the concept of of of identity who are you what what are you about right. What do you believe you deserve what do you do you believe you're a good you're good or or not good person right.

All these things are at the identity level of a person's belief system. But what supports that belief system it's values all right. So are you guys with me. So far or am.

I kind of getting off into the ozone okay. And the reason. I talk about this is because the two biggest factors to success in anything are both mitigated by beliefs. But if you don't have an identity that supports who you want to become you need to work on becoming that person.

First you understand you need to to make the changes that create and support the identity you want to have now some people they want to do it all in one big leap. God bless you most people need baby steps okay. Either way you got to change that now we're going to circle back to the whole belief process in just a. Second.

But. I want you to. I want to talk about the. Next most important thing when it comes to um being successful okay.

And it goes directly to beliefs again and that's called action you must hold on a. Second. I got to fix my okay. Let me go back to sharing my screen you have to have you have to take action and with action.

So a lot of us when we talk about. So some people were asking about. Saul says leaps seem overwhelming they can be and we'll talk about why that is for some of us okay. Uh and and again.

I'm going to teach you towards in in phase three. I want to go through a quick technique for learning how to take the baby steps right. Because if you if you try to make a leap that's too far too fast your own neurology will fight against you okay. We're going to talk about that.

But here's the thing all. Altered. States work which is anything that's. Law of.

Attraction anything hypnosis anything. NLP related any form of deep level meditation or or personal transformation work must be balanced with actions in the material world okay. How many of you often find yourself feeling less than confident anybody type it in the chat how many of ever here have ever read in the book. That if you want to be successful you got to be confident anybody okay.

Take that book. Throw it out because it's a lie okay. Here and here's the. Catch 22 that a lot of well-meaning teachers in the self-help.

Community propagate they say if you're just confident and you do the right. Things you'll be successful. H not. So much how many of you have ever been faced with a situation where something needed to get done.

But you had absolutely zero ability or zero confidence in your ability to do it anybody anybody ever been faced with a situation where something had to be done you have no. Confidence in your ability to do it. But you put on your big boy or big girl pants you summoned up all of your relentlessness put one foot in front of the other and you did it and you succeeded anybody do that all right. Let me ask you a question when did the confidence come when did the confidence come after you see if you wait to be confident before you act if you wait for for the right.

Time or when everything's ready before you act you won't the game is rigged. Zig. Ziggler. I was on a webinar the other day and and uh.

I love. Zig. Ziggler if you don't know who he was you should probably. Google him and get everything that uh that he ever ever put out because he was a major major influence on my life.

But he said if you're if you're in your house you need to get somewhere and you wait until all the lights are green you'll never leave your driveway okay. It's not about being confident it's about being determined and taking a. First step it's about taking action and this is one of the things that the really. Advanced people tell you over and over and over and over again is if you want to be confident you want to be uh you want to be successful you got to take actions actions destroy fear actions destroy hesitancy and doubt okay.

And. I've fallen victim to this many times even as much as. I know this and. I teach this every now and.

Then. I catch some of those programs that. I didn't find earlier trying to sneak in and. I have to.

I have to put on my big. David pants and fix that and. Then move forward right. How many people ever watched some of my uh my early early videos like when.

I'm still wearing black and stuff like that anybody okay. You may notice in the early videos a big a bit of a change in me aside from the fact that. I gained some weight lost some hair got some extra wrinkles right. But if you knew how many times.

I was standing in front of a room of people that i' never met about to teach something or share something or show something that. I'd never done before it would shock and disturb you. But because. I learned how to control my state because.

I learned that it wasn't about confidence it was about relentless determination to move forward. I was able to step into a state of. Unstoppable and perform and create and learn and as a byproduct of that training as a byproduct of doing that. I became literally in my world a force of nature right.

Because. I trained myself to not worry about whether. I was confident or not you see the objective you see the goal you start moving and. I want to encourage all of you now not to do it don't do it stupidly.

But when you see something that you know you really want that you know will change your life instead of waiting for everything to be perfect take the actions okay. Now. But why don't people take actions what why do they why do they not act on the things that they know will change their life well self-esteem and self-image or one do they feel like they deserve it right. The other one is skill sets when.

I when. I started really asking myself what is it that really holds people back. I just. I realized something that people don't take action for two basic reasons you guys ready got your got your your uh your pen and paper out there's only really two reasons why people don't take action they don't want to or they don't want to guess that was a joke kind of are you paying attention all right.

So what does that actually mean the question becomes why why don't they want to take action moving towards something that they know will change their life and that distills down to two basic reasons it's either a mindset issue or a skill set issue what does that mean okay. So here's how you diagnose this if. I can use that word how do you know if something's a mindset issue you're ready to do something you've got all the ducks in a row you know exactly what to do when to do it who to do it with the resources are there everything is lined up ready to go and you can't pull the trigger or you find an excuse not to do it right. Or you make up an excuse or you find fault with somebody or you attack the people that you're trying to help even though they're ready to go too if you're doing any of those things you have a mindset issue there's a program running a belief or a memory or an experience or a trauma running below the thread threshold of conscious awareness a rule that your neurology put in place that says hey you can't do this you shouldn't be doing this you're not allowed to do this okay.

That's a mindset issue if everything is there it's lined up and you have the time the place the people. But you're still not doing it mindset. But let's say you have more excitement aggressive you have all this energy you're ready to go right. You got the gun you got the bullets you have no.

Idea where to point it that's a skill set right. Or maybe you have the gun. But you don't have the bullets or you have the bullets. But you don't have the gun again.

I'm using a marshall metaphor. But. I think you get the idea that's a skill set issue skill set issues are really easy to fix you just find somebody and again this is something. I learned from a webinar.

I was on watching today it's not focusing on the what focus on the who who has this problem and who solved or. I have this problem who has solved it where do. I go. I go.

I go to them to solve the problem right. So those are skill set issues right. So there's two reasons people don't take action there's either a mindset going on there's a fear there's a self-limiting belief a self-sabotage program a self-esteem issue or they just don't know what they don't know they they they they know there's something missing they don't know where to point that energy or where to point that. Focus right.

Now sometimes one of the things we need to talk about we're going to talk about beliefs again um we have two sets of beliefs okay. There's beliefs we know about and beliefs we don't and that's the problem a lot of times is because many times when we're trying to take action we can't pull that trigger and we don't know why and that's where tonight's webinar is going to come in because we're going to show you how to find the beliefs you didn't know you had. So you can start to change them okay. Well.

So. I'll saying what if it's a bit of both and that's actually what's true for most people what you'll find is that most people have a mixture. But because of be this is where things get a little bit. Insidious if you've got mindset issues running below the surface your neurology will generate all kinds of.

BS internal dialogue to keep you from taking action to keep you the same because any any movement towards the things you say you want means you are you're no. Longer going to be this person and remember that your your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar. So if you're familiar with being miserable and broke and unhappy that's what you're used to right. But it's safe as far as your con your neurolog is concerned because it doesn't it doesn't have any ambiguity it's like the it's the the devil you know versus the devil you don't right.

And. So what will happen many times is it will start to generate. BS internal dialogue things like let me maybe this is true for you you're presented with an opportunity or something you want and the. First thing that happens.

I can't afford it right. But you're ready to buy the. Next the the brand new iPhone. Next week right.

Or you ready to take that. Hawaiian vacation. But the chance to change your life is right. In front of you for half the price and you choose something else that's a deservingness issue that's a priority issue okay.

You're uh you see an opportunity and the. First thing out of your mouth says oh it's not worth it you're salivating for the opportunity you're salivating to take the action you know it's going to take your life to a. Next. Level and now all of a sudden you're not it's not worth it anytime you hear that little voice in your head saying it's not worth it and you have that need to breathe kind of an energy for it the translation for that is that little voice is actually saying.

I'm not worth it you're not worth it okay. So when you hear that voice that says it's not worth it it's not worth the time it's not worth the money it's not worth the effort it's a trick it's a trick created by your other than conscious mind your neurology your your old self designed to keep you the same right. And if you believe that voice you will do what you've always done and you'll have what you've always gotten which. I assume is not the thing you say you want with that be true or not true.

Okay. The reason. I can talk about this is because. I've had every single one of these multiple times and.

I was a victim of them for years and every now and. Then. I catch those trying to sneak back okay. Give me give me let me give you a few others just.

So um you're presented with an opportunity and. Then. I. I ran head along into this one and it's oh it's too much work or um.

I'm too old to do. X. I'm too old to have. X all right.

That little doctorate in front of my name. I didn't start it till. I was 54 years old. I didn't start my doctorate program until.

I was 54 years old. I didn't get to. College till. I was 3 34 35 something like that okay.

Because. I listen to the voices and. I. I let them believe that they knew knew what.

I wanted and that they knew what was best for me. I didn't know what. I didn't know okay. So here's the deal when you know and you see a clear path to changing your life and any of those voices come up it's a trick it's a program running at the.

Deep level of the unconscious trying to keep you the same right. You can believe it or. I don't really care if you believe it or not that's how it works. But can we change those beliefs can we can we go in and just flip the script on it the answer is in many cases yes.

And that's where we're going. Next. But. I wanted you to be really really clear that you have two sets of beliefs beliefs that you know about and beliefs that you don't there's only two there's two primary ingredients to success.

First one is an identity one of my teachers brilliant. Lady by the name of. Taylor. Sinclair shared shared something her mother told her and that was this she said.

David you can be or do or have anything you want in this world you can. But. First you must be willing to become the person who can have that thing or for whom that thing can happen too in the spiritual trainings and the. Law of.

Attraction trainings that. I'm going through one of the things that keep coming back to and for those for for those of you who are. Law of. Attraction fans out there you're going to love this and hate it at the same time one of the things they keep telling me is that all the abilities all the spiritual gifts that you know if you're into psychic phenomena or.

Clairvoyance and and manifesting you already have all these gifts they're all actually a basic part of your. Birthright. But the layers of identity that you you you use to to hide them are keeping you from accessing them. So if you want those skills and you want want those abilities it's very very simple all you've got to do is give up all the they sum that up by saying nothing is free what are you willing to do to be the person who can have those things and sometimes that's an easy.

Choice well let me let me let me rephrase that sometimes it's a simple. Choice a simple isn't always easy okay. So as we move forward into techniques and into the ways that we want to level up tonight. I want you to take these things that.

I'm saying to heart. I want you to focus in on what are the things that you're just pardon my. French sick of that are holding you back that you want to get rid of what are the things that you want as a byproduct of getting rid of those beliefs and changing those internal processes and. I want you to really lock into that okay.

Okay. Because that's what. I want you to that as we start chipping away at these various systems. I want you to apply the techniques and and the technologies that.

I'm going to be sharing with you to it okay. Now remember again if this is the scope of everything there is in the in the full system. I got time for this guys. But.

I'm hoping. I'm really really hoping that you take this opportunity to really work on some stuff and and grab every opportunity to keep working on it. But remember nothing is free. So for those of you who are in the law of attraction one of the reasons that some people can manifest stuff on a dime is because those.

Chan they came in with those channels open. But they have other. Karma they have to balance the rest of us we got to clear we got to get we got to get out of our own way we've got to remove the self-concepts and the identities that say we're not allowed to be or do or have something we need to systematically peel those those onion skins away. So we get back to our true true core self and as you do that you're going to become more empowered you're going to see the world through new eyes.

And experience the world through a completely different neurology alive with potentials and possibilities that were always around you because of the belief systems that you had and the identity level that you move through the world in they were screened out from you they were screened away from you you have almost. I say almost you have almost everything you need right. Now to make any change that you want the one thing you don't have is someone to show you where to look. And that's why.

I'm here right. So um before we move on into the. Next phase is there any questions about this. I could talk for hours and hours and hours on this.

But. I'll just take one or two questions and. I'm gonna move on. Thomas says keep going man it's profound what you're sharing identity plus action.

Courtney identity plus action equals success if you got those two things and you wrap it in a big big uh bundle of relentlessness you're going to be successful. I know a lot of geniuses live that are homeless. I know a lot of amazingly creative people who don't have two nickels to rub together and nobody takes them seriously. But.

I know some pretty mediocre people who have buttload of relentlessness and they're millionaires okay. It's you got to have relentlessness right. You guys remember that little that little seven stage identity by. Design.

Silo. I showed you guys do you remember what stage four was default driver. States default driver. States the.

First one we teach you and installing you that you have it on demand in infinite. Supply is relentlessness okay. We actually show you how to do that okay. Manfred's trying to pattern everybody in the in the chat room over there.

So if you guys want to work a little bit on. Relentless we can do that in part three all right. So. State remember.

I said stay control most of us are moving through the world in shitty states that create perceptual filters in our mind that that. Force us and cause us to focus on all the reasons why we can't do something. So the. First thing.

I need to teach you to do is become more aware of what you're doing inside your mind oh guy is asking what if you have no. Idea what the limitation is that is stopping you the. First thing you look. At is when does it manifest in other words when.

I'm about to do something right. And. I go to take action and. I stop what phase in my what's going on around me what's the situation where that happens right.

And is it the same every time. I go to start okay. That's the. First thing you look.

At the. Next thing you look. At where where in my body does the feeling. I have when.

I when. I stop or when. I let that limitation stop me where does it where does it come from where is it in my body right. And the moment you find that body feeling you've just found the lock all you need is the key.

I'm about to give you the key okay. We good okay. So your you have you have belief systems now your beliefs have a hierarchy that the highest. Apex in your neurology is what we call the spiritual belief system that you have directly below that is what we call the identity belief systems.

So beliefs o operate it's it's the beliefs operate like a pyramid in a hierarchy. So spiritual beliefs identity beliefs um values okay. Um let me look. At let me just get.

I want. I want to give them all to you. I'll just show you the screen really quick is this useful yes. Or yes.

Okay. So what you're seeing here is what is. Lo in. NLP this is known as logical levels of beliefs now.

I divide beliefs in this pyramid into two two categories beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't regardless of whether you know about it or you don't this is the hierarchy the beliefs at the top control the beliefs below. So it generalizes down. So if. I have a belief that.

I'm holding at the identity level it's going to it's going to influence my beliefs and my values it's going to influ it's going to dramatically influence the capabilities. I bring to any situation or circumstance okay. Remember you guys were asking is why can't. I start it's because something up here is impacting something down here the capabilities level is going to impact the behaviors.

I engage in and that's that's triggered by my environment okay. How many people have ever noticed how many of you have ever noticed that you're complet completely confident and capable in certain places under certain situations and completely not in others anybody ever noticed that like at work you can be the the. Mondo supro head honcho you go to a singles bar and all of a sudden you're this shriveled up in a corner those are those are examples of environmental beliefs beliefs about who you are and what you're capable of in that environment your environment is one of the most powerful um success factors that exists all right. Uh in other webinars we'll talk about um why you can't out willpower your friends okay.

All right. So one of the things you're going to notice as we go through some of the drills in part one of today's webinar is you're going to be feeling really really good about certain things what you may also notice as we do some of these drills is that in the background there's going to be some little icky. Naggy almost like an afterthought kind of negative feelings okay. So let's start with this.

So um. I want you guys to to think of something that you really really want okay. Something really people you really really want want and. I want you to say it this way.

I now have. X because and. I want to let. I want you to let your unconscious mind fill in the blank.

So let's say that. I'm. I'm 20 pounds overweight and. I want to tap into my emotional and value resources to lose weight.

I'm gonna say. I might say something like. I am now dropping 20 pounds because. I.

Now understand how important it is for me to look. Good when. I see myself in the mirror. I am now.

I am now dropping 20 pounds because. I realized. I was only eating because of emotional reasons and those emotions no. Longer control me.

I now. I'm dropping 20 pounds because. I like looking good naked right. So the structure is.

I am now. X because fill in the blank we call that ainformation statement now. I'm not going to get into the. Neuroscience of why this is.

So powerful we're using this for a very special reason okay. I want you guys to take a moment write write your information in the chat. So. I can see it and.

Then. I want you to stand up. I want you to scan your body notice how you feel and. I want you to speak it out loud seven times not five seven to speak it out loud seven times and notice what happens to your body and when you're done with that type done in the chat okay.

JH says. I am now. Financial secure because. I am worth it perfect structurally correct.

I am now building a scalable business because. I have the right. Angle and mindset excellent come on. I know there's more of you out there.

I am now a successful entrepreneur it moved. Courtney what does that mean. I am now a successful entrepreneur it moved what does that mean oh let's see here sin says. I now have a passionate and loyal band because.

I love what. I do very good. MC squared says everything for me is happening now okay. MC everything for me is happening now because.

Phill in the blank. Courtney says the place in the body of the spot moved yes. That's called body mapping. Heather says.

I am now master of language skills because. I've have taken action and joined this class excellent okay. So you got the basic structure. Zack says.

I can achieve the relationship. I want because. I am the prize yes. All right.

What you've just done is created a belief statement bonaro says. I am down 40 pounds because how. I look. Because of how.

I look. In the mirror okay. Um. I know.

I'm now able to walk or or move in 12 hours day because. I can get good structure is correct might want to work on your wording a little bit just because it's a little uh. I feel good about myself because. I'm worth it okay.

Very good now there is. So much neur. Neuroscience behind what you just did. But.

I want to ask you guys a question uh. Jesse says. I am happily married to a millionaire because. Jesse you got to put the because in the because is one of the most important pieces and you got to fill in that blank toor call says hi.

Dr. David thank you for all the amazing things you have opened my eyes. For greetings from. Bulgaria greetings toor.

I have a 7 sigure sales because. I did the work very good okay. So remember guys don't the structure is very simple. I now whatever it is you want because fill in the blank when you use this structure it triggers your neurology to act upon it as if it's a true belief for you because you because you may especially if you go with the.

First thing that comes up. I am now living my best life be hold on a. Second can't read that. I'll wait for it to to scroll because.

I. Finally changed my yes. Okay. You guys got you got the structure now stand up take that.

F that sentence and say it out loud seven times 5 plus 2 seven and. Then type in the chat what happened in your body guy says. I can do the finance because. I have changed the location of the feeling okay.

Very good all right. When you've done it seven times type in the chat what happened what happened in in your body now. I own a. G-Wagon because.

I'm. Rich. As you guys having fun with this. Sarah says it reinforced the feeling excellent uh s says towards pleasure energy moving and more joy when saying it excellent.

Jesse says gives me. Giggles now think about this how often do you have to do an affirmation before you get even close to this level of energy okay. Okay. You think you might be a little bit more.

Unstoppable and. Relentless with this going on in your body you think taking those actions might be a little easier yes. Or yes. Jacqueline.

Haider says uh. I felt grounded around yeah okay. Very good how long did it take how long did it take seconds seconds to overcome decades or lifetimes of hesitation fear whatever right. Why because you used the structure of belief that your nervous system is hardwired to operate from all of the beliefs on that little pyramid.

I showed you right. Here all of these hold on a. Second. I'm gonna.

I'm trying to be cool it's not working all of these are built from the structure you just wrote doesn't matter if it's a spiritual belief or an environmental belief they're all built the same the only thing that's different is you either know about it or you don't does that make sense you guys with me. So far yes. Or yes. AP says damn you blew my mind 25 seconds okay.

All right. Okay. Now here's my. Next question when you were doing these seven statements for yourself how many of you were significantly aware of the good feelings and of those of you who were significantly aware of the good feelings or not how many of you noticed in the background little icky feelings little.

Naggy feelings or maybe a little pissy voice saying yeah you can't have that or whatever anybody notice that okay. Point to where in your body you feel it moment you point to where you feel it you've just found a belief you didn't know you had that's how you find the beliefs you don't know you have you provoke them you put yourself in situations and circumstances that are moving towards the things you want and anything that's going to potentially get in the way it's going to trigger why do you want to do that. So you can unpack it and attack it you can't get rid of something you don't know is there true not true okay. Now going forward let's make a let's let's make a prom little pinky swear to each other okay.

From now on going forward whenever you experience that icky. Naggy feeling and the voices that go with it the. First thing you're going to do is use this magic mantra. STFU those you don't know what that is.

I'll let you figure it out you're going to make the decision to do the thing. Anyway and you're gonna blow out that belief you're just going to dissolve it using one of the techniques. You're. Gonna.

Learn tonight can we make that can we make that promise okay. All right. So from now on anytime you here any any of that limiting belief any of that has hesitation and that fear comes up unpacking attack it right. And create a belief statement like we just did that gives you what you want instead okay.

We're not no. We're nowwhere near done yet was this helpful was this useful okay. That being said remember all the things that you want remember the feeling about all the things you want to get rid of all the things that are keeping you up that are holding you back in any way are you guys ready to tackle that are you guys ready to be different. So you can have something different okay.

If that's true. Then if it's okay. With you. I'd like to share with you uh a set of programs.

I've put together and some opportunities that. I've put together designed specifically for you to to to help you become the person who can have everything you want and get rid of all the you don't is that okay. All right. Let's do this.

So for tonight and tonight only if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about a very special package. I've put together now if you've seen this the name this name before.

I want to. I want to warn you. First and foremost this is a different package this is not the same one exactly that you're used to seeing this is a special holiday version stay tuned to the end of the webinar and. I'll explain it all to you okay.

This is the ultr mind control training for. Success home study course the secrets of. Personality transformation supercharger and it's all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about quickly helping yourself to become to to earn more money become more attractive be successful in any field of endeavor that you think is important to remove blocks to your success become more confident to help help more people one of the nice things about these skills is once you understand them once you own them completely you can share these things with the people you love and help them change their lives you can use this with your kids your spouse your parents your in-laws your relatives your clients.

So many uses for this once you've fixed and helped yourself. I demand that you use these things on yourself. First and. Then you go out into the world and you show other people what's possible for them by by passing these skills on that's my my my charge for you right.

If you're interested in becoming more powerful. Charming charismatic irresistible they're all governed by your beliefs and by all the other programs running in your neurology. I'm going to show you how to change those once and for all here's what. I put together this offer is good today.

December 12 2023 until 11:59 p.m. it's going to include the secrets of. Personality transformation 14 video home study course it includes complete instruction on all seven stages of the identity by design process how to remove and clear the unconsciously held negativity and the beliefs that you didn't know you had it's a $297 value how to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck remember when you went to do something and that voice said oh it's too much work it's too expensive it's not worth it. I'm too old right. Or maybe you've you've you've been successful a couple of times in the past and you're ready to to go for the.

Third. Third times a charm. But you can't pull that trigger it's because of number two these safety rules your neurology made an arbitrary decision that this was too dangerous for you and you can't have it because you might get hurt again and it's going to keep doing that until you choose to go in and change that program it's going to keep you stuck unless you go in and remove those safety rules and reprocess that experience we show you step by step in very simple fou powerful easy ways how to do that it's a $297 value. But if you really do the math in your mind physically mentally and emotionally.

I think you can realize it's we've really really undervalued what you're getting here we're going to teach you how to remove the ne negative voices in your head the ones that hold you back the ones that tell you oh it's too much work you don't deserve it you're not good enough. So and. So is better you'll never be as good as such and such right. It takes too long it's too much money all right.

You can't do it it doesn't work all that crap we're gonna show you how to put the mute on that voice and actually put it in the recycle bin and replace it with a voice that builds you up and inspires you motivates you forgives you and loves you no. Matter what it's amazing every time we do this live and in person there isn't a dry eye in the room it's one of the most transformational experiences you can encounter it's $297 value. Then we're going to teach you we're going to install in you the four pillars of personal power there are four default driver states that human beings uh that lead to. Absolute success one is.

Relentless determination to succeed the other three are playfulness. Cur curiosity and a sense of. Victory if you have these default driver. States operational in you all the time you automatically experience the world through a lens of possibilities and inevitabilities that are always to the good in other words you will see the world as opportunities waiting to happen instead of potential fears and and and bad things or calamities and catastrophes and even when you're faced with those catastroph those potential catastrophes and calamities you won't see them as.

Extinction events anymore you'll now see them as opportunities to rise to the top to to overcome that challenge and become more than you ever thought you could be because it's all about perspective it's all and and your perspective is dramatically transmitted and changed by the body feelings you move through the world in okay. Lots of. Neuroscience that supports this we're going to show you one of the most powerful ways to. Super install these in you.

So you can be the person you want to be instead of the person the world programmed you to be without your permission and without your consent we're going to teach you how to sanitize all the negative energy all the negative feelings from your past memories and traumas. So that when you remember the past and you look. Back on the past that can't bother you anymore it's impossible for it to bother you anymore and the energy has been drained out of it and you only remember the past in ways that make your life better okay. There's a whole system of nav of of.

Life navigation that is mediated and mitigated by your memories and if you know how to change and alter those memories and the structure of those memories you change and alter your internal. GPS to take you to the proverbial. Promised. Land wherever it is you want to go dur neurology will get you there if you can just make the appropriate changes right.

It's a $297 value we're going to install your personal success template into your genetic memory what does that actually mean it means we take the general negativity clearing the uh safety rules process the negative voices process and the the irresistible power power for. Success processes we call this gry room and. Magic. Frame and voice of authority and uh pillars of power we take those five or four things and we install that in your genetic template at the.

DNA level before your very. First memory. I'll give you a little influence technique for free the most powerful place to install new programming is before the memory ever had a chance to happen we're going to guide you step by step for how to do that. So you automatically are come into this world equipped with all the resources you need to transform the experience okay.

Then we're going to teach you how to take the traits qualities and characteristics of people that you admire people who are good at things that you want to be good at and install those in you uh through a process called. Deep trans identification if you've ever heard of the alter ego effect or the. ROV effect this is very similar to those processes where you take the templates of other people who are top performers in their field and you install that like a little seed and as you practice and you train your body body grows into that shape and you begin to embody those skills and qualities and abilities for yourself at a much faster rate of speed than if you would just spend 30 years doing it on your own it's really really powerful one of the things the the. Russians used to do is they would take music prodigies and they would put them in deep level trance and tell them that they were mozard or beit toen right.

And they would have these children practice the piano. As mozar or bit toe and their skill sets went off the charts if you've ever been to a stage hypnosis show and you've seen people get up and start dancing like their. Elvis right. You've seen deep trans identification in effect you can use it for entertainment or you can use it to become.

Unstoppable in any way shape or form that you want by borrowing. The. Genius of other people if you remember earlier. I said that high.

Achievers don't ask what they ask who if they come across a problem that they need to solve they don't always ask how do. I fix this they ask ask who's already solved this. I'm go and. I go see that person this is one of the ways that you can do that because if there's a skill set that you want that you cover that you know would make a change in your life if you have a rich enough um sampling of that person you can install a little program of that person and it can become part of you in such a way that you can actually replicate and duplicate those skills and solve the problems that way.

I've used this for many many years right. If ever seen my video uh. Captain. Jack the hypnotist it's on.

YouTube you'll see me do a whole deep trance identification process with a client a student as. Captain. Jack. Sparrow right.

Are doing my my my little. Persona that. I created all right. You it's very funny.

But it you'll see it it's right. There right. You'll learn how to do that okay. We're going to give you the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design course manual which has a lot more stuff in it than what. I'm talking about and access to an online community with more than 210 active members total price for this is it's actually. Priceless. But retail is 2497.

But remember. I'm it's it's the holidays and. I don't just ever give one course because. I believe in being comprehensive.

I want you to have every skill set necessary to get the life you want the way that you want it. So if you grab your course today. I'm also going to include these special bonuses. First one is the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course now in the. First course. I just talked about it's all about working on yourself it's all about changing you changing your mind changing your body changing whatever you want about you. But what if you're a coach what if you're a mentor what if you're a a strength coach or a life coach a therapist of some kind and you want to help your clients make these kind of changes this is the course designed to help you monetize and expand your therapeutic applications and skill sets these are the and by the way.

I don't. I don't normally talk about this this um and honestly. I don't know why it ever occurred to me not to. But did you know that these techniques are used by the techniques.

I teach you and identity by. Design are all used in the. Olympics all the. Olympic swimmers um use these techniques they learned it from my my student.

Jonie. Johnson na who who credits. So many of their wins and their successes with these techniques okay. I never.

I've never talked about that. I should. But uh. But.

Jan's a great student and she's an amazing hypnotist and uh she she this has been used in the. Olympics for almost six or seven years that. I know of maybe longer um. So we're going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind you'll gain the ability to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason we'll teach you how to help your clients remove the blocks and limiting beliefs they didn't even know they had how to find and remove the hidden negativity that keep sabotaging them right.

How to clean up issues that just don't seem to go away or they go away and they come back or maybe they start at a level 10 and. Then you work on it you work on it you get it down to like a level three or four and it just doesn't go any further we'll show you how to fix that. So it goes all the way away right. We'll teach you how to resolve the negativity from your clients past.

So when they look. Back on it they can only remember in ways that make their life better too we'll teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want or the people your clients want we'll teach you instant ramp in hypnotic inductions we teach you a very powerful form of hypnotic called the gift um that will absolutely change the lives of anyone you use it with um it's again it's one of those techniques the moment a person does it they can't go back to being the same person ever again right. So this is the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want to round out your training because we want you to have every single thing you need to be successful and.

I know whether you've said it out loud or not one of the things that almost always happens is once people. Finally get their own handled they often become passionate about helping other people and that's why we in that's another one of the reasons why we included this course uh in the package because we want you to monetize these skills we want you to not only get back your investment we want you if you're if this is something you feel called to do we want you to take these skills out into the world and get paid to help other people doing it right. Now you can do it for free if you want to. But.

I demand that my hypnosis and. NLP students get paid right. Because you did the hard work you learned the. Tre up skills you deserve to be compensated for if that's something you want this is the.

Next step for you okay. Total combined value is um hold on a. Second. I think.

I got my math wrong on that one um hold on a. Second [Music] 2497. Plus 1497 39.94. I'm sorry thank you.

Seth 3,994. I can't believe. I made that mistake for. So many years yeah.

I know my isn't it funny that. I warned you about this early on. So as you can see it's actually worth more than. I'm talking about.

I'm under selling what. I'm talking about okay. So. Anyway.

So just add that extra thousand value uh to that as we go forward we're also going to include because. I know a lot of you are into manifestation. Law of. Attraction things of that that nature uh we're going to include one of my favorite programs this is something that you need no.

You don't need any prerequisites for. But if you have personality transformation and identity by. Design. You' got.

So much. Mojo to make this work it's not even funny. So this is uh hidden. Laws of.

Attraction mind magic and manifestation. Made. Easy okay. It's a $1,497 value and it's going to teach you how to systematically unlock the power of your subconscious mind to find and remove the blocks to your manifestation of health wealth and happiness that you didn't even know you had it's going to teach you how to become a money magnet it's going to show you the limiting beliefs that many people who uh repel money.

So to speak have and how you can begin to change those once and for all we're going to teach you how to influence people remotely starting with yourself to find and remove hidden negativity um clear up the issues that just don't seem to go way uh we're going to teach you and you've actually experienced level one of this the powerful new information method for programming your mind we started the the training today with that uh to attract the things you want and change what you deser what you think you deserve. G to. C how to clear the negativity from your past and probably one of the most important things and this is actually one of the reasons why uh. I'm really glad that this package includes the personality transformation training as well as identity by.

Design because hidden. Laws of. Attraction is going to show you how to in install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky did you know that naturally lucky people people who have a nervous system that is primed to scan the environment for. Lucky factors or opportunities automatically and avoid anything bad they have five psychological characteristics that they all have in common you have them too.

But it's the proportions and the activation level of activation and dominance in your system that determin how much luck you actually manifest once you understand how your nervous system begins the process of uh sorting for. Lucky experiences you can now program yourself to become more lucky it's really really cool okay. Um you can discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation ever we call this the image cycling and color breathing. Technologies these things are absolute game changers in terms of your ability to pull absolutely impossible things into your life and.

So much more there's. So much gold in this course that again if you're a law of attraction student these are things you absolutely need to understand and if you don't know them this could be the very reason why your. Law of. Attraction skills and your.

Law of. Attraction efforts aren't panning out the way you want. Total combined value. St said the total is now right.

It's $5,499. But we're not done yet okay. Like. I said.

I wanted this port program because it's the holidays because. I know what happens to people during the holidays because. I know that. New.

Year those. New. Year's resolutions are coming. But also again when thing when people hit their emotional.

Rock. Bottom this is the time of year that happens and. I wanted to do something about it okay. We're going to include some real this this is something we don't normally include this is our.

Premier conversational persuasion and influence home study course this is the stealth. CPI system and it's going to teach you how to instantly hypnotize people in normal conversations or to make them make everything you say irresistibly compelling even when they know what you're doing okay. This will give you the opportunity to to. Really charm people anytime anywhere for any reason to emotionally.

Bond and connect with anyone you meet at will on demand to control your emotional states and use them to influence other people whenever you need to okay. Uh it's going to teach you the seven most powerful neurologically active hypnotic language patterns that exist you actually learned one today at the beginning of tonight's webinar when. I gave you that information statement. I was using one of these seven patterns okay.

And you felt the effect of just that one pattern with that one sentence what if you had seven other patterns that were just as powerful and each one had a special kind of magic it did certain kinds of things in the nervous system that even when people knew you were doing it didn't matter right. When you use these on yourself you can program yourself to be do or have anything you want when you use them with other people everything you say becomes a charismatic fun uh fulfilling irresistible hypnotic experience that people just love the best part about this system is it's 1,00% ethical you will never need to lie cheat steal misrepresent coers or condemn anything or anyone any time and if you do this right. People will actually eagerly do what you say and believe you what you say for their own reasons um this to me was a total this actually this program here and these seven language patterns allowed me to go through my entire undergraduate education on writing scholarships. I was literally gifted scholarships to become the editor of the school newspaper.

I was num named uh to the. Oklahoma. All. State academic team.

I was nominated as the president. Regional president for 58 account all during college because of these patterns guys. I don't really talk about those all the things this has let me do because we'd be here forever these patterns and this system that you're that you have right. In front of you is the howto it's the action part where you have you don't have the skill set one of the big things.

I noticed with a lot of people was that they could do the. Mind programming and maybe they could take the physical actions. But when it came to communicating when it came to actually talking to people about who they are and what they wanted them to do and to get them to say yes. They didn't have the skill sets.

So. I put this in here for the specific purpose of giving you the actual communication skills necessary to get people to want to do what you want them to do okay. So this is think think of this like the outer game and everything. I've talked about.

So far is the inner game right. It's a $1,950 value. I'm gonna give this to you free a because it's the holidays. But.

I want to make sure that you have the mindset covered and you you have this skill sets covered remember. I talked about there's two reasons people don't take action they either don't want to because they don't know how to or they don't want to because they got a a headful of bad programs and limiting beliefs telling them they don't deserve it it's too much work it's too expensive you can't afford to have whatever reason we're nailing both of those that's the whole point behind this total combined value is $744. But we're not even close to done yet stay with me on this okay. Renegade reframing for those of you remember we at the beginning of tonight's webinar we talked about frame.

Wars that how anytime you interact with somebody there's a meaning behind all the behaviors and who you are and what you represent and the person who controls that frame controls the game this is how you win any frame. War both inside your mind and outside of your mind as a byproduct of this training you will have 14 different techniques to change any belief in your mind in your subject's mind in your in your counterpart's mind think about this for a moment what if for every excuse a client could come up with you had 14 different ways to change that to get them to say yes. To agree with you in an ethical honest way what if for every excuse you made not to do something or came up a reason why you were you shouldn't do something or take action you had 14 different ways to neutralize that and open up and tap into your own power and potential on demand that's exactly what this program will do for you okay. It's taught in a fun easy game likee way it's got sample templates.

So you can understand what the structure of these patterns do fact in my coaching program which we teach um we teach uh year round with one of the. First things we have people do is write down all the limiting beliefs they know about and. Then they as they're learning these patterns they have to attack all of their beliefs with each of these patterns by the time they're done their beliefs they're just completely changed their mind is. So free and.

So open and. So full of possibility ities and workarounds and and different ways of thinking about things they can't go back to being the same person anymore this is a superpower okay. This allows you to overcome any objection if people are picking on you you can. Zing them if people are trying to.

Gaslight you you can neutralize them in a. Second right. If people are trying to give you reasons why you can't do something or why you should do something you can change it all around okay. Let you win any argument change any belief in minutes including your own.

I love this course it's. So much fun um and it's one of the reasons that. I included in this package because it's all about changing you okay. So $1,950 value we're going to give this to you free total combined value hopefully my math is right.

$939 if you register before the end of the webinar okay. So let's just review really quick what. I've talked about secrets of. Personality.

Transformations 14 videos plus the manual teaches you the seven stage identity by design process it's a $2,497 value it's going to come free absolutely free we're going to give you the real world hypnosis identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification home study course valued at $1,497 we're also going to give you the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation.

Master. Class valued at $1,497 we're going to include stealth. CPI level one the universal persuasion protocol $1,950 and. Finally we're going to put the cherry on the.

Sunday. Renegade reframing how overcome any objection or change any belief instantly total value $1,950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total combined value is 9,391 if you were to go to buy these individually on the website which some of these. I don't even know if they're actually available right. Now.

I think most of them are. But they're significantly more expensive okay. So. But it's the holidays right.

And. I don't know if. I'm going to ever offer this again. So pay close attention today.

I want you to have zero excuses for making the change. I want you to have the best deal you possible you're my family you're my students these things have changed my life they continue to change my life. So you're not going to have to pay 9,391. Nay n nay we're not even we're gonna we won't even drop it 6347 right.

We're not going to make you pay 5347 right. We're not going to make you pay 334 47 or even $2,347 as you probably guessed if not hold on to your butts you can get everything we've talked about and a whole lot more for one low installment of just 9.97 or if you need a little help you can break that up into three easy payments three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.npower.com slm n that's www.lpower.com slm. N. I need you to click that link right.

Now. So you can reserve your spot and. I got some and again you trust me when. I say you really want to click this link right.

Now click it right. Now because there's some special goodies coming up that you don't want to miss out on okay. All right. And this is nothing like we've ever done before.

So you might want to do that now okay. Www. now if those voices are going off in your head well what if it's what if it doesn't work what if. I can't do it what if it takes too long what if. I have to what if it's too much work give us 60 days guys grab your course now click that link right.

Here right. Now use this course follow the instructions the way we teach it to you for a full 60 days if after 60 days hell if after 30 days you're not quickly and rapidly removing the blocks to your success you're on the fast track to creating and installing a wealth mindset if you're not automatically becoming more magnetically attractive to the people and places and opportunities you want if you're not manifesting the life of your dreams or at least making significant progress towards it as a byproduct of this training if you're not able to eliminate self-sabotage and fear and you're not feeling more more secure and confident and. Powerful guys. I'll give you your money back right.

Because if this doesn't work. I don't want your investment. But. I know this will work.

I've seen it. I've watched it. I've been teaching people how to use this for decades. I've never seen it not work okay.

Now that's a big that's a big claim prove me wrong grab your course and try to fail follow the instructions exactly the way we do it and see what happens if after 60 days you're not getting the results you want if it's if it's not as user friendly or we haven't been able to help you in the way that you need need. I'll refund your money you have absolutely zero risk absolutely zero risk here okay. If. I were selling dollars for nickels how many would you buy right.

So go to just click that link right. Now. NLP power.com www.lpower.com mind and we'll go from there okay. All right.

L says when does it start lah what do you mean by when does it start okay. If you have any questions. Mia and. Moss are alive in the chat you can reach both of them uh you can reach.

Moss at 858 let me put this in the chat for you guys you can reach. Moss at 858 282 4663 put that in the chat for everybody 858 282 4663 um you can you can email them the. Moss nlpp power.com or. Mia.

NLP power.com um highly recommend that uh if you have any questions you reach out to them directly now uh before. I go any further with this. I will tell you right. Up front that um there's going to be a rush for this okay.

And you're gonna you're if get the voicemail you got to make sure that you leave your contact information because if you leave if you call. But you don't leave your contact information and. Then we you call back tomorrow you won't qualify for any of the bonuses that we're going to get that any of these bonuses okay. So now this is a good package yes.

Okay. So if you grab your course before. December 12th 2023 not 2022 that's another typo. I missed okay.

11:59 p.m. tonight is when this offer ends we're going to include these special amazing fast action bonuses okay. Now everything. I just talked about is good until 11:59 pm tonight what. I'm about to talk about is only available until.

I log off the webinar when. I log off the webinar everything. I'm about to talk about goes away and it doesn't come back maybe never okay. So again there's two things you need to be successful you need a sense of identity and you need to take action behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated.

So for those of you who are ready to take action. I got some extra special goodies for you okay. First one is going to be the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group this is where you go from interesting information to. Unstoppable lasting transformation this is a three-month trial membership to the world's longest running.

Hands-On mentoring program it's literally uh we we get together on the. Third. Saturday of every month. I go around the room and.

I say lah what do you want to learn. Margaret what do you want to learn. Carla what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn.

Mia what do you want to learn and. I write it all on the board sign out what do you want to learn right. I look. At where they all kind of meet.

I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next 6 hours four to six hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. You will not get a certificate from.

The. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group what you will get is something far more important you will get skills you will get a community of people just like you working on the exact things you want to work on in a fun friendly non-competitive safe environment.

So you can level up. So you can take the skills from access to ownership remember you can always make more money in fact when you use these programs you will make more money try not to and notice what happens instead right. That's easy right. Paying you know making the investment that's the easy part that gives you access to this information.

But if you don't take the actions if you don't show up roll up your sleeves have people to practice on practice with those skills never quite fully mature the way that you want them to. So what we're doing for each and every person who clicks this link right. Now we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group every week every month on the. Third.

Sunday of every month we log in at 11: am. I go around the room. I figure out what you want and. I drill you guys on it.

I'll be there virtually or real time many times we actually do we do stuff live. So if you're in the. San. Diego area or the.

Los. Angeles area and you want to drive down you're more than welcome to attend live and in person right. Not only that this program has been running for 13 years we started this in. October of 2000 uh 2010 my daughter was eight months old.

I think when. I started this okay. And um we've been running it every month month after month ever since we have taped every single one of those trainings and we will make all of those recordings available to you as a byproduct of this training in other words not only will you get three months of. Hands-On training live you'll be able to binge watch the entire 13-year archive for any skill set you want to learn more about everything from dating to law of attraction to trauma resolution to accelerated learning um memory enhancement um psychic skills remote viewing energy work uh remote influence skills uh body language uh we even talk about sexuality from time to time right.

Uh. Advanced meditative practices you name it if it falls in my in my sphere of influence uh there's probably a video on it or or five in the. NLP power uh archive for the three months you're in the program you get unfitted access to that 13-year archive it's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you free because not only do we want you to have the information we want you to have a community and an opportunity to actually practice and get feedback on your techniques okay. Total value is $1,988 according to.

Seth. I should probably have people check my math from now on. I apologize guys. I keep undervaluing everything all right.

Next past action bonus stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is for the impatient people among us this is for the people who. I don't want to went spend 12 hour you know three weeks to to learn how to do this. I want to do it now well. Then get this course the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course is designed specifically for you to download tonight be hypnotizing people tomorrow right.

Just you just watch a few videos you'll come and do the manuals and read the transcripts and you'll automatically be able to go out and start using these things right. Away there's videos on instant and. Rapid inductions the seven most powerful conversation atosis language patterns that exist anchoring uh criteria values list we call hypnotic hot buttons there's a. I think there's a video in there on lie detection and there's a whole four or five video set on where.

I'm teaching a meetup on the language pattern. So you can actually see me in real time teaching other people how to do this okay. Total value is $1,985 thank you. Seth.

I gotta go back and change all my. PowerPoints now right. Uh this is a $997 value we're going to give this to you free guys it comes with manuals transcripts audios and a ton of videos okay. This is one of the most powerful programs.

I ever created it's it's still popular years after. I created it and it's yours free just to give you a fast start okay. Finally well. Finally um put a little question mark there fast action bonus number three for those of you who act right.

Now. I'm going to gift you a free. VIP identity by. Design super ticket this ticket is going to give you free adiss to one 5day identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification boot camp this is a live event folks this is where you get to come in sit in the front row do the drills and get the skills in real time you come away with a certification you can take out into the world and put to use right. Away it's five days in a room with me doing everything that. I've just talked about how to remove the negativity you didn't even know you had how to remove the safety lessons that are keeping you stuck how to install the traits qualities and character istics of people you admire how to remove that limiting voice in your head that holds you back how to dissolve all the negative energy from your past. So that you feel good about yourself again how to begin to install the traits quality characters of people that you like instant and.

Rapid inductions uh regression techniques how to do a consult that results in nine out of 10 people raising their hand to do business with you it's a 30 minute process and. I rarely have it fail. U and this is how. I built my practice to a six month to 18 month waiting list back u in my in my clinical days.

I'm going to teach it all to you in this course it comes with a full manual and um a whole lot of. Hands-On training okay. It's a $3,150 value this training is scheduled for. March 21st through the 25th 2024 uh here in.

San. Diego if you want to know more information about it you can go to. NLP power.com events total combined value if you look. At it now is $4,225.

I'm. I'm sure that's probably lower than it should be and that's only as good as long as. I'm on the webinar. Mar.

Martinez says anyone got any image cycling tips for them that for them. I'm not sure about the question all right. So what do you think guys is this a pretty good deal what do you think what would make it better besides being free which is not. Susan says it's insane.

Barbara says very good well how about [Music] this what if you know. I told you earlier that when you have a problem average people ask how smart people ask who what would it be like if you could spend three days with me doing nothing. But fixing your own under my guidance in other words this isn't a. CER what if you could just spend three days with me healing everything you want to change about yourself what do you think give your self sabotage get rid of your fears your limiting beliefs blocks to success what if you and a select group of people were just working with me guiding you step by step by step through every single process and a whole lot more because for the.

Next 15 people who click that link right. Right. Now. I'm going to give you this s special surprise bonus this is the secrets of self transformation virtual healing.

Retreat this is three days you log into a zoom room with me all it's you're it's a group training. So there's going to be 15 to 20 of you and for three days all we're going to do guys is fix your it's. January 12th through the 14th here in well it'll be virtual. So it's from the comfort of your own home.

So again what if we could step by step meditations and psychoenergetic techniques for unlocking the power of your own mind and body okay. We're going to eliminate self- sabotage heal your physical and emotional pain remove the blocks and limiting beliefs you didn't even know you had find and remove the hidden negativity in your past clear up issues that just don't seem to go away change that crappy voice inside your head resolve negativity from your past get in touch with your true self and much much more. This. Is.

Us in a small group working through your stuff together and it is my intention to work personally one on-one with each and every one of these attendees at least one time throughout those three days. So we'll be doing a lot of things together as groups. But each and every one of you may have the opportunity to actually have me work on you and fix your now why am. I doing this because a lot of people just want help and we need to give them that help the holidays are one of the hardest times for people both in terms of like getting ready for their.

New. Year's resolutions. But also this is one of the times when all your emotional baggage just comes up and this is my way of giving back this is my way of saying hey. I'm here if you need me if you're willing to invest in yourself.

I'm willing to invest in you too right. See. I can't want this more than you do. So if you're ready to level up and you want my help to do it in a different way now remember this is not a certification program identity by.

Design will do that for you this is a virtual healing. Retreat. So come in ready to work on your okay. Whatever that is right.

And. I'm going to teach you when you come away from this program. I'm going to teach you how to keep the momentum going how to work on yourself how to train yourself okay. But only for the.

Next 15 people that do this click that link right. Now okay. Www npower.com slmi. Andy click the link right.

Now if you want to be one of those 15 people right. If you have questions about that the 15 people who who sign this right. Now right. You're going to get a phone call we're going to ask you some questions just to make sure that we there you know it's safe for you to do this right.

Most of the time there isn't a problem. But. I want to make sure that this is something that can really help you okay. I'm.

I've never done this before and. I reserve the right. To to never do this again. So click that link right.

Now because when. I log off it goes away and it's only for the. Next 15 people that grabbed this now if you've already clicked the link you got it you're in okay. If you already clicked that link you got this you didn't even know you were getting it you're welcome now if for some reason you can't make it you want to give that to somebody else call us we'll talk about it okay.

Um. So let me review what your you're getting secrets of. Personality transformation uh. Ultra mind control training package secrets of.

Personality transformation plus the manual $2,497 the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 14 thou or $1,497 um the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the.

Renegade reframing how to overcome limiting beliefs and overcome objections in seconds 1009 $150 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program valued at $1,597 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational atosis crash course $997 value free you're going to get that. VIP identity by.

Design super ticket now once again remember our super tickets are pretty freaking cool okay. They don't expire. So for some reason you can't make the event in. March pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to the.

Next identity by. Design if the training sells out and you have one of these tickets and you want to go you just let us know we'll find a seat for you if you want if we raise the price to that. VIP ticket or future events and you have one of these tickets you don't pay anything you get in free no. Matter what we charge if we raise it to 72 or $7,300 you'll still get in for that.

VIP ticket if you want to gift that. VIP ticket to somebody else because you think they could use better use it than you we'll use that okay. This ticket you have it until you use it it's like the the golden ticket okay. So once again the fastest most powerful way to make these changes stick to make them permanent to own these skills is to get live and do these things in real time either me guiding you or as a group okay.

So. VIP ticket is awesome and for those of you who are ready to make some serious changes if you're ready for the. Next 10 20 30 40 years to be better than the. Last click that link right.

Now okay. It's a $2,497 value you don't even have to travel you can do this from. Zoom right. From your own home just make sure you have chocolate coffee or some caffeinated beverage something to to write on and write with and something to beat on because there may be times when you actually have to vent some emotions okay.

Okay. Uh one one other thing if you see stuff here if you want this package right. But you have a lot of the some of the stuff that's on it call. Moss or or or email.

Mia let them know they'll reach out and they'll let you as long as the price points are the same they'll let you swap out and customize the package all right. But you got to click the link right. Now right. If you want this right.

I again. I've never done this before um it's a test to see if it's something. I like and. I may you know if it works out.

I may do this two three times a year for people to get the help from me that they really need. But. I reserve the right. Right.

To never do this again. So if you're even a little bit interested click this link right. Now click it click it click it save your seat for the virtual transformation healing. Summit.

Okay. Www.lpower.com slm click the link click the link click the link. I'm gonna let you guys go ahead it's a $1,722 package you're going to get it for less than a grand $99.97 or three installments of 3.97 each click the link right. Now before it's too late okay.

Because when those 15 slots are gone they're gone when. I log off the webinar doesn't matter if those 15 slots are gone they're gone okay. So that being said it's 6:02 right. Now.

I'm going to take a seven minute break let you guys finalize yourself make whatever calls you need ask whatever questions you need when we come back we're going to circle around and we're going to customize the rest of tonight's webinar we're going to find out what you guys want want um to focus on for the rest of tonight's training and uh we'll make sure that you come away with even more powerful skills that you can begin to use right. Away to change your life for the better all right. So we'll see you at 610 click the link right. Now guys go do it all right.

Guys. I got a couple minutes left on the break. So if you have any questions that. I can answer for you.

I'm happy to do that go to www click the link right. Now guys. I know. Mia is standing by okay.

Don't let your limiting beliefs get in the way folks remember what we talked about what course uh. Natalie's asking me what course would. I recommend can you. Natalie can you elaborate on that really quick for dealing with grief dealing with grief.

I would start with um secrets of. Personality transformation if you're dealing with grief. Then you definitely want to come to the healing intensive um because. Then.

I can. I can walk you through specific processes that'll that'll get that yeah if you're the. First question. I ask is are you g to be working by yourself or are you going to be working with a person or with a with a another practitioner.

I recommend all of you if you're going to be doing self-work you start with uh secrets of. Personality transformation and the reason for that is because the entire program is designed for you to to learn how to do this stuff to yourself by yourself now the difference between the identity by. Design course and the personality transformation course even though there's a lot of overlap between them. But the focus the emphasis is different in identity by.

Design we're teaching you at a therapist level in other words we're teaching you how to go out into the world and be able to do this any time anywhere under any circumstances with a full complement of tools secrets of. Personality transformation is the same is the same training in other words if you were going to go if. I were going to teach you to be go out and do hypnosis on other people the. First two days of the training are exactly like that just like the identity by.

Design program day three is where we transition everything into self-directed transor in other words how do. I do all these things by myself on myself with a high degree of success one of the problems that people have when they try to do self- programming especially hypnotic programming is they can't they don't know how to their brain is is not focused and absorbed in the process and one of the reasons is because they don't know what they don't know they think they know what hypnosis feels like they think they know what trance is like. But they don't and because the expectation never matches the experience they wind up invalidating a lot of the processes right. So like when.

I was growing up and. I was learning self-hypnosis one of the things that um. I would do is. I'd go out and if there was something.

I wanted to work on. I'd buy self hypnosis tape and i' plug the tape in this is back when we had cassettes and stuff like that right. And. I'd be there listening listening to the tape and it be like and you're getting sleepier and you're relaxing more and more and more you can feel yourself just going deeper and deeper and.

I'd be sitting there listening to this thing now here's the thing you need to understand you go into trance every 20 minutes. Anyway right. So if the if the hypnotist talked longer than 20 minutes and he was halfway decent you probably went into trance the problem is is that going into trance doesn't feel like anything right. And.

So what happens is you're sitting there listening to this and there's a part of your brain that's trying to have the experience trying to follow the instructions there's another part of your brain saying is it working. I feel relaxed. But. I don't feel hypnotized.

I'm not sure this is working. But. I'm relaxed right. And.

So all these little voices all these little parts of your your neurology are are having this conversation while you're listening to this hypnosis tape now like. I said before if the the guy doing the induction even if they're reading a script was halfway decent you probably went into some level of. Trance the problem is you didn't know it because you didn't know what trance was supposed to feel like and it didn't match your expectation. But that's not even the worst part the worst part is is what are you doing in your head while you're in trance is this working.

I don't think. I'm hypnotized. I think this is right. You're rehears ing doubt in trance right.

That's that's the experience of the average person who learns to to tries to do self- hypnosis the old school way. So. I decided many many years ago if. I was going to teach people how to be good self at self- hypnosis.

I would teach them to be good hypnotists. First being the subject being hypnotized many many times hypnotizing other people many many times and. Then showing them how to do that to themselves because once those pathways are locked in. Then it's much easier to create any phenomena that you want right.

If you've ever done the energy spinning or the color breathing or the. Magic. Frame that's full-blown trans phenomenon. But because you do it.

So easily you don't realize you're in trance. But it's all trans okay. And you'll understand the ins and outs of all that mostly through identity by. Design.

But a lot of it's covered also in personality transformation. So for people who are dealing with grief and and those really heavy duty emotions and you're working by yourself start with personality transformation right. For those of you grabbing that package remember you're going to get to work with me. So you could almost think of the healing intensive like a review for the home study courses that you've done and.

Then when you do the certification in. March you've got you're just. G to be nuclear with these skills okay. But for most of what you want to do you want to start with secrets of.

Personality transformation which is exactly the order that. I gave them to you. So. I know that was a little bit of long drawn out uh explanation.

But. I wanted you to kind of understand the rationale behind the different courses okay. Most people who who who come to play. David are looking for a.

Do-it yourself solution they're looking for things that they can do forsel by themselves and we give you as many tools as we can for that. But there's going to be things there's going to be things that you just need a partner to handle right. And. So we give you ways to graduate and step up.

So you get the help that you need at whatever level you can afford for or willing to invest in yourself right. Remember your neurology is highly invested in making you stay the same and it's going to generate all kinds of reasons why you shouldn't do something why because it wants to stay the same doesn't matter what your neocortex wants if your autonomic nervous system uh has to choose between staying the same which is safe or something better which is potentially not safe right. So you have to you have to have enough understanding and wherewith all to recognize those icky. Naggy voices giving you all the reasons why you can't or shouldn't do something and do something different right.

That's why. I went through that whole that whole speech sort of well lesson really at the beginning of the training because those voices are always. First of all there's always going to be a battle going on in your mind and it's not your fault okay. You have a system that's designed to process information.

But you're constantly being bombarded by all of these other exterior agencies trying to make you feel bad trying to make you feel bad about yourself. So you'll take an action to fix it. So you'll measure up advertising agencies news agencies governmental agencies are all trying to make you feel like. So you'll perform and behave in a predictable manner part of the process of becoming a self-actualizing human being is becoming progressively more self-aware and changing making different decisions when the same things come up right.

Does that make sense. I don't. I don't. I hope you're you're.

I hope you're receiving this in the spirit for which it's intended. I'm not just talking to. Natalie now. I'm talking to all of you right.

There will always be people trying to hold you back there will always be people telling you all the reasons why you shouldn't do something remember this is something. I learned in my spirituality classes when people do not want to change they have to to create an enemy right. So you have to make yourself strong and healthy. First and.

Then decide who's worth your time and energy to help them change to the degree that they want to do that being said our break is now quite over. So you tell me guys what do you want to learn what do you want to focus on. Logan. Merill says yes.

That make you feel like it's military basic. Yeah by tearing down and eroding your self-esteem and your self-worth and your self-image and your self-concept you become increasingly more reliant on the approval of other people and their values. So you subvert your own beliefs and values to to live up to this other person's expectations the spiritual path the set the path of self-actualization is actually one where you become progressively more antisocial my face reading teacher. Lillian bridges used to say one of the the aspects of grow of of an evolving spiritual person is the ability to do what's right.

For them in the face of overwhelming social pressures okay. So many times as you start to evolve the things that you know are right. For you will be directly contraindicated to the things your family wants for you your religion wants for you the government wants for you and you have to develop that fortitude and strength to be your own person and walk your own path right. And that's the work that's why nothing is free what are you willing to give up to be that person right.

What are you willing to invest in yourself to be that person it it's not and it's not. I'm going to tell you right. Up front. I'm going to be blatantly transparently honest with you it's not a oneandone thing this pattern is going to happen iteratively throughout your entire life because that's how you level up you have to have the discernment to decide okay.

What's the right. Approach for me right. What's right. For me right.

And as you do that you become the person and it's never about the destination it's about the process okay. So uh let's see here mental strength and internal protection practic yes. Very good all right. So as a group what do you guys want to spend the.

Next 45 minutes or. So on what do you guys want to want to learn about you want to resolve both you want to get over you want to clear some you want to uh add more pers. M uh persuasion. Mojo you want to remove blocks to success dissolve procrastination type in the chat the top three things you want to focus on for the rest of tonight's webinar and.

I'll. I'll do my best to deliver that content for you go ahead and do that persuade okay. What's the three days for the virtual it's a healing it's a healing intensive. I got the idea from.

Brent b many many years ago. So let's see here uh uh word salad persu self- persuasion okay. Persuasion you guys all want to persuade is that that what this is about did our did our how to reprogram your subconscious mind become a persuasion seminar all of a sudden okay. Um to answer.

Matthew's question really quick the virtual healing. Summit is three days and it's just our small group with me guiding you through group processes group transor group exercise designed to clear up your this isn't where you're going to go out and do this with other people this is specifically this is specifically to help you get get better right. To heal value. X okay.

We're getting. So we have one for. Val you all want to do persuasion well. So.

Susan remember you can break that up into installments and it's 997 not 987 right. Guys if you need extra help or if you have questions about payment plans just just call. Moss right. If we can if we can work out something for you we will okay.

Um all right. All right. Well what what. I'm seeing a lot of is is is languaging all right.

You guys want to learn some language patterns would that help okay. So what we'll do is. I will teach you. I will teach you a language pattern and.

Then. I will use it in a transformation technique. So you have the experience of both that'd be cool. So um.

Robert. Williamson raised his hand. But. I don't [Music] see okay.

Genius all right. So um. So here. I have seven different.

P. I have a lot of different patterns. I could teach you tell you what let's do this let's learn one language installation pattern and one reframe one or two reframe patterns. So you can use them on limiting beliefs would that be cool okay.

So um you've already learned one pattern today at the beginning of today's webinar we talked about um. I now. X because blank right. That pattern is called the cause and effect pattern anytime you use the word because in a sentence it triggers the belief processing system in the human mind you notice.

I didn't say brain because who we are is a combination of the brain and the mind all beliefs are stated in cause and effect terms. So let me find my language patterns may actually have to pull up a different notebook. I was not expecting to teach language patterns today of all things all right. You know what.

I'll just open up a new page and we'll start from scratch let me go to your screen. So we're going to talk about the cause and effect language pattern. So the. First thing you need to understand is that what does this language pattern do.

First thing it mirrors the structure of internal belief what does that mean when people talk about the things they believe they say it in cause and effect terms. So if. I go up to somebody like. Logan or.

Dorene or chainsaw or. Mia and. I say hey tell me something you believe and they say something like. I believe that.

I believe that your body your choice okay. I look. At them and. I say.

I use the magic word because and they say because. I think people should have a right. To to do with their bodies what they want okay. So when.

I asked. M. Mia what she or or. Mia or any of people what they believe they told me um my body my choice.

But she didn't tell me she didn't give me the because she didn't tell me why she believed that or he believed that right. When you have somebody says. I do. X because you now have what we call a full belief statement when you speak to people in this structure their neurology will process it with the same degree of certainty and matter of fatness as a belief okay.

That's the high level understanding of this functionally what it allows you to do it allows you to make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the mind of a subject and here's the big one even if those things have absolutely nothing in common or to do with each other you guys following me me with this one pattern if. I if. I use it right. The person hearing it will automatically process whatever comes out of my mouth with the same degree of trust and certainty as something they believe if.

I understand how to build these things effectively. I can take any two things that. I want and. Link them together in a way that makes perfect sense to the neurology and can be completely.

BS okay. You guys want to play a little bit as you begin to really understand the power of cause and effect you're actually going to begin to be able to use these patterns better and as you use these patterns better you'll rapidly find yourself making all kinds of opportunities to use them and that seems like a perfectly plausible idea right. Type your answer in the. Chat sign not went to sleep.

Laura. Thompson says yes. Appears okay. So.

First of all can you remember what. I said word for word can you remember what. I just said the answer will be no. Why because one of the byproducts of this kind of language pattern training is anybody hearing them will have spontaneous amnesia for the exact words they use.

But didn't what. I say make perfect sense didn't it sound like yeah that's right. Didn't your brain go just yeah right. But let me ask you a question how does me saying and doing anything in tonight's webinar give you the ability to do anything now a little that's right.

It doesn't. But you didn't even think to question it until. I challenged you on right. You just accepted it like oh yeah that makes sense and that's all your brain cares about it doesn't have to be true it just has to be plausible and that's the superpower of the cause and effect pattern is that when you use it properly your brain just goes okay.

And because you once once we give you the structure of it you can make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener right. And because you question everything. Jax you'll often miss the most important pieces that would happen if you simply stopped questioning and allowed yourself to just accept it wholeheartedly and that makes sense doesn't it. So as you find yourself just not questioning you'll simply allow yourself to accept what you need to hear in a way that works for you and that's just how it's supposed to be right.

How many people's eyes. Are crossing fair enough okay. So cause and effect. So let's do this a little bit just for fun.

So words in this category because causes allows makes triggers um makes oh. I did that already um generates um creates okay. So there's many many words in the cause and effect category stimulates very good. Michael.

So the idea here now is. I want you to take these words and. I want you to write three sentences for structure in other words just to get the structure and the structure is going to be the blank pattern word blank. So for example.

The. Voice creates powerful meanings right. Structurally it's correct if you look. At what we've done the voice can you verify that there's a voice that you're hearing is it creating yes.

What's it creating powerful meanings. So this is what we call um a truism. So when you want to create very powerful language patterns the. First part of your statement should always be something that's true.

Then you follow it with the pattern word and. Then what you want it to cause. So if. I follow this basic idea now the in your for those of you in who get this when you get the stealth.

CPI course you'll see this structure written as. X causes y x is always something that is true or like to say a true. ISM right. Your why is always what we call a lead in other words it's something we want the person to do right.

So. I want you to just take this this little group of words and just using this simple using this simple structure. I just want you to write out some patterns just for structure and post one or two of them in the chat the. FED stimulates the economy very good.

Michael. So. Margaret's asking is the hypnotherapy by. Design certification applicable to getting a license as a practitioner in ma um what's.

Ma. I'm gonna say no. But. I don't know what.

Ma is. So let me make this a little bit smaller. So it fits on the page master of arts possibly. I don't know.

I don't. I'm gonna. I'm gonna go out here and say that the certification will be probably recognized by any other hypnosis organization or maybe even some. NLP organizations it's probably not going to be recognized for any kind of continuing education credits language patterns can intoxicate the mind yeah that would work licens as a practitioner in what area as.

M it's an honest question okay. Oh language patterns can intoxicate the. Mind absolutely you can get you can get hypnotically drunk really quick on these patterns. I'm you guys writing any you guys uh typing up you guys want to learn language patterns show me what you got told you this was not going to be a standard webinar.

So. Jax is saying when you fix the beliefs that keep the negative feelings coming back you'll automatically start to feel changing because you're be listening to me okay. I think. I.

I. I jumped into. Susan's solid there you automatically start to feel better very good. Susan says because you bear listen you are listening to me speak your brain is developing and changing very nice all right.

So for those of you who wanted to play word salad if you want to get really good at just spewing these patterns you could literally just start creating random sentences and put them in the form of a narrative this is called word salad. So for example because you're understanding how to create and u ize this language pattern it causes you to understand the power of your own language allowing you to make very powerful very direct suggestions that the nervous system absolutely has. Zero. Effect or zero percent chance of resisting and that's going to trigger people to think the way you want and behave and take the actions that generate the results you're looking for in life and that's going to create more and more opportunities generating even more.

OPP more skill and ability in yourself triggering you to go on to bigger and better things making your life even more fun and exciting allowing you to experience everything you truly want to experience and that will cause you to be really glad that you grabbed everything we were offering on this webinar because you know it's time to change your life right. So the idea behind word salad is you you take the a random list of words in a specific category and you recalibrate your language centers okay. But you have to. First understand the structure of what you're doing.

So just to review on the on the language pattern side of things okay. When we when. I teach language patterns there's a specific way that we teach them and it's not by listening to them if you try to learn language patterns by listening to them the. First thing that's going to happen is you're going to go into a profound.

Trans. State and you're. G to blank out okay. This is why did literally when.

I was. First doing this it took. Me years to un to learn how to learn hypnotic language patterns. I.

I probably had two years of false starts until. I realized the magic to learning hypnotic language is to write hypnotic language read hypnotic language and speak hypnotic language not listen to hypnotic language okay. See. I said that happens to me listening to the.

YouTube videos yep right. Because again these are to me these are life skills these are things we should be using all the time to be the benefactors and the good guys the good. Jedi of the world okay. So um and again for those of you uh who get the stealth when you get when when you open your stealth.

CPI uh conversation hynosis home study course um this training will be there in a whole lot more okay. So is this fun is this useful okay. Good all right. So um just a quick reminder because we're you know we're burning through time here one of the things you got to watch out for when you start playing with language you got to make sure you have lots of uh uh chocolate or anything with high levels of glucose in it as well as.

Cafe caffeine because you will go into a profound. Trans. State. So the surf stimulates my power all day all right.

You guys are crazy all right. Uh you guys having fun though you guys learning some stuff oh it's. Nick it's absolutely true that was again thank. God for.

Kenrick that when. I when. I went through his max persuasion course many many years ago if it wasn't for uh the training. I got from him.

I would still be struggling today with with the language patterns because of what he gave me. I was able to go. So deep that it it pervades everything okay. You guys are you guys are good all right.

So once again for those of you um if you're on the fence and you want to fix some you want my help to do it the healing intensive is where you want you got to click this link right. Now because when. I log off it goes away the whole package for the holidays goes uh secrets of. Personality transformation ultr mind control training home study course plus the manual $2,497 value the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value absolutely free we're going to give you the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Master.

Class $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free um um hold on a. Second um we're also going to give you the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol basic training by at $1,950.

Value we're going to give that to you free. Renegade reframing how to overcome objections and change beliefs during normal conversations in seconds $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the three-month trial right.

It's a uh $1,597 program okay. So. Logan's asking what if you have some of the courses in the packages if you have some of the courses in the package you need to give. Mia or.

Moss a phone call and what they will let you do is if you can find other products in our catalog that are of equal or lesser value we let you swap out the courses you already have. So you can customize the package. So there's no. Duplication that's something we always do uh when people have duplicates okay.

One thing. I do want to remind you that this offer is for firsttime buyers only. So we will still give you a discount if you've bought webinar packages in the past. But there will be a slight difference in the the prices uh because what's been happening is people have been buying they've been kind of hacking our system a little bit.

So again if you're a first-time buyer this this may never come again if you're if you bought a webinar package before um you'll still get a discount. But it won't be quite as as as deep as the um the one we're offering here okay. So just putting that out there because they keep telling me that. I have to say that uh and we do have checks and balances in place people will be reaching out to talk to you.

So uh and if you have questions about whether you qualify or not reach out to. Moss at 858 282 4663 that's 858 282 4663 and um welcome to. Jamal. Pit by the way who became our newest gold member on the membership program uh.

So the other people are. Mastermind mentoring program program $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free um you're also going to get the stealth instant conversation nois crash course $997 value and. Then the identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification super ticket $3,150 value and.

Then again the the virtual self- transformation virtual healing intensive it's $2,497 value again these. Last four bonuses the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program the stealth instant conversational nois crash course the.

VIP identity by. Design and the self transformation virtual healing intensive they go away when. I log off the webinar there's only 15 of these tickets available. Anyway.

So again if you're on the fence click the link right. Now because when it's gone it's gone and. I'm gonna. I'm.

G to devote my entire set of resources to the for those three days to the people who ready to clear some it's going to get intense. So if you're if if you're serious about making change click that link right. Now www.lpower.com www.lpower.com slm. HTTP www.lpower.com mimd.

Okay. Click those links right. Now before it's too late guys okay. Okay.

Let's go on to the. Next piece. So the. Next piece we're going to talk about is reframing and one of the things we need to understand about um changing beliefs is that there's a structure and if we change the structure of the belief or we break apart the structure of the belief the belief itself can't stand.

So one of the things one of my favorite reframes is called a redefine a redefine. A lot's asking can. I do it over the phone with moss yes. Call.

Moss at 85828 24663 um if you get the voicemail because there's the phone's ringing off the hook. Down here um if you get the voice mail leave your name number and contact information. So that when we call you back you will qualify for the bonuses if you don't leave your contact information and you try to contact us tomorrow you won't qualify for the bonuses. But if you can't get through and you do leave your contact information that will count as you raising your hand and saying.

I want this okay. Um. Mia says you can also email her at. Mia nlpp power.com.

I didn't answer your question about coffee and why it matters because what happens is your brain goes into overwhelm and you start processing blood sugar and ctis and uh all your other brain juices really really fast. So you need to be able to maintain awareness while your brain is working at a higher rate of speed okay. Okay. So oops that didn't work out quite the way.

I planned it hold on a. Second. I managed to uh click out of my my. PowerPoint not that we really need it right.

Now. But all right. So let's talk about um reframing. So the.

First reframe. I like to teach is called the redefin structure of a redefine it's not. X it's y right. So in order for us to really get the value of this we have to understand that all beliefs are stated in cause and effect terms okay.

So you remember. I was talking about the it's my body my choice right. So someone. So.

I'll. I'll simplify the belief and say. I believe people have the right. To do what they want with their bodies that's that would be the effect words when someone says.

I believe people should have the right. To do what they want with their bodies that's the effect that's the why statement we don't know why they believe that we need to we need to elicit the cause which is the. X. So.

I would. I would use a simple. I would actually just say because and they would say because a person's body is their property okay. So if we were to look.

At this in. X and. Y our. X is because a person's body is their property.

I believe people should have the right. To do what they want with their body. So now. I've elicited at.

The. X side of the belief and. I've elicited the. Y side of the belief and.

I can redefine. I can redefine the x or the. Y or both. So here's an example let's say.

I'm going to apply a redefine which is it's not. X it's. Y and. I want to attack the.

X we'll start we'll just go linearly. I want to attack the. X part of their belief the reason why they believe they believe. So the verse says.

I because a person's body is their property and. I could say well it's not that a person's body is their property it's that a person's body is the property of. God who gave it to them and it's sacred and. Therefore this is why bodies shouldn't be be desecrated that way or.

I could say maybe it's not because the body is a person's property. But because it's about personal freedom right. So you see how. I've taken their because and.

I've changed it to something else and what you may notice is as. I was saying that your brain kind of went yeah that makes sense did anybody notice that yes. Or yes. Doren says.

I need chocolate yes. Yes. You do. Doren.

But it's not that you need chocolate it's that your your brain needs blood sugar and you're just thinking chocolate is the fastest most desirable way to get that right. And when you think about it like that doesn't it just make sense to to maybe find something a little healthier that might be better for you than the chocolate dorina is now smiling. So. Dorene when.

I said that what happened in your mind see. Jaxon is like yeah black cat see now all of a sudden she's thinking about chocolate. Alternatives right. But did.

I tell her she was wrong or that she did. I did. I make her feel wrong or like an idiot or like just beat her into rhetorical submission in any way no. It was done in a very gentle conversational by the way you know it's not just that maybe it's not.

X it's actually y could that be true yeah. So remember that every time somebody. States a belief there's two there's two places is you can attack you can attack the reason they have the belief or you can attack the belief itself. L says no.

It felt cool in general right. So. I'm just gonna to tell you what we're gonna do. So what we're gonna do now is.

I just want uh we'll just do two. I'm have post some uh post some beliefs and. Then. I'll just throw out some reframes for you and.

Then we'll reverse it. I'll put out some beliefs and. Then you do the refr. So go ahead and type in you just type.

Jax has had twoo much coffee tonight well. Jax maybe it's not that you've had too much coffee it's that you've got way too much energy for that coffee to compensate for right. Or maybe it's not that you had too much coffee it's that you haven't had enough because sometimes when you get really really tired you feel wired even though your body's kind of needs more juice could that be true oh crap. I need to go to the gym okay.

So lucky one uh let's go for the. X. Breakdown okay. We said that uh how about some of my.

YouTubers you guys got anything for me belief juice is unhealthy okay. Saul. So juice is unhealthy because. So well because sugar swells the brain well you know maybe it's not that.

Sugar swells the brain. So much as some people just can't tolerate. High degrees of juice maybe it's the fiber maybe it's some other thing that unless unless the juice is fresh squeezed right. Um let's see here.

Santa. Claus isn't real well you know it's not because why do you believe. Santa. Claus isn't real oh.

Anthony serson and asking with reframing would you give causes to back support oh yes. Believe me the the the reframe is actually the opening. Salvo see one of the things that happens when you when you hit somebody with a reframe and. I don't mean that metaphorically although you can collaberate people over the head.

But what happens is it actually creates a pattern interrupt to their thought process and in that that cognitive space where they're having like you'll see a lot of times when you deploy this people give you like this little. Double. Take right. In that window their brain goes into a momentary state of confusion that makes them hypers suggestible.

So when you come in with the. Next part of the reframe it goes in like because it's usually stated in cause and effect terms it goes in like a belief and they just take that that train of thought and follow it in that direction it's really cool right. So. Saul's saying maybe it's not that.

Santa isn't real that. Santa is a yield tied state of mind and an active giving well maybe it's not that. Santa isn't real it's that he exists as a an energetic presence that embodies us at certain times of the year that causes us to behave in ways that are in harmony with that vibrational. Avatar maybe it's not that maybe it's not that.

Santa is not real it's that we've overlooked who. Santa truly is right. Right. You can naturally have more fun with it and.

KF. I don't know what that means. But do you see how did all these did anything did did anything. I say sound outlandish and did you say like oh yeah that could be true right.

And that's how you know a reframe is good right. L feels merry okay. Good well that's a loaded statement. Daran says no.

Totally plausible yes. Right. And again there's 14 different patterns that you can do individually. But you can also stack them like some of the things you were asking there was another pattern.

I wanted to use. But. I wanted to stick specifically with u the redefined pattern to me the to me. So many of the actual core 14 patterns are variations of the redefine that if you can really to redefine you've got a chunk of the others this is quickly and natur becoming my least favorite pattern now lucky one is asking how can you redefine someone to feel safe or lucky okay.

So uh lucky one give me a give me a belief give me give me a belief statement that implies someone someone is not feeling safe or lucky okay. Now remember everything. I'm teaching you is in your program in the in the package we're offering. I'm just giving you little sample platters of what's in the in the full package right.

There's 14 different ways to do this. So. I'm waiting for lucky to give me his belief statement. So.

I can. I can show oh wait it wasn't lucky it was uh it was lucky can read to find someone to feel safe. So let's say someone's like someone's like you know um. I don't like to go out because it's just not it just doesn't feel safe well you know maybe it's not that go it's going out that's the problem maybe it's just the people you're going out with right.

Or it's not going out that's the problem it's how you're thinking about it that's the problem and if you think about it differently you'll feel differently and that'll make things a lot more safe for you right. Um okay. So lucky one saying. I feel unlucky sometimes when.

I try to take an action and it doesn't go my way well maybe it's not that you're being unlucky because it's not going your way. But you're actually becoming luckier because that smaller insignificant run of bad luck is saving you from something bigger like one time. I was talking to my uh one of my my colleagues the other day and he was talking about the worst day he ever had he was supposed to get on a uh on this flight to uh this really important meeting and everything bad happened and he wound up missing his flight and he was. So upset and he got home and he turned on the news and he found out that the plane he was supposed to be on crashed and if he had been on that plane he'd have been killed.

So a lot of times we think that um you know what seems to be unlucky is unlucky when in reality it's saving us from something worse. So maybe it's not that you're unlucky it's that. God has a higher plan for you does that make sense it's. So weird just have just sitting here waiting for the chat to.

Lucky. One says yeah thank you right. Right. But do you see now how the moment you have the redefine now you you have an opportunity to build an entire frame and an entire story that's a different spin or perspective on the thinking process the person and you can do this to yourself right.

This is one of the most powerful things you can do when. I have my persuasion students are learning this the. First person they use this on is themselves right. So if you lik to even a little bit of what we've just done click that link right.

Now get yourself into the healing intensive get access to the. Renegade reframing course get access to the stealth. CPI instant conversation hypnosis crash course and the full three-day training and really start making the changes right. This is this is again who would you never try this pattern on um.

I don't think there isn't anybody. I wouldn't try this on if it was appropriate to do. So. So.

Natalie s says thank you. David 257. UK. God bless you.

Natalie. God bless you thanks. So much for hanging out. I'm glad you're.

I hope you're joining us um all right. Um. So now before we go. I got.

I got a couple minutes. So let me just remind you this is the the. Second to. Last call for this.

So um oops don't mind me. I have to scroll through my. PowerPoint because. I jumped out of it okay.

So once again for those of you on the fence secrets of. Personality transformation ultimate mind control training home study course uh it's a $2,497 value if you want to program yourself and transform yourself by yourself that's where you go you're ready to monitor those skills and step up and out into the world and make money doing these skills the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study courses uh $1,497 value hidden. Laws of.

Attraction uh manifestation. Mastery home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you free the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free uh.

Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to going to getm mentoring program $1,597 value. Hands-On trial membership uh again we're going to give it to you free stealth instant conversation osis crash course $997 value free we're going to give you the. VIP super ticket to the identity by. Design 5day hypnotherapy certification in.

March 2024 their $3,150 value we're going to give that to you free and. Finally you're going to get the opportunity to spend three days with me in a small group fixing all the that's been holding you back for all the right. Reason for all the wrong reasons and getting right. With the world it's a $2,497 value you can attend from the privacy of your own home it's a small group it goes away when.

I log off the webinar total package value for tonight and tonight only $16,728 value you can get it all for one low installment of $99.97 all you got to do to get yours is click that link at the lower part of your screen www.lpower.com click the link click the link link click the link because this could be the one and only time you get a chance to get in a room with and by the way just to give you some perspective if you wanted a private session with me you can ask. Moss it's $33,000 for a private session with me okay. So. But if you want if you want to work with me this is how you do it okay.

So click that link right. Now www.lpower.com mind all right. Let's look. At your uh.

Anthony. Anderson says. I am developing the skills to better myself and those. I encounter allowing for fun pleasurable events to happen everywhere.

I go perfect. I don't know why you're saying that. Anthony. But.

I'm glad um what are the email addresses for questions if you have questions you can email. Mia. NLP power.com or. Moss.

NLP power.com yeah. So. So uh the phone number again right. Now the phones are pretty full.

But he is available be by email okay. All right. So um here's my here's what we're going to do now. I want you to give me a reframe.

I'm gonna speak a reframe out and what. I'll what. I'll do is. I'll share my screen and um.

I'll type it out. So you can see it. But. Then.

I want you to start posting your redefines in the chats. So let's start with simple one you don't talk to me means you don't love me. So redefine it. So in order begin the redefine you have to figure out what's the cause what's the effect or at least recognize one piece of it and.

Then it's not. X it's y it's not that your. X it's not it's y it's not it's not i y it's iix right. So again just test type it in the chat.

Susan. Miller says. I've been in a room with. David working on my stuff definitely a good thing thank you.

Susan lucky says just because a boss doesn't talk to his assistant from time to time doesn't mean he doesn't love her oh there's a loaded statement lucky. Jack says it's not that. I don't love you. I've been very busy healing myself son not says it's not that it means.

I don't love you it's that. I love you. So much. I'm making money.

I'm out making money and you and. I can spend yes. Very good. So you guys got this right.

You see one of the things about the reframe patterns is on the surface they seem complicated. But the truth is you've been using them in one form or another your whole life it's just nobody ever codified them and taught them in a way that came easy. So. Barbara.

Turner says it's not that. I don't love you. I've just been to the dentist boom excellent. Barbara very good.

Bingo how many times did. I tell. Terry that sheesh yep guys you guys are good all right. Here's a little harder one cancer causes death come on guys you got this.

Jesse says it's not that. I'm ignoring you. I'm just thinking very good excellent son says it's not that cancer causes death it's that people are unaware of how their bodies really operate as a whole very good. Jack says it's not that cancer causes death it's because you don't do the healing work that will stop it okay.

Very nice. Eric chainsaw says just because you don't feel love doesn't mean it's true okay. But um uh chainsaw this is not technically a redefine remember that the structure of a redefine is it's not. X it's y or it's it's not that.

X it's that y right. So try to keep to the when you're. First learning this. I'm a bit of a.

I'm a bit of a fascist on structure once you internalize the perspective or the attitude of each of the patterns it becomes much easier to generate them right. So s says maybe it's not that cancer causes death it's the lack of adequate treatment shortens life excellent s very good um son says it's not that cancer causes death it's that death is inevitable and how you go out is determined by how you live your life okay. Structurally correct um. Matthew says it's not that cancer causes death it's really that cancer is a severe warning sign to get help um you just want my money try that one cancer doesn't always cause death it can reverse okay.

That would be a count that. Jesse that that. Jesse beta that redefine that that pardon me. First day with the new mouth that pattern that you're using is not a redefine it's called a counter example okay.

It is in the training. But it's not the one we're using um it's not that it's structurally correct it's that. I'm building the structure in. First very good signon very good right.

So you can see can you see how this could be fun if you got if you got a bunch of people around a card table and one person threw out a belief and the other people just spent kept throwing zingers out we actually incorporate in. Renegade reframing game in your course there's in the manual there's actually a card game that you can print out and cut into cards and you can actually sit around and throw beliefs at each other and just just keep zinging each other we we we tested this at at the live trainings people love it. Susan says it's not that. I just want your money it's that.

I want you to improve your health excellent. Anthony it's not that cancer causes death it's a reminder to appreciate the time you have your course is too expensive and. I don't believe it'll work we call it the reframe game. Jesse it's it's it's it's included as part of the.

PDF manual that you get with. Renegade reframing. So let's see here um it's not that cancer causes death it's just some it's just something told someone told another that got you to believe it's true okay. It's not that cancer causes death it's the treatments can cause a take toll on your body excellent.

It's not that cancer causes death it simply forces you to live in a healthier manner yes. Excellent. I don't believe in cancer. I love you through your journey okay.

Technically not the redefine we're going for lahti okay. I don't believe in cancer. I'll love you through your journey it's not a redefine okay. Um in fact it's not a reframe at all um you could say it's not the it's not the cancer that kills people it's the belief that cancer kills people that kills people and.

I'll love you through your journey okay. Lucille says it's not that. I just want your money. I want everybody's [Laughter] money s maybe it's not that it's too expensive work.

But that it's previous students have made big gains with this course and it took. A great deal of time and effort and both of those factors into its value. Susan says it's not that the course is too expensive it's that you need to invest in yourself in order for you to get the results that you want right. Sinot says it's not that it's too expensive and it won't work it's that you got to know how much you're worth both monetarily and the work you're willing to put in excellent.

I don't need to learn. NLP to be successful you see how fast these things start to flow. So. Barbara says the course is less than an iPhone and since it has a refund guarantee there's nothing to lose very nice.

Barbara very good. So is this is this fun it's not that you don't need. NLP to be successful. But it works very well yes.

It's not the money it's the skills there you go chainsaw it's not that learning. NLP will will or won't make you successful it's that you do with what you have and the difference makes the difference excellent maybe you don't need. NLP to be successful. But your success could improve substantially with.

NLP okay. It's it's kind of in the that one's kind of in the ballpark uh again you could probably get away with it. But. I would for training sa.

I would stick more with it's not that you don't need. NLP to be successful. But your success with. NLP will will improve dramatically when you use it all right.

You guys rock this right. Now let me ask you a question as you were doing this what happened to your beliefs about the subject uh. Maddy's asking hello. David.

I just joined how long will the webinar offer be open. I need to wait for my husband to come home before. I purchase okay. So mat uh since you were you came late let me just explain there's a really big package okay.

The fast action bonuses and the healing intensive are only a available until. I log off tonight's webinar. However the the main package is available until 11:59 p.m. tonight if you know you want this package. I would call.

Moss or email. Mia right. Now give them your contact information and if we process your order either while. I'm on the webinar or before the end of tonight.

Then we'll extend we can do that right. But if again um we've never done the healing intensive before uh. So that's. I know for a fact it's probably full already.

But go for it uh let's see lucky. David is the best lucky one says it's not that your course is too expensive it's just. I don't believe my money will work out for you for your budget okay. I just my that one is a massive confusion induction oh yes.

It can and they'll give you redirects for your husband like kid don't listen to me. I'm not [Laughter] married okay. All right. Guys hey if you want more click the link this is the.

Last call right. And this is uh oh. Rob's coming to the. US for training.

Finally. Mr. Ryder you're showing up for a training all right. All right.

Do you guys have fun you learn some cool stuff all right. In the words of the immortal cell brunette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time click the link we have to say.

So long good night. God bless. I had a ball with you guys tonight this stuff is always always fun it will change your mind it will change your life and everything changes from there good night take care. God bless click that link before it's too late take care.
