Title: 2023-02-01 Face Reading Webinar How can I read people and influence their behavior?
File Name: EjaNz6-8uA8.txt
Video Id: EjaNz6-8uA8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjaNz6-8uA8

Hey everyone out there in. YouTube land this is. Dr. David.

Snyder checking in with you we'll be starting in about the 26 minutes give or take if those if you're brand new to our. Channel. I want to just remind you that our webinars tend to run a little long. So you're going to want a few things to get the most out of tonight's webinar.

First and foremost you're going to want things to write down or write with. Second of all you're going to want lots of caffeinated. Beverages and lots of dopamine and oxytocin facilitating substances to get you through the webinar and allow you to have the greatest degree of neuroplasticity the ability to rapidly learn um as much as humanly possible um there are three ways that you're going to have to get your questions answered tonight one is of course obvious you can type it in the chat if. I see it in the chat and it's relevant to the point in the webinar that we're at.

I'm happy to answer it. However if it is not if it's going to take us down a bunny trail. I reserve the right. To answer it at a.

Later time when it is relevant and or through a different medium which brings us to the. Next two pieces hey if for some reason. I do not answer your question on the chat. Then all.

I need you to do is ask one of my veterans from veteran players from planet. David um and they'll. Point them out to you as we go through the webinar uh and they'll happy to answer your questions as well if that's still not enough you still want a personal answer from me when this video goes. Live on.

YouTube all you need to do is go to the comments section beneath the video type in your question and. I make it a point to check the comments in each of my videos uh every every three or four times a day when. I see your question. I will happily answer it and.

I will point you in the direction of a relevant resource for you to to test out or to learn from okay. So those are the three ways you can get your questions answered um please uh maintain some level of decorum in the chat you know we get people wanting attention from different reasons all the time let's stay focused tonight on the content of tonight's webinar the discussions about the contents of tonight's webinar try not to go off on tangent if you want to get the most out of this right. Once again if you're used to the classical webinar strategy where you come in and for 90 minutes you hear pitch after pitch after pitch after pitch um you're probably going to be a little surprised and maybe a little dismayed because a our webinars don't fit neatly into a 90-minute segment we tend to give you very powerful very solid actionable content things you can go out into the world right. Away and test and.

So you're going to want to stay on all the way to the end of course there's an offer connected to this particular class there always is because we always want to give you a way to level up your skills if that's something you feel you want to do. So that being said uh we'll be back in uh 4. P.M. Pacific.

Time ready to kick some butt and learn about the power of face feeding and what your face actually reveals uh we'll see you very very soon all my love to all of you please feel free to have conversations ask questions in the chat and uh we'll talk to you very soon. God bless hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David.

I want to welcome you to uh secrets of face reading webinar let me go ahead and just kind of uh get everything. I'm operating two uh channels here at the same time. So just uh bear with me here that's good excellent. So um before we begin just go ahead and type your name in the chat and if you're where you're checking in from and if you're a.

First timer in. Planet. David go ahead and type that in the chat and we'll get this show on the road cool there's. Tim from.

Dallas long timer perfect and we got. Ali. Hassani. Susie excellent those of you in our.

YouTube land go ahead and type that in the chat and we'll get on track as fast as humanly possible all right. While you guys are checking in if you're brand new to. Planet. David type your name in where you're checking in from what it is you want to get away what you want to take away from today's webinar while you're doing that let me go ahead and go through um some administrative stuff that.

I all need to really um drill down on and and make sure that um your where. First of all and foremost my name is. Dr. David.

Schneider and. I'm one of the world's leading authorities on strategic human influence. Technologies and that covers everything from covert hypnosis to neuro-linguistic programming to hypnotherapy energetics you name it. I pretty much do it if it involves influencing humans to either be better or to believe what you say and do what you want tonight's webinar is about the sequence of face reading it's about how to look.

At the markings and the architecture of the face and make accurate predictions about various aspects of a human being everything from their personality and temperament to their trauma history uh to their emotion the the emotions they've been locking down and suppressing also and a whole lot more their physical health we can actually as a acupuncturist we can look. At the the face of a person and and measure and monitor the health of the lungs the kidney the spleen the intestines there's. So much going on uh with the face and it's based on a phenomena we think of as the holographic memory. Theory now you don't need to know any of that stuff to be able to get take advantage of the information on this webinar our job in the.

Next two or three hours yes. I did say two or three hours is to give you hardcore solid actionable things that you can take out into the world right. Away and start using okay. The best part about most of the things that we teach in.

Planet. David is you don't have to believe a single darn thing we're teaching it all you got to do all you got to do is go out and do it with a fun playful attitude engage the results for yourself we are very results oriented we are very. Gnostic in our approach and what does that mean means that. I'm not going to stand up here uh and waste your precious time spouting theories at you.

I'm going to give you this is the stuff that's proven this is the stuff that stood the test of time this is the stuff that works and if you take it out and you put it to work it will work for you okay. I don't waste my time on low percentage technique that being said before we launch into the content of tonight's webinar. I really want to uh go over some administrative things. So that you can get the most out of it.

First and foremost. I love questions you should know that anybody who's watched my early videos knows. I love questions the problem of course is the more questions. I get the greater chance we have of a not getting to the content.

I have planned for you. But also going down a rabbit hole that was not the intention of tonight's webinar. So let me go through some basic things. First of all tonight's webinar is what we call a free form webinar what does that mean it means that.

I'm going to stay on with you as long as humanly possible. I'm going to deliver as much actionable content as. I can in three stages. So the.

First stages foundations things that you absolutely need to know to make use of this stuff in part three. I'm going to teach as much as. I can for the. First 60 to 75 minutes of tonight's training at this at the 60 to 75 minute.

Mark. I am going to transition into phase two of tonight's webinar tonight's webinar is going to be as phase two is all about how to take this training to the. Next level how to build on the foundations that. I'm giving you and show you where to go for more if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of face reading human influence bead profiling things of that nature we got even in three hour webinar we got time for this much.

So my commitment to you is. I will take you as far down this face reading. Journey as we can together. I will teach you as much as you can absorb and.

I will point you in the direction of where to go for more information to level up your skills and take the. Next level is that a fair trade yes. Or yes. Type it in the chat if you think that's fair if it's not if you don't think it's fair you probably should log off now because that's what we're doing.

Okay. So phase one foundations cool that you can use right. Away that lays the foundation for more advanced stuff phase two the offers and the programs we have available for you to level up your skills one-on-one or in groups with me phase three we. Circle back to what we covered in phase one and.

I continue to teach you as much as. I can for as long as you want to stay on until you're tired of me or. I just get exhausted and. I have to log off is that a does that sound like a fair plan for tonight type that in the chat if you think that's fair cool.

So one of the things. I want to tell you right. Up front is. I am big on interactiveness.

I love the feedback from the group. I love questions. So there are three ways for you to get your questions answered that we found at work best a if you're brand new and you have a question type it in the chat if it's relevant to where. I'm at on the webinar.

I'll answer it right. Then and there. Planet. David veterans those of you who've been bebopping around.

Planet. David one two three four five six months six or seven years obsessed online he's been around 11 years more people recognize the back of his head than recognize the friend of mine if you see a question that. I didn't answer and you have real world experience with that question please reach out to the people who ask the question and answer it for them okay. So that they come away with the answer from somebody who doesn't have a vested interest obviously no.

Pun intended vested interest get it vested interest in saying my shit's the best thing since sliced bread if that's still not enough folks if you still want a personal answer from me here's what you gotta do at the end of this webinar there will be a replay on. YouTube channel on our. YouTube channel there will also be a replay uh on our website. David snyderenlp.com if you go to the replay on our.

YouTube channel in the comment section below the video if you type in your comment or your question. I make it a practice to go through my. YouTube comments every day four or five times a day and answer any and all questions that people have if. I can answer the question.

I'll give you an answer if. I don't have the answer. I'll tell you that too right. And.

I'll point you in the direction of where to go to get the answer that you need does that make sense is that fair okay. Good good good good okay. Last couple of things if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you probably not the best use of your. Next three to four hours okay. My job is my my goal is never to offend anyone. But one of the things that uh people in my channel are all about is becoming better versions of themselves the way you do that is through prop through uh having your provoked.

So. I my intention is never to really offend anybody. But every now and. Then something's going to come out of my mouth that's going to trigger you in an emotional way when those things happen make note of what.

I said where in your body you felt it and. Then used one of the transformational. Triad techniques to dissolve it. So it no.

Longer triggers you part of your job as a self-evolving human being is to become progressively more and more non-reactive to the that comes at you from the outside world this is being a technical term secret human influence. Technologies that's what we're doing okay. We're going to show you how to immunize yourself to that okay. Uh make sure you have things to write with okay.

And. I. I prefer for for maximum learning. I prefer that you use pen and paper or pencil and paper right.

There will be things that um. I'm gonna say that if you don't write it down you're gonna miss it there are other times when we'll be doing drills together for unlocking certain emotional triggers or emotional motivations or things of that nature that the more you write them down the more rapidly you can take those things out into the world and put them to use for you okay. So that being said um let's see uh we covered my my uh my my disclaimer right. Now once again if you're used to a 90-minute webinar where people tease you about what you could be doing and what you need to do and.

Then don't tell you how to do it it'll give you the methodology to do it this is not going to be that kind of webinar we focus on giving solid hardcore actionable content that you can take out into the world and use right. Away. I'm here for you right. You're the reason.

I do what. I do right. Um that being said tonight's free tonight's class is all about secrets of face reading discover how to discover how people think and feel and behave how to read people's repressed emotions uh to know how to influence and persuade them to measure sexual and romantic compatibility and. So much more that being said one of the things uh that often comes up especially if you're brand new to our.

YouTube channel and. I'm going to go ahead and um um well. I'll share my screen for a moment. I don't like to.

I. Don't. Like. PowerPoints.

But it's important. So we'll do it okay. First and foremost. I my.

I am an actual doctor of. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine what you're seeing there is a copy of my diploma from. Pacific.

College of. Orion medicine. I think they've since changed their name um. But and.

I'm also working on a. Second. Doctrine right. Now in.

Chinese and. Dao. Chinese energetic medicine uh. So.

I'm even getting more into the the wonderful world of woo and treating physiological illness through energetics right. But for many years in. Solana. Beach.

California. I ran a clinic for 15 years since 2005 up to about 2017 2018 where my specialty was treating physiological illness that was caused by repressed emotions. So while most people would be dealing with things like um you know nail biting or weight loss or smoke cessation things that. I would be getting were largely medical referrals things like cancer uh.

Parkinson's. Crohn's disease. IBS um real hardcore you know asthma uh. COPD these were the things that.

I would uh regularly deal with as a hypnotherapist energy worker in my clinic and we had a really really high success rate. But that work over those 15 years gave me tremendous tremendous insight into the mind-body. Matrix the holographic nervous systems. I've come to call it you may have saw in the in the.

YouTube channels some uh. John was asked was talking about toroidal fields and yes. We do work with that we don't really we don't think of them as toroidal fields we think of them as energy fields and the the shape is largely uh left to the physics machines to to figure out. But yes.

You need to understand that the human body isn't solid it's a vibrational. Matrix and that's why some of the things some of the claims and the things. I'm going to teach you over the. Next 90 to well two to three hours are sometimes going to seem like science fiction.

But you don't have to believe it you just got to do it and we have enough trained face readers on board tonight that if you have they can verify the things. I say. Okay. So uh on top of my clinical practice um in 2020.

I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the world in the world by globalgurus.org and. I've been in the top five or. I've been in the top two rant of ranking in that ranking for the.

Last five or six years. So some people seem to think. I know what. I'm doing.

I've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from how to get a date to how to curate how to cure your emotional pain to how to sell more how to become more lovable uh how more charismatic um you you name it if it involves influencing humans to do what you want them to do both internally or externally that's what we do okay. So if you if you went to our website. David snydernlp.com you'd see over 50 different products it covers the scope of what we do okay. Now that being said we try to keep our training as targeted as possible.

So while. I could talk about all these other things we're going to try and keep it focused specifically on how to read the markings of the face and how to create profiles that you can use to influence people to that extent not only am. I gonna. I'm gonna teach you the face reading stuff.

I'm also going to teach you a little it's not sneaky. But it's kind of one of the techniques. I teach in every webinar that will teach you how to motivate yourself. But also how to motivate other people based on their internal value system.

But also the markings on their face. So. I'll show you how to bridge that. Gap as part of today's training we'll probably get through it um we'll get through the.

First part of it in part one of the webinar we'll. Circle back in part three. So um what you're seeing here and this is important for tonight's webinar is a letter. I got from globalgurus.org uh in 2022 and it says dear to.

Dr. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for. NLP this was specifically our defense against the dark arts course which is very relevant to tonight's class we incorporated a tremendous amount of uh that course into our packages for tonight. So stay tuned for that develop it.

So you can learn how to take advantage of it and of course you see here all the all the courses that we beat out for uh for that number one spot for those of you who aren't familiar with my background. I probably have more energy healing and martial arts credentials at. McDonald's sells hamburgers. But.

I have a 10th degree black belt in the. Okinawan martial arts specifically. Ruku. Kempo.

Karate an art that deals almost exclusively with pressure point applications uh. Meridian and energetic energetic attacking biomechanical attacking it's a really cool art. I'm very very grateful that. I have the opportunity to learn this.

I've also have a 4-3 black belt and a system hybrid system known as. Shaolin kuntal a secondary black belt in kosho kemporu a. First degree black belt in fancuru. Jiu.

Jitsu. I have a certified instructor certification and combat system uh certified instructor certification in single mono. Escrima and of course a basic instructor certification in modernist under the amazing late. Grand.

Master. Remy prisas. I have a tremendously large catalog of energy healing credentials starting with. Reiki back in the early 90s.

I've been a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool. I've been studying.

Kabbalah almost as long before. Madonna even heard of. Kabbalah. So.

I'm very much a prima donna. I'm as a trained and certified in chronic healing. Advanced chronic healing and chronic. Psychotherapy.

I have training in advanced. DNA. Theta healing uh. Bankston energy healing system and.

I'm working right. Now on my doctorate doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine under. Seafood.

Jerry. Allen. Johnson on about uh maybe just less than a little under halfway through that and it's already blowing my mind and transforming the things that. I do when.

I teach. So when you see all this stuff let me just jump out of this um let me go to you know when you see all this stuff the martial arts and the. NLP and the hypnotherapy and the acupuncture and the. Chinese medicine and the energetics a lot of people ask.

So what what what is all this have to do with face reading and it could be summed up in two very very important words words. I want you to write down because if you understand this one concept it will change your life it will give you eyes. To see and ears to hear the universe around you and that is pattern recognition pattern recognition everything human beings do involves pattern and structure even the facial markings and the facial architecture that we're going to cover tonight is because the human body works in patterns and structures and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear the human body and the universe itself will reveal its secrets to you one of the reasons that we can do these things is because.

NLP and. Chinese medicine as well as the martial arts which. I was able to deconstruct because of my. NLP and because of my.

Oriental medicine all rely on pattern recognition the ability to see can perceive very subtle patterns in the way people talk the way people think the way people breathe the way people move the. Expressions that they make and if you can codify that. Then you can rapidly predict what's going on both inside of people and what they will do in certain situations when presented with certain kinds of stimuli you'll also know the things that they're processing things that they're not processing how they're going to respond in certain types of group situations it's amazingly powerful and when you apply these skills effectively you can pretty much write your own ticket especially especially if you combine them with the tools of human influence that we teach in some of our other courses. But being able to recognize what's in front of you is one of the most important steps because the more you know about the people in front of you the more you recognize what their profile is the more rapidly and the you you know exactly what types of influence to deploy and honestly the less you have to do because you'll know exactly where the the psychological and emotional pressure points are that will cause them to to perform well or to beat feet and break down it's one of those things that um again if you take the time to learn it it takes your whole life to another level.

So we have whole silos of training we're going to take you as far as we can in the time we have and point you in the direction of where to go for the. Next level. So let me um begin to ask you a question. So let's let's be very clear and make sure that you guys are all in the right.

Place. So here's how this works this is our. First interactive game for tonight what. I'd like you to do is.

I'm going to ask you some questions and if this re if this is pertinent to you this is relevant to you. I just want you to type yes. That's me that's. I want that in the chat okay.

So you ready how many of you would like to be super attractive fascinating and charismatic both to members of the opposite sex as well as your own peer groups if you'd like that if you'd like to get to be fascinating to other people go ahead and type that in the chat if you'd like the ability to banish doubt fear insecurity from your life move through the world in a more comfortable confident energy that people just naturally gravitate to go and type that in the chat for me okay. Um if you're interested in using your skills to level up your life to make more money get more dates improve the relationships that you have to help your clients better to protect yourself go ahead and type that in the chat if that's something you're interested in if you like to protect yourself from manipulators and other types of what. I call persuasion. Predators go ahead and type that in the chat this is for you okay.

If you'd like to be able to create massive levels of abundance and whatever that means to you some people think it's money some people it's it's. Health some people it's happiness some people it's a combination doesn't matter if that's something you're interested in this is a course that will open the floodgates for you okay. But here's the thing it will only open the floodgates for you a if you follow my instructions and. B you actually use it out in the real world if you don't use these things you might as well not even learn it okay.

Because. Then it's just interesting information. I'm not interested in just giving you interesting information. I'm interested in giving you a lasting.

Unstoppable transformation okay. And that's what it's about right. So um if you'd like to learn for those of you who have your own company or who manage people if you'd like to be able to inspire and lead your team if you'd like to be able to build teams that are. So cohesive and.

So in sync with each other that that they perform like a finely tuned engine this is something you're going to want to pay attention to okay. If you'd like to surround yourself with friends that you can actually trust and resonate with people who actually bring value to your life go ahead and type yes. In the chat and again this is a little bit more svengoalish a little bit more jedi-ish. But if you'd like the ability if you ever fantasize about having the ability to hold people's spell-bound to have them hanging on your every word and eager to do what you want them to do go ahead and type that in the chat if that's something you think would be useful okay.

If you answered yes. To at least two or three of these you're in the right. Place all right. Are you guys ready to play okay.

So here's my here's my promise to you tonight. I'm going to teach you techniques to understand the people around you let me go to my power book. Well you know what if you stay till tonight's webinar. I'm going to teach you one of the most powerful and effective methods for speed reading and profiling human personality and behavior that has literally stood the test of time literally almost 3 000 years if not longer in.

Chinese history alone not to mention its history here in the. United. States. I'll show you in very powerful ways how to understand a person's personality and temperament from across the room how to track and understand their trauma history.

So that if you're a helper if you're a caregiver you can help people resolve those traumas for themselves. I'll show you exactly where they're holding the traumas they haven't resolved yet. So that you can help them cover it and if you if you use this every morning when you look. In the mirror it'll help you find yours.

So you know where to start looking for the you want to clear up okay. How to gauge sexual and romantic compatibility we'll probably cover that in part three of the webinar tonight. So that you can start to look. At people's facial features extrapolate a personality profile and based on your understanding of the system figure out what character what set of traits and the characteristics connected to those would actually make the best fit for you okay.

There could be any number of compatibilities for any any set of facial traits. So it's it's still a lot of figuring it's kind of like. Tetris if you think about it how do you how do these two. Composites make a hole right.

Sometimes. Opposites. Attract sometimes complements attract all right. So you need to we'll talk more about that uh obviously we're going to talk about personality and temperament the one thing that.

I have learned is very is very very difficult to assess with face reading and it may just be a gap in my knowledge or it may just be that because it's it's such um a moral and ethical thing one of the things that we have the biggest amount of time for me. Anyway uh reading is is character. So you can have somebody who's very courageous and very assertive who can be an evil son of a or you can have someone who's very courageous and uh assertive who is. Sir.

Lancelot and or. King. Arthur you know or you know the characteristics are temperament and personality not necessarily character. So we have other ways of of kind of looking at people and starting to discern their character right.

So. I'm not you know. I just want to be very clear that you know bad people can have good traits and good people can have bad traits. So let's just keep that whole idea out of it.

But there are things that you can start to look. At that have a higher probability of certain behaviors that will lead to problems like narcissistic behavior sociopathic. Behavior psycho. Psychopathic behaviors there are certain traits that indicate the possibility of them there was a question asked in the.

YouTube chat a little before the webinar about lie detection and why it's. So it's not. So accurate all the time and the reason is is because no. Single behavioral trait from a kinesic standpoint means anything except when they show up multiple times and are are combined with other traits now uh well in part three of the webinar we'll talk about.

Baseline kinesics and how that applies to face reading okay. But they're they're too parallel. But complementary disciplines okay. And we'll show you how to combine them effectively uh we'll give you.

Clues to the path to take if you want to do that if you would like to become a master of people reading an influence please stay on till the end of tonight's webinar. So you get every. Last drop of everything we have to share with you and every offer that we've put together to help you take your skills and your trainings and abilities to the. Next level does that sound like a good plan for tonight type yes.

If you think that's a good plan okay. Very good. So here's what. I want you to do each and every one of you tonight when you saw tonight's webinar and you saw it was about face reading you said oh.

I can use that how can you how do you want to use it what do you want to use face reading for. So. I know when we hit part three of the webinar how to customize the content of this webinar to give you exactly what you came here for type in the chat what you want to use face reading in for and what's important to you about that get a flight upgrade from the gate agent okay. Look.

Into my health perfect what else you got. So better help my clients sales priority spot. Liars okay. There's a really cool methodology in the in the.

Shen module the classical face reading. I was taught um there's an energy that inhabits the body now most of us believe most of us believe that um you know there's more to us than this physical body and and the. Chinese say that your spirit enters your body and it houses in your heart and it shines out through your eyes. In the west we say the eyes.

Are the windows of the. Soul right. Well what's interesting is when based on a classical. Chinese face reading.

John wants to crush live poker oh. I got some stuff for you brother um one of the things that happens when people lie is there the light in their eyes. Dims in in average people the light actually dims um if they're more on the sociopathic side what can actually happen there's this phenomena known as duping delight and what that means is um people when people who are lying and getting away from it getting away with it especially if they're on the narcio-cystic. Spectrum they're actually having a good time because they're pulling it over on somebody who they believe is not their equal.

So to me to them that's a that's a win and. So what will happen many times is their. Shen will be very cold. But it'll be very bright.

So you'll see their eyes. Actually light up if they're actually enjoying line with you those are just some things. I. I just wanted to throw out there for those of you who are interested in how the classical face reading as opposed to.

Modern face reading that. I teach um handles lie detection. But we'll be going over some other things as well okay. So that being said um let me take a look.

Back at our chat better understand customers help avoid bad people with bad intent oh we got a whole class on that understand my customers only see good in people um. Elizabeth that's a great idea and by the way no. Face no. Facial trait is going to make a person good or bad.

So there's you know you can always view people through the lens of compassion. But be very careful because the sociopaths and the predators of the world are going to look. For people who operate from that place of compassion and util and they're going to actually exploit it. So.

I think it's important to to see the best in people. But. I also think that it's important to test people to see where they lie on that trustability index if that makes any kind of sense. So.

I see. I understand where you're getting at. Elizabeth. But.

I want you to use this effectively um to protect yourself as well as find the good ones. So cool all right. Well. I think we're on the right.

Track. So the. First thing. I want to do uh is.

I'm going to. I'm going to switch up my screens here in just a moment um. So for those of you who wrote stuff down in the chat. I'm going to show you a screen.

I want to get. I want you to get out a piece of paper well actually no. We'll do we'll save that for. Later we'll we'll save that one let's get into some of the meet of tonight's training.

So the. First thing. I want to share with you is understanding um that people have masks okay. Hold on a.

Second let me just make sure that. I have to close my chat for this guy sorry that's not what. I want hold on. I gotta.

I gotta. X out of this stop sharing. I'm. I'm actually doing like two different three different consoles at the same time.

So just bear with me for a moment and here we go all right. So. I'm moving from my. PowerPoint to my.

OneNote and here we go and okay. Cool all right. Can everybody see my screen oops. I gotta change this too okay.

I think. I'm squared away here if if uh anything's a little confusing just let me know. So one of the things. I want to talk about.

First and foremost is that every human being on the planet is wearing a mask okay. People have social. Mass they have a side of themselves that they want their peers to see and there's a side of themselves that they they don't want anyone to see or only people who are really close and really intimate you know. Billy.

Joel had a song called. The. Stranger back in the 80s you might remember that song right. That's actually true you see we all move through the world we all move through the world wearing masks and the.

Chinese understood this the many many for centuries we they understood that there's a face that we show the world that's actually where the root of the term uh losing face or. Saving. Face comes from there's a face you show the world and if you are treated in a way that is in harmony with the face you're trying to show the world that's called. Saving.

Face or keeping face if you're treated in a way that violates the way you want other people to see you or perceive you that's called losing face does that make sense and it goes back to physiotomy believe it or not all right. So when we look. At a person's face one of the. First things that.

I teach my students to look. At is the right. And left sides of the face hold on a. Second.

I'm having trouble. I may have to go to my there we go okay. So if you look. At this face you will see that the face is divided into a right.

Side and a left side okay. The right. Side of a person's face indicates their public side in other words this is the face that they want the world to perceive as who they are okay. The left side of a person's face reveals their hidden mask their private side the people the things people want to keep hidden or that they only share with people who are hold on it's not showing in jet webinar really okay.

Hold on a. Second let me re-share and see what happens is that working now oh wait a minute. I think. I think uh.

I think our. YouTubers are having trouble with this is. I see what happened hold on like forgive my forgive my jumping around is that better okay. So.

I think everybody. I think everything is cool now are we good let me pull up my chat and make sure that we're not too far behind okay. Good all right. So right.

Side of the face right. Side of the face indicates public. Persona left side of the face indicates private. Persona now one of the things that.

I want you to start looking at as we move through the different zones of the face is you want to look. For symmetries you want to look. For some um degrees of symmetry between right. And left one of the natural the normal standards of beauty in in the world is actually facial symmetry the more symmetrical a person's features are the more attractive we tend to see them okay.

Now the other thing. I want you to start to pay attention to is um asymmetries asymmetries are going to tell us what's different between public and private now how do we use this when we start to interact with people in a certain context specifically in a business context remember people want to save and keep face there's a there's an image an avatar that they want you to perceive them as okay. And. So when you present to them present to them in a way that enhances and strengthens the image they want you to have of them okay.

Specifically in like a business or a professional context okay. You have to let people keep face. But if you want to get to the truth of things if you want to create greater degrees of trust intimacy and connection. Then you have to play to their private face and you have to do it in a way that's that's in harmony with the context in which you're interacting does that make sense type in the chat if you're following me.

So far in business play to their public face in professional terms play to their public face in more intimate settings play to their private face okay. So this is a this is a pretty easy one um. But it's important that you know we're learning to divide the face up into different zones and approaching it systematically. So one of the.

First things. I tend to look. At um is actually not this one. But this is like the.

Second or. Third one. I look. At can.

I repeat it when you're doing business with people play to their public face what the the images and the markings you see in the public zone are going to be the triggers that will cause people to respond in ways you want them to in a professional context the reason. I say don't do that in a don't use their private face in a per in a business context is because it creates tremendous vulnerability and people in a professional setting do not like to be vulnerable and. So they may get very reactant they may break rapport with you or they may get they get they may just freaking break down in an emotional bag of jello right. Not cool uh if to getting your outcome right.

And it's always their right. Michael it's always their right. So. I know sometimes the videos here are reversed.

But it's always their right. Okay. The left is going to be their private face now in a lot of the influence tactics and trainings that. I teach.

I teach you how to go from very superficial public side needs and desires and drill down right. Into that private. Persona down to the emotional values and rules they have for defining what's desirable and undesirable in their world. So when we talk about we're going to teach it to you in this webinar probably right.

Before we do we go into part phase two we'll teach you the emotional motivation checklist. So that you have the ability to emotionally motivate yourself. But also emotionally motivate other people that you interact with it's a very powerful technique and it allows extreme levels of psycho-emotional. Leverage.

Craig's asking is anyone ever flipped not in my experience um and. Lillian had and my teacher. Lillian. Bridges who is where.

I learned the majority of my face reading training and the more. I study other people's face reading materials the more grateful. I am uh that. Lillian was a part of my life.

I'm. I'm. So grateful and my goal is to to uh build on her what she taught me continue her lineage. But also develop uh more and more um powerful face reading products for my influence and healing students.

So does handedness matter no. Handedness does not seem to play a role in this whatsoever okay. Great questions though how do you do that by eye contact when you play left left what. I was taught let me let me jump out of my screen share for a minute um what.

I was taught hold on a. Second that didn't work what. I was taught was that if you want to evaluate uh people's left and right. Side it's best to cover your right.

Eye and look. At the left side of their face through your left eye because most people are right. Eye dominant and. So they tended to to focus on the information that comes in through the right.

Eye okay. That's just a little technique. I was taught uh. David's asking how do facelifts or.

Botox or even palsy influence face reading um. Botox freezes the liver. So it doesn't just freeze the affect it also detoxifies the liver. So these people will lose their ability to to show facial features or facial expression.

So it'll actually help to stunt their emotional expression as well okay. Um. I get that question a lot okay. They're right.

Not yours very good um. So are we clear on right. Side versus left side yes. Or yes.

All right. Cool all right. The. Next phase.

I want to talk about is something that. I when. I. First saw this you know when the study of face reading is is just such a deep well.

But every now and. Then. Lillian would talk about one or two things and my freaking. Snyder sense would go off and be like boom that's nuclear right.

There that's fire and what we're going to talk about. Next was one of the ones that. I said my students need to know this okay. And now.

I'm going to share it with you what if you could look. At somebody from across the room and know exactly what kind of information they need to hear in the order and sequence they need to hear it to make the decision you want them to make would that be useful yes. Or yes. Okay.

That's what we're going to cover. Next we're going to cover how to look. At somebody's face and learn how they make this how to take in information to make decisions and my experience. So far has been it doesn't really seem to matter what the context is um based on the face it seems to be a meta pattern there are three basic possibilities we'll go over them.

Then what. I'm going to do. I said would it. So knowing how to present information to somebody.

So you know how they make decisions is useful would it also be helpful to know and be able to gauge how rapidly they make decisions and how quickly they take action would that be useful of course duh. David well it is kind of. I did kind of ring you into that one all right. So let's look.

At decision making strategies really quick let me go back to my screens. Okay. So all right. So what you see here let me make this a little bit bigger now in our previous slide we divided the face into a right.

Side and a left side in this model we're going to divide the face into three distinct zones an upper. Zone a middle. Zone and a lower. Zone now the way.

I was taught is that you measure from the eyebrow line to the top of the head and that defines a person's. Heaven zone or their data. Zone in other words when you see someone and what you're looking at in this uh in this model is you're looking at the ratio of the top of the head the middle of the head and the bottom of the head and figuring out which is largest. Second largest and smallest okay.

That ratio is going to give you a sequence of information to present. So if you see something. I don't want you to believe me on this. I want you to go test it okay.

Go to the nearest. Tech campus where you live at lunchtime and look. At the faces and the heads and the head shapes of the people coming out for lunch where is it which is their largest. Zone which is their smallest zone which is their middle.

Zone. Then go to an. MMA gym or a fitness center or where athletes train and look. At the faces look.

At the large. Zone largest. Zone look. At the smallest zone look.

At the middle. Zone here's what. I'm betting you'll find that the people who are largely data driven this zone of their head will be significantly larger okay. The term.

Egghead comes to mind it's not actually an egghead it's more like it could be a diamond shaped head or or a. Marquis diamond. So people with a very large upper zone are very data driven and. I love the guy he's been with me a long time.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna throw my my good friend and partner. Brandon under the bus uh because every time because. Brandon has a classical data driven head every time.

I ask him a question he answers me with a spreadsheet right. He loves data crunching right. And. So when you have people who have very very large upper zones these are people who need all of the data up front they need to know the research the stats the the metrics every every piece of nomenclature that you can provide they need to consume okay.

If the if the look. And we're going to jump right. Down to the bottom. Zone here if their bottom zone is much larger what you're dealing with is somebody who is very feeling or emotional driven they're very gut driven these people tend to be more athletic they tend to be um much more uh tuned into what they feel is the right.

Thing to do. So if you try to present data to someone who has this is their primary uh intake modality or data modality they're going to just get bored and zone out conversely if you try to present feeling based data telling somebody how much they're going to love something to someone like this they're going to say yeah right. Show me the data show me the proof prove it right. And.

Finally we're going to look. At that middle. Zone that middle. Zone is all about pragmatism they want to know what it's going to do for them how can.

I use this. So if they're middles only you'll see this a lot more and like people with very dominant very prominent cheekbones who have what we call a diamond shaped face you'll learn that in face reading class people have a very large middle. Zone don't really care as much about the data or as much about how they feel about it until they know what's it going to do for me how is this going to make my life easier. So when you start and now the important thing to remember let me jump out of my.

PowerPoint for just a moment just to to to zero in on this one of the important things to remember is that nobody is just data driven nobody is just a gut driven person nobody is just a pragmatist what you're seeing here in in this particular um this particular model is the order of information you need to give them based on one the zones one two and three. So if. I have someone who's a classic one two three their upper zone is bigger their middle zone is. Second largest and their lower zone is smallest.

Then these. I'm gonna. I'm gonna talk to you say. I have this amazing opportunity for you let me show you the research that supports everything that.

I'm going to share with you and what it can do for you and. I know that after you've seen the data and you understand all the different ways that you can use it you're absolutely going to love it you're going to know in your gut that this was a good decision for you right. That's a one two three presentation. But if there are two let's say there are two um a three two one presenter listen.

I have a present. I have something to share with you you're gonna love it it's going to do this for you and it's going to do this for you and it's going to do this for you you will be super amazed here's all the data that proves to you exactly what's true about what. I'm telling you that's a classic three two one presentation style notice. I'm not omitting any data.

But the order of preference gives me an. I uh a way to create a presentation that is natural for the person in front of me of course if a person is a a 213. Then. So their their middle zone is pragmatic and.

Then they go to data and. Then they go to feeling they'll be listen. I have this amazing opportunity it's going to do this for you it's going to do this for you it's going to do this for you here's all the proof here's all the data that shows what happens when you use this product to do these things and. I know that after you test it out you're going to love it okay.

Does that make sense okay. Well. I'm saying the the the the the comments in the chatter flying by. So fast they can't read them um all right.

I'm gonna. I'm just gonna have to. Circle back uh if there's a question in there somewhere that. I missed.

Then by all means um just retype it okay. Great. Margo's asking a great question what if two zones appear to be the same size. Then these two these two levels of information have approximately the same level of importance and what can happen sometimes is these people can be a little bit indecisive okay.

Am. I a three two one it looks that way and it's it's it's it's true. I have a very large upper. Zone.

But remember the webcam distorts things a little bit. I have a very big job like. I have a lot of hidden bone in my jaw um. But.

I. I do emote quite well and. I. I do a lot of the things that.

I do. I'll do the data check. I'll get. I'll see how.

I can use it and. Then. I'll get a gut feeling about whether it's important or what will happen many times is. I'll get a gut feeling about something and.

Then. I won't trust it and. So. I'll go to the data right.

So um one of that one of the things that starts to happen especially if they're if if the zones are very very close these people can sometimes be a little bit indecisive. So when that happens use your best guess right. Um. But.

B is be as close to the. The. Zone sequence as possible and if you know your own zones this is important this goes to a phenomenon we call projection if you know your own zones okay. And they're radically different from the person you're presenting to try to neutralize that try to speak more to the person zones than rather than yours right.

Now if you understand the emotional motivation checklist which we teach in killer influence defense against the dark arts uh stealth. CPI um you can bypass what the face says and go right. To their emotional drivers and you'll you'll engage them and. I'll get out like like gangbusters how do we measure zones okay.

I like to for beginners. I like to get a straight edge and measure from the hairline to the top of the head and. Then. I'll measure from the base of the nose to the eyebrow line and.

Then. I'll measure from the base of the nose to the chin line right. And if you have like a ruler or a straight edge it's easier to measure the relative sizes now do that well enough until you can start eyeballing it because people are going to look. At you weird if you go into a business meeting and the.

First thing they do is. I wonder what you're at it that's not going to work all right. So get get in front of a lot of people get into our. Mastermind group get it and work with people in in your free time have fun with this at.

Starbucks or bookstores or whatever and just practice until you can eyeball it really really well right. If you're going to go into into business well it's not exactly phrenology um it's a little bit different. I've read a lot of the phrenology books and. I have a hard time swallowing a lot of what they're they're shoveling.

I have a lot more faith in uh a lot more faith in the. Chinese medicine because of the pattern recognition aspect of it not arbitrary he's got a crooked nose. So he must be a criminal that just doesn't work right. It just doesn't um.

So. But again you don't get me started. I'm sure there's phenologists out there who can be very accurate. I haven't met one yet though um confused as to if a person doesn't you mean like a receding hairline it's easy if you have if they have a receding hairline.

First of all um that's actually a sign of that's a that's actually a lucky a lucky trait in. Chinese medicine okay. Um. But when you want to when you measure.

I measured from the top of the head to the eyes. And. Then in private. I teach people to measure to the hairline and you can always tell on somebody who has a receding hairline where their hairline used to be okay.

You can always you know if you look. You can always find it okay. What about. ODSP great question uh again.

I could spend in fact. I do. I spent an entire half a day discussing hairlines in our face reading class okay. I have.

I have here trust me there are. So many hairlines and they're really cool right. Uh. But there's two there's two variations on the uh on the widow's peak one is called the m-shaped hairline there's called the the actual.

Widow speak and widow's peak is is a term to define the hairline for women and m shape hairline is one used for men right. Yeah lombroso exactly yeah. I read that stuff now not. So much.

Anyway is this useful by the way don't believe anything. I just told you go out and talk to people in this way and see how they respond okay. For my. Next trick what if we could let me find my page hold on a.

Second. I'm trying to find my profiles that's what. I'm looking for that's not it there we go what if we could look. At somebody's face and determine how rapidly they make decisions or slowly or how quick they are to take action or slowly would that be useful would that be a useful set of skills yes.

Or yes. Cool all right. So we're going to go over this. Then.

I'm going to start teaching you the emotions of the face and. Then we're going to rent we're gonna do the emotional motivation checklist we're going to go through uh phase two of our webinar where we show you how to level it up and. Then we're going to circle back we're going to finish the emotional map and. Then we'll answer uh questions on exactly what your your biggest things are on face reading we can talk about the hairlines again if you want we can talk about other things as well.

So the. Next piece we're going to look. At is how do people actually um act or reach the decisions right. So we've talked about how to give people the information they need to make a decision.

But now how do we actually gauge how rapidly they are to act on it and here we go okay. Oops. I guess. I gotta unshare and share again okay.

So can everybody see my little profile page here okay. So what you're seeing here is what we would consider an average face right. One of the one of the challenges that you have in face reading is determining what's an average and what what is an average trait and what is an extreme trait one of the things we want to look. At when we start looking at faces is what are the obvious things that jump out of us what are the extreme traits something that is extremely small uh extremely large uh something that doesn't match the rest of the face these are the things that we want to look.

At. First from an intuitive perspective now in modern face reading we're going to teach you a system for going from hairline to jawline and creating a a highly accurate personality profile in as little as 90 seconds right. That you can start using right. Away classical face reading has a little bit more of a circular.

Five. Element energetic perspective to it. But one of the things we can start to look. At right.

Here right. Now is this is an average face right. And when you measure the the curvature of a face you're going to measure from the glabella which is right. Between the right.

Between the eyebrows the nasal bone the philtrum and the chin and this will give you a profile right. Either convex or concave and now we can look. At is the. First one.

I want us to look. At is this face right. Here. I call this a dorsal face because you see how how sloped this forehead is you ever seen a sports car like the old climb sports car you notice how they have those really big fins in the back right.

This is a person who's a very very fast thinker they tend to be very diplomatic they can they can say things in a way that is um not gonna piss people off they're very good deal makers they're very good at um schmoozing. I guess is a good way to say it. But they tend to make decisions and process information very very quickly if you notice that this has more of a curve to it this person also tends to take action relatively quickly and this is based on the the information. I got from a guy named.

Joey yeah. So this is a person who will process and the information you give him reach a decision quickly and act on it this person has a more average forehead okay. But you'll notice the chin juts out a little bit this indicates somebody who is a little bit more willful stubborn or prideful okay. People with this kind of a chin may make a decision um in an average amount of time.

But they'll be slower to act on it okay. And if you push them on it they'll dig their heels in even more okay. So this is again one of those things um here you have someone who has a very fast decision making strategy. But slow to take action and here's someone who takes their time making a decision they're very heady.

But once they do they act on it fairly quickly. So once again just to this is an average face our. Baseline and this is the extremes this is someone who thinks fast acts fast someone who is an average thinker slow action taker someone who's a fast decision maker slow action taker someone who's a slow decision maker and a fast action taker okay. Is that helpful is it useful can't see the screen um is that better can you see it now or how about now is that good.

I'm not sure for you guys in in jet can you see my screen okay. Good to know. I need to know okay. All right.

Good okay. So here's what we're gonna do. Next here's what we're going to do. Next.

I want you to take out a piece of paper. I'm going to jump out of my. I'm going to jump out of my screen share here and hold on a. Second that's not working okay.

And what. I'd like you to do now is. I'd like you to get a piece of paper. I'd like you to write at the top of that sheet what you want to be able to do with face reading okay.

Wendy if you have a question uh trust me. I'll be circling back we'll be covering these things again and a whole lot more okay. In part three of our webinar we're going to cover the emotional map of the face the 21 different locations 21 different locations where certain types of repressed emotion tend to express themselves where they where they store how to have people listen to me. I want to be a.

Jedi okay. Write that on your piece of paper and net directly under that write this question what's important about that what's important about being a. Jedi what's important about getting people to listen to you what's important about reading people or helping people or whatever it is that your reason for uh enrolling in this webinar as a byproduct of this training what do you what's important about that. I want you to drill down on the emotional reasons what this is going to do for you you're not going to.

I don't need you to share it in the chat in fact let me show you um a template for you to follow if. I can okay. Uh here we go all right. So what.

I'm going to do now is. I'm going to share with you a template that. I create for my influence and persuasion students for both motivating themselves as well as um helping to motivate others oh hold on a. Second my computer froze [Music] okay.

My computer froze. I can't tell if you guys are with me or not come on. I got the spinning wheel of death right. Now guys.

So all right. So if you can hear me and. I hope you can write down what's important about this webinar underneath write the answer to that question underneath the answer to the. First question right.

What's important about that and answer that question underneath that right. What's important about that and answer that question okay. The. Next thing.

I want you to oh okay. We're back slowly all right. Well that was kind of nerve-wracking wasn't it and this is an important. I want you guys to if you can actually.

I want you to take a screenshot of this template because if you combine face reading with what with this template you'll be able to inspire and motivate people to pretty much do whatever you want you'll be able to predict their behaviors and know exactly the kind of person that you're dealing with at any given moment um again. I. I've. I rarely teach these two in combination uh just because it's stupidly powerful if you do.

But this is called the emotional motivation checklist. So once again just to review. I asked you what is it from this webinar you want to be able to do what's it going to do for you what's important about that and. I want you to write that answer.

I want you to physically write that answer out use the exact words that come up and. Then underneath that understand what's important about this question or this answer and write that verbatim and. Then ultimately if you had this one and you had this one what would that do for you and what's important to you about having that and write your answers now the secret to this if you want to if you want to feel the kind of influence that you're going to have on other people what. I want you to do is once you've um once you've actually done this drill.

I want you to type in the chat done. So. I know and. Then.

I'm going to teach you. I'm going to give you an experience that. I think. I hope will stay with you okay.

Just type that in the chat when you're done done okay. Excellent. So here's what we do now let me go back to [Music] um oops that didn't work it always gets hectic right. Around the transition point from phase one to phase two.

So. I apologize. So here's what's going to happen. Next right.

Is. I want you to take the the the answers that you've written okay. And. I want you to hold them up at about a 45 degree about a 45 degree angle and all.

I want you to do is read them to your the answers to your questions five times out loud in other words request the answer to question a b c d and e read them five times out loud and when you've done that type done in the chat excellent now. I'm curious good. Raymond you don't need to type it in the chat. But it's good write that and drill down like.

I showed you using that emotional motivation checklist and. Then read those answers five times out loud. I'd say. Brenton's done perfect foreign 's done.

Matthew's done this. Cliff is done perfect perfect perfect excellent now. I'm curious how do you feel now after reading almost done my wife came in all right. How do you feel now after reading the answers to those questions five times out loud you want them do you really.

Cliff do you scale of zero to ten how much might you want these wife interrupted me do it again. Phillip feel them right. Okay. Wendy says.

So much well if you want them would it be okay. If. I could show you how to get them. I'm already doing it.

But. I just wanted to ask it's okay. For me to take you to the. Next level remember.

I asked you at the beginning take you as far as. I can show you where to go for more excellent. So why. So high why did you rate these.

So high do you want these. So bad why do you want these. So badly ooh. I think.

I struck a nerve there type it in the chat why do you want these. So bad or just say it out loud to yourself either way with your permission though is it okay. For me to show you how to take this stuff to the. Next level because it'll be cool.

I feel distrustful with people great great great reason make me happy will make the world better yes. Please all right. Then with your permission let me go ahead and do this hopefully my my computer will not freeze up again um perfect and. Therefore with your permission let me share with you something.

I've put together and this is our secrets of our face reading for. Fun and. Profit how to read anyone instantly home study crash course okay. Uh this is again the fastest way.

I've found to level up your skills in the shortest amount of time possible. So here's what we're going to be doing with this the the face reading for. Fun and. Profit how to read anyone instantly home study course is all about taking your life to the.

Next level if you want to protect yourself from unscrupulous manipulators if you want to understand yourself better if you want to have the ability to read people into instantly predict their behaviors help more people feel more confident and comfortable and just move through the world just emanating and being more powerful. So that you can win the game of. Life this training is going to be one of the fast tracks to automatically becoming more. Charming charismatic and ultimately irresistible in any situation or circumstance where you choose to apply this particular methodology.

So this is what. I've put together for you today this offer is good until tonight at 11 59. PM. But if you want the course there you know you can get them at full price through the website um.

But this is probably the fastest way to get the biggest bang for your buck. So. I highly recommend you stick to the end of the webinar because again remember when we're done here after. I've shown you everything that you're going to be getting.

I'm going to teach you some more stuff that comes from these courses in this in this program that we've put together. So you can decide for yourself how far down that rabbit hole you really want to go how powerful do you want to be and do you deserve to be. So. First and foremost we're going to teach you we're going to share with you the sequence of face reading home study course this is a course that.

I created it's a re-engineering and a reorganization of the classical face reading material that. I learned from my teacher the amazing uh. Lillian. Pearl.

Bridges who wrote face reading in. Chinese medicine she was hailed as the world's greatest leading. Authority on face reading um and. I've reorganized that material.

So that you don't need a background in. Chinese medicine to use it you'll be able to rapidly and quickly assess people's personality temperament you'll be able to understand instantly how they think and how they think and how they make decisions. But not just that obviously you can tell how rapidly they're going to make a decision how rapidly they're going to act on that decision or how slowly are they more prideful are they more willful will they respond to being gently nudged or will they dig their heels in and push back that can all be seen in the face. I'll show you in simple easy steps how to do that in seconds we're going to teach you how to unlock all the emotional triggers and traumas that people have both.

So you can understand what landmines to avoid if you're a therapist you can know exactly how to figure out the fastest way to help your clients release all of these toxified emotions inside of them if you're a salesperson or a mediator or negotiator you'll know exactly how to. Target the. Public. Myth mask or the private mask to get the most psycho emotional.

Leverage over your your opponents in court um in mediation negotiation right. We're the good guys. But every gotta remember that the bad guys use powerful tools too we need powerful. Tools in our court to make the world a better place this is your way to do that you'll rapidly be able to determine what a person's management style is are they going to respond more powerfully uh as part of a team do they need to be a lone wolf do they need to be leading that team are they more likely to sabotage the team or their their immediate supervisor because they instinctively feel that that supervisor position should go to them you can look.

At a person's face and with a high degree of probability determine how this person is going to function within a corporation a team what have you uh if you're an athlete you'll be able to figure out right. Away which athletes have the greatest potential for different athletic. Pursuits it's really cool right. If you want to gauge people's sexual and.

Roman romantic compatibility there are certain traits that work well together there are certain traits that do not if you understand how to look. At these people's uh these subjects faces you can start to make very very powerful very very rapid predictions about how these people are going to get along sexually uh interpersonally uh as well as professionally it's really powerful stuff and it gives you a tremendous advantage in moving through the world if you want to be able to connect and express compassion and uh influence with other people if if moving through the world making people's lives better is something that is important to you. I have not found a more powerful way to peel back the armor and connect with people on a deep human level and a spiritual level than face reading um if you want to if you just want to understand yourself better and you know if you want to look. At if you want a quick and easy way to assess what emotions are you repressing that you've forgotten about what emotions have you not fully resolved it's as plain as the markings on your face and when you look.

At your face every morning your face will tell you the health of your body the health of your emotions the health of your spirit you'll know exactly what to look. For in the ordering sequence to look. For it. So you can decide more effectively how to resolve those things for yourself and ultimately if you see clients and patients you'll be able to help them do it too right.

Um if you want to learn how to predict and influence human behavior there's no. Better program. I've found for doing this okay. Um if you want to be the most fascinating person in a room.

I. I came across this by accident when. I studied handwriting analysis 20 30 years ago when. I started analyzing people's handwriting.

I would literally in minutes have a line of people out the door or around the corner who wanted me to work with him when. I started doing face reading um. I would get mobbed when. I would go to.

Hypno. Thoughts or these hypnosis conventions if people knew. I was a face reader. I would get mob for hours on end.

So be very very careful when you have these skills a byproduct of this training is you'll become immensely popular right. And people will be hanging on your every word. So if the if a byproduct of that if the byproduct of that of this training is you want to be in you know kind of in the background and not have people paying attention to you um well you can do that. But it's probably not going to be uh you're probably gonna get the reverse you're going to be more popular if you'd like to never be fooled again if you'd like to be able to instantly assess the probability that somebody's likely to deceive you or misrepresent themselves uh face reading is one of the most powerful ways to do it little fun factoid in classic in ancient.

China they would actually trust face reading more than the documentation of your credentials because they knew that people who had the ability to do certain things there are certain characteristics or facial characteristics because of the way they live their life that were present in their face and they would look. At your face and look. At your credentials and if the facial characteristics didn't match the credentials you were presenting you didn't get the job it was it was really interesting um how accurate these things are it's still used very very much in in the orient in terms of business law matchmaking things of that nature you'll get it all okay. This is a 1997 value it's powerful it's proven real world face reading skills and secrets for personal transformation uh on tap for you it's a 1997 value.

But as you can probably guess we're not going to stop there and when. I showed my my team this offer they thought. I was freaking nuts this is probably what. I'm about to share with you.

Next is probably one of the single biggest offers. I've ever made um. So bear with me okay. This is crazy what.

I'm about to share with you for those of you who grabbed this face reading program today we're also going to give you these exclusive special bonuses the. First one is defense against the dark arts speed profiling influence and counter manipulation home study course this the course. I shared with you earlier in the webinar this is the course that was ranked the number one. NLP course in the world for 2022. it's a four thousand five hundred and seventy six dollar value we're gonna give this to you free in this course you will get the following hey in the 16 video course you're going to start with the universal persuasion protocol how to think like a master of influence and and how to set goals and understand how to set outcomes and know when you're measuring and going towards your outcomes how to control your psycho emotional state.

So no. One else can push your buttons ever again it's a 297 value we're going to teach you the skills of of power. Rapport report training in our world comes into three levels you have classical report which everybody in. NLP learns.

Then you have kinesthetic or heart coherence which only a very select few can actually do we're going to make you an expert at heart based coherence where you can literally synchronize your neurology with the. Neurology of another human being like two. Bluetooth synchronizing and. Then for attraction protocols for attraction applications there's a special kind of vibing that anybody who wants to be attractive and charismatic has to embody we call that activity level or vibing and it has three components to it nobody's teaching it outside of one or two people and they don't teach it under this name we're going to teach you each of these three levels.

So that you can take on the exact kind of. Rapport that you need in any situation or circumstance now here's another really dangerous thing if you combine this skill these power. Rapport skills with your face reading training people will automatically become hyper suggestible to everything you say and do okay. So it's a tremendously it's it's tremendously powerful you got to be careful with it.

But if you want hypnotic and influence skills that are off the. Richter scale if you combine the face reading there's some kind of vibrational thing that happens with people when they go through the face reading training that takes everything about them and amplifies it in terms of influence and suggest ability to deliver powerful suggestions and influence when you combine it with the. Power report skills from defense against the dark arts you become. Unstoppable you really do okay.

It's not it's more than a 297 value. But we're going to give this to you um as part of our our overall package because we want you to have all the tools we're going to teach you the seven most irresistible hypnotic language patterns that exist not only. So you can use them to help other people including yourself. But.

So that you can protect yourself against them. So you can recognize when they're being used and have choice if you can make what if you for instance what if you have the ability to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener would that be useful we're going to teach you how to do that what if you could make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listeners and your subjects would that be useful if you see clients damn skipping right. What if you could direct a person's focus of attention. So that they automatically pay attention to the things you want them to and ignore everything else we're going to show you how to do that what if you could literally cause a split between the person's conscious mind and the unconscious mind and the uncon and cause the unconscious mind to just automatically run whatever program you described if you're a hypnotist a neuro-linguistic programmer who deals with a lot of resistant or reactant patients this is solid gold okay.

What if you have the ability to make anybody's internal mind movies be exactly what you describe without with zero percent chance of failure we're going to show you how to do that each of these is a 297 value what if you could literally understand a person's internal. Behavior code and use it to get people to follow your instructions and and adhere to your prescriptions and comply to your suggestions we're going to show you how to do that and upon and of course what. I just show a piece of what. I just share with you in this part is how to emotionally.

Bond anyone's deepest desires to what you want them to do to get them to do what you want them to do and actually want to do it for their own selfish reasons and they will thank you for doing this with them it's a 297 value. But we're not done yet okay. Also included in this course you'll also get the following the master keys for how to read anyone instantly the fundamentals of lie detection on demand will teach you the. Hanson 15 the 15 most powerful most consistent traits that.

Liars demonstrate in the active line will teach you to use deception indicators the the 10 or 15 characteristics isolated by a behavioral expert. Chase use that indicate when somebody is lying you'll see tremendous overlap and consistency between these behavioral characteristics it'll give you the fast track to understanding baselines and clusters and different points of things to pay attention to when people may be lying it's a 297 value we're going to teach you in this special module how to spot sociopaths narcissists and other evil a-holes. So that you are protected you can see them coming a mile away you can defend yourself against them you can neutralize them and you can go out into the world uh feeling safe and comfortable right. It's a 297 value we're going to teach you the speed profiling experts and the experts that'll allow you to prevent.

Predators from getting their hooks into you in the. First place this is based on the work of a lady named. Wendy. Patrick who created what.

I call the. Predator. Pro or isolated the five characteristics of what we call the. Predator protocol this is the the methodology that persuasion.

Predators use to take advantage of you we're going to teach you what they are. So you can you can actually perceive them and counter them and eliminate it and take yourself off of the uh off of the off of the uh the menu. So to speak we're going to teach you the flag system also developed by. Wendy which is a focused lifestyle uh associations and groups that um you can use to profile people before you go on a date with them to figure out if they're who they say they are and what they and what they say they are we're going to teach you how to turn the tables on narcissists and other persuasion.

Predators we're going to teach you reframing patterns that are allow you to instantly win any argument either they suck you into to get and keep yourself from being gaslighted or mind pardon my. French buy these these hardcore sociopathic narcissistic people who are in pervasive throughout our society it's a 297 dollar value we're also going to teach you the 21 conversational red flags that you should be looking for in any interaction that tells you where on the narcissist manipulator. Spectrum these people are okay. There's 21 specific red flags if you understand what these are anytime somebody uses them they will jump out at you like a freaking siren blaring it'll tell you stay away watch out be very careful right.

And. Finally how to instantly spot micro expression changes and subtle cues in people you interact with. So you can guide your influence in ways that you know you're moving towards the things you want a way from the things you don't want and when people lapse from. Deep.

Rapport to lying and deceptive behaviors that a whole bunch more we're also going to include the 240 page killer influence mind control. Manifesto uh total combined value if you take all the thing all the modules in this course it comes out to 4 576 dollars right. If you combine that with the face reading. Secrets you're looking at a combined value of 6573 dollars.

But we're not done yet see. I'm not done when. I create a course. I ask myself a very specific question how can.

I create a program that is. So easy to learn. So comprehensive. So step by step that you don't have to show up at a live event even though.

I want you to and you can learn it all from the privacy of your own home how can. I do that that's what. I do when. I create programs like this.

So that you can get the biggest people reading and persuasion. Bang free book. I'm extraordinarily powerful of defense against the dark arts and. I only think more and more people need to have it.

So. I want you to have it. I want you to have it for free this is a free bonus that we're going to throw in. But not only that one of the things.

I talked about earlier is that when you start to unpack your own face there's going to be things that you want to fix there's going to be markings on your face that show you where you're stuffing emotions that may be making you sick or holding you back. I want to give you a seven stage protocol to follow that allows you to remove those from your life if you see clients if you are a therapist a coach a counselor a psychotherapist a social worker. I want to give you the tools to systematically free your clients from the bondage of the emotional traumas that they have to do that. I'm going to throw in this special identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course this is a 1597 value it's going to teach you how to unlock the powers of your subconscious mind. So that you can hypnotize anyone you want to anytime anywhere under any situation or circumstance it's going to teach you how to remove blocks to success and limiting beliefs how to find and remove the hidden negativity you didn't even know you had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you've ever had a client you come in for a session to have a great result and by the time they get home their shit's back or it goes down to a certain level and it just won't move anymore this is the course you need okay. I'm going to teach you step by step how to make sure this stuff goes away and it does not come back. I want to teach you how to change that crappy voice in your head.

But also in the heads of your client. So that it's a voice that builds you up inspires you motivates you and tells you all the reasons why you deserve to have things instead of making up excuses for why you can't right. Finally. I'm going to teach you how to take all of that and install the uh default driver states that lead to.

Absolute success in the real world. So that you have these on tap they become your normal way of moving through the world and. I'm going to take all that and show you how to install it at the genetic level like genetic memory like if you've ever heard of. Dr.

Bruce. Lipton talking about epigenetics can you actually program your. DNA and front load it with these these techniques. So that it automatically defaults to these processes anytime you encounter crap in your life the answer is yes.

And. Then. Finally we're going to show you very systematically how to add and install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and want to be like into your mind and body. So you can take on those attributes and move through the world expressing them to make your life the way you want it to be and be the person you want to be instead of the what instead of the person that education.

Society religion peer groups have conspired to make you it's all about setting yourself free on a massive scale okay. It's a 1597 value we're going to give this to you free because we want you to have the tools to make the changes that you truly want and desire if you add up all the numbers. So far you're looking at eight thousand one hundred and seventy dollars of pure nuclear value. But there's more okay.

Fine. Last and not least we're going to throw in probably one of the coolest courses. I ever created it's one of our older courses. But it stands the test of time people always want to know about.

Body. Language they want to know about. Rapport skills they want to know how to use body language not just to read people. But to influence people and this is this course is probably one of my favorites it's called people reading for.

Fun and. Profit body language sequence home study course in this course you will learn how to read people's body language and expressions to understand the body language of. Attraction detect lies and other deceptive behaviors to influence people without word most some some of you know this some of you don't. I right.

Before covet hit. I was actually contracted by one of the big four accounting firms to create a an entire system of non-verbal influence for them to teach to their their partners and and sales reps right. The foundations of that course came from this this course okay. So a lot of the good stuff is in there if you if you want to project charm and confidence and.

Charisma on command this course will show you how to do it if you want ladies if you want to understand men better this course will show you how to do it men if you want to understand women better this course will show you how to do it if you want to systematically eliminate the behaviors and. Body. Language cues that actually make you less trustworthy less influential less charismatic we're going to show you how to do that if you'd like to close more deals get more dates yada yada yada we'll show you how to do that this will add. So much energy to your to your your system and your ability to influence it's not even funny total values nine thousand six hundred it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free total value is 9677.

But we're not done let's review what we got real quick just. So we don't get lost okay. Secrets of face reading home study course valued at 1997 the speed profiling defense against the dark arts home study course valued at four thousand five hundred seventy six dollars we're going to give that to you free identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1 597 we're going to give that to you free the people reading for.

Fun and. Profit today intensive 1497 we're going to give it to you free total value if you wanted to buy it today off the website would be 9667 dollars as you can probably guess today. I want you to get the best deal humanly possible. I want to help you help yourselves okay.

One of the byproducts of this training is that you'll rapidly find everything in your life getting easier if you take the time to actually utilize these skills. So. I want to you won't have to pay 9 667 we're not even going to charge you six thousand four hundred ninety seven or five thousand three hundred ninety seven we're not even going to charge you three thousand three thirty seven and you know what we're not even going to go with 23.97 . for those of you who want to grab this kind of power this kind of influence the ability to read people on demand and influence them to do what you want starting with yourself and other people you can get it all for one low investment of just 14.97 or if you need a little help we can help you with four easy installments of just 397 each all you need to do to reserve your course to get started now is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face that's www.davidsoniderenlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e this is the fastest most this is the most comprehensive course. I've ever put together for reading people and protecting yourself in the applications that you want um my market my marketing team said.

I was crazy. But this is what we're doing okay. All you got to do is go to www.davidsonidernlp.com forward slash face and you have nothing to risk grab your course now test drive it for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to understanding you the patterns of human behavior and faces better if you're not actually having more yeses in your life if you're not on the fast track to making more money getting more dates and manifesting the life of your dreams if you're not expressing or feeling more secure confident or powerful. I'll refund your money because if it's not working for you.

I don't want it right. It's very simple test drive this whole this whole shebang for 60 days now remember you're fully supported when you have this program if you have any questions any sticking points all you got to do is pick up the phone call my administrative. God is. Stephanie skiba at 858-282-4663 and we will get the answer to your questions we will we will walk you through the sticking points we will point you in the direction of resources additional resources for free that you can get okay.

My job is to show you the fastest path to getting the life you want the way you want it and to clear out the blockages to your success if after 60 days this program isn't moving you on the fast track towards that pick up the phone send us an email let us know. I'll refund every penny you invested okay. No. I will ask questions.

But you'll still probably get the refund if you're if you're not satisfied. I don't want you. I don't want your investment okay. Okay.

Let's see here. So go. So get yours before they're all gone go to www.davidsonidernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e go to www.davidsonlp.com forward slash face okay. Now for those of you who know that this is this is your this is your shot this is your ticket okay.

For those of you who are ready to level up. I want to reward you for being the. First to step up to raise your hand. So if you grab your course right.

Now before. I log off this webinar. I'm going to share with you some amazingly cool extra bonuses. First and foremost.

I'm going to give you okay. I'm gonna give you a three-month trial membership to our. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program.

So let me jump on let me jump out of my. PowerPoint for just a minute uh and explain to you a little bit about how that works okay. The. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest continually running master. NLP and hypnosis mentoring program we started it in. October of 2010. it has run every single month non-stop since. Then it in the way it works is if people want to you know it you're not going to get a certificate from.

The. Mastermind. So if you've joined our you know versions of our. Mastermind looking for certification that's not what it's about the.

Mastermind is all about. Hands-On training. Hands-On skills and being part of the community that supports you that is interested in the same things you are and the way it works is on the. Third.

Saturday of every month from 11. A.M to 4. P.M we log in or we show up in person usually both and. I ask flowing.

Brook. What do you want to learn. Kevin what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn.

Brenton what do you want to learn and. I write down what you want to know about on my whiteboard step back. I look. At the.

Connecting. Threads. I see where all of these different things intersect and. I create a lesson plan for you and the group right.

On the spot and for the. Next four to six hours. I drill you on those skills specifically until you can do it in your sleep now we cover everything in the. Mastermind it has to do with influencing human human beings and probability.

So everything from energy healing. Law of. Attraction traumatology attraction dating marketing business development accelerated learning past life regression regression therapy uh hypnotic language patterns you name it if it involves the mind the body and energy it's probably in there or that we've we've done it or we'll be doing it okay. Now you're going to get three months of complete access to my community people who are you know all my masterminders please type in uh your name in the chat say me in the chat these.

The. Mastermind people are some of the most caring loving supportive people. I've ever met they are passionate about all of these things just like you and they want to know you and they want to help you and work with you these are people that absolutely love this stuff and they no. Longer feel like an outsider wandering alone in the wilderness.

So if you've ever felt that way try. The. Mastermind mentoring program for the three-month trial if you like it stay if you don't let us know and uh you know we'll remove you from the group if you like if you want to stay let us know we'll show you how to stick how to maintain your membership now that's just part of it the other thing. I want you to know is that since 2010 we have videotaped every single training session we've ever run okay.

As a member of our. Mastermind mentoring program you will get unlimited access to the entire 11-year archive thousands of hours of video that have never seen the light of day that are only available to our private. Elite. Mastermind members you can binge watch it to your heart's content if you like binge watching what we do on.

YouTube you'll love. The. Mastermind and it covers everything right. Because it is member driven it's a little bit more organic in terms of what we cover on a day-to-day there's a lot of repetition.

But if you have a question chances are your answer's in there okay. So. I just wanted to kind of jump off the. PowerPoint for a moment and really explain the value of this because one of the things that you need not it's important to have a good comprehensive package like we're sharing with you the other important thing you need is opportunities to practice opportunities to get real world feedback on these things bodies.

So that you can practice your face reading practice your. Rapport. Skills. Practice your language patterns and get feedback from me feedback from other humans who don't know you right.

It's it's the fastest way to level up we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to succeed you do us no. Good as a community as a failure we want to give you every opportunity to get this going this is uh a 1 997 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free as one of the. First 25 people to jump into this program we want you to win and. So this is how we're going to do that okay.

We're here to support you. So let me jump back to my presentation and uh we'll go from there also for those of you who are fast action takers for those of you who know that this is where you need to go and this is where you belong we're also going to throw in one of our cooler classes this is face reading level two this is going to take pick up where face reading level one wears off and take you even deeper into the art and science of face reading for persuasion and influence purposes okay. We have other trainings where you'll be able to get into the healing applications of this um you'll be able to look. At people's ears tell you what level of fear they have in their life their risk-taking abilities and assessments how bossy someone is someone's tolerance of authority uh how generous someone may or may not be right.

All these things and more are part of the face reading level two program and you'll literally be able to create a complete personality profile in as little as uh 90 seconds okay. It's a 1997 value we're going to give this to you for free total combined value if you do all the math my friends is 13 661 dollars okay. It's huge huge huge. Anyway.

But you know what. I like to do things in threes we're not done yet and. I know a lot of you would very much like the ability to spend some time in person with me and. I want to make that happen for you.

So for those of you who grab this offer before. I log off tonight's webinar. I'm going to give you this free. VIP super ticket to our.

Next face reading live certification boot camp in. Dallas. Texas. April 25th through the 27th in this face reading program you will learn the secrets of face reading for persuasion and influence you will learn how to gauge and understand people's trauma history the timeline of their life you'll be able to look.

At somebody's face and you can actually tell them if they had trouble um when they were being born in utero you'll be able to tell if people. When people's siblings were born you'll be able to predict in many cases are in retrocognitively you'll be able to tell when people had accidents in their life when people might be having accidents in their life you'll be able to gauge the the health the lifestyle and the constitution of anyone you meet you'll understand the difference between the terms. Jing and. Chi and shin and what these three substances mean to the health and well-being of a human being you'll be able to look.

At the colorations in people's faces and diagnose with a pretty high degree of certainty if something going on with their heart their liver their kidney their lungs are spleen and you can use that material to influence people both for their. Health and. Welfare their emotional well-being or in your business applications you'll be able to understand the markings and the block energy blockages in their face and know where they're strong what talents they have where they're weak where where you know places you shouldn't put them we're going to lock you in a room with me for three solid days and we're going to turn you into a face reading super person it's a two thousand seven hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free now let me tell you something a little bit about our. VIP ticket program our.

VIP ticket program once you have this ticket you have it until you use it. So if it takes you five years to get to a face reading certification that ticket is still good if we raise the price between now and those five years you don't pay a dime you go right. To the front of the room you get if there's a there's there's a a line you go to the head of it if you want to gift that ticket to somebody else who you think would benefit from coming to our live training you can do that if something happens at the. Last minute that you can't come to the training all you got to do is pick up the phone or send us an email let us know we'll move you to the.

Next space reading certification if the training is full we anticipate it will fill up very very quickly and your schedule suddenly frees up at the. Last minute. But it's sold out if you have a. VIP ticket we will make a seat just for you that is your privilege that's what happened to supervip ticket actually means if we do a face feeding training in some place other than the.

United. States where. Europe or. Great.

Britain where the exchange rate is you know pound sterling or euros and and you have to pay that different you won't have to pay that difference money no. Longer matters you have a price guarantee no. Matter where we do that live that face reading training you will get in for free it's my gift to you because not only do. I want you to have this information in your in your collection and in your memory bank from the videos.

I want you in the room with me. So. I can make sure you embody this training okay. Total combined value you'll be able to instantly read people's personality understand how they think feel and behave measure their sexual romantic compatibility the current state of their physical and emotional health uncover result and resolve forgotten traumas their relationships and their parents with their parents and their siblings and how they make decisions and much much more.

I want to give this to you absolutely free total combined value if you look. At the entire face reading how to read any one home study course you're looking at 16 411 if you were to try to buy all these things individually it's all yours secrets of face reading home study course 1997 value defense against the dark arts home study course 4576 value we're going to give it to you free the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course 1597 value we're gonna give it to you free the people reading for. Fun and.

Profit home study course 1497 value we're going to give it to you for free we're going to give you three month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and full unfettered access for those 90 days to the entire archive of 11 years of. Hardcore.

Hands-On training that you can binge watch to your heart's content it's a 1997 value we're going to give it to you free and. Finally the face reading for uh profit level two home study course 1997 value we're going to give it to you free to really round out your training we're going to give you the face reading uh and human influence. VIP super ticket three-day certification boot camp. April 25th to the 27th 2023 in.

Dallas. Texas it's a two thousand seven hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free your investment today is one low investment low installment of just one thousand or one four nine seven or you can break that up into four easy payments for easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to grab yours right. Now and. I mean right.

Now is www go to www.davidsonidernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e that's www.davidsonlp.com forward slash face one more time with feeling go now www.davidsonlp.com forward slash face okay. That being said while you're doing that. I'm going to go ahead as is my custom is. I'm going to go ahead and give us a seven minute break to use the restroom finalize your package any questions that you may have right.

And. Then what when we come back from our break we're going to enter phase three of our webinar we're going to start going through the emotions of the face we're going to merge into what we call the face reading. AMA where you get to ask me any question you want and. I will give you the answers to that uh that question to those questions okay.

So again it is 5 45 um let's come back at um five three and we will begin with part three emotions of the face and things and we'll start actually contextualizing some of our influence. But go right. Now get your course right. Now go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e that's www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e uh and we will see you in seven minutes foreign foreign okay.

My friends we are back now while before we transition into part three does anybody have questions that. I can answer for you anything that. I can anything that. I can any sticking points or things you want me to go over before we we go back into emotions in the face.

I mean is that where you guys want to go do you guys want to know about emotions hold on a. Second if we see a face as a screen or monitor of a body meter repair you mean. Zone one okay. Ali.

I'm not sure. I understand your question um if you can maybe clarify it a little bit for me there believe it or not in your question there actually is a correlation um between the reptile the the neocortex the uh mammalian brain and. The. Reptilian.

Brain um. But that's not something we're going to cover on a webinar we'll actually talk about that in the face reading classes there's all kinds of really cool correspondences uh. I want to know can easily remove or add a new scar pardon me. I wolfed down an apple during the break one of the interesting things about scarves really quickly is that anything that changes the.

Jing level which you'll learn about in. Dallas it's all in fact the the big emphasis uh of the. Dallas training is the. Jing level of the human mind and body and you learn a lot about.

Jing blockages for health and. Constitution and what that means what's interesting is that um if you have uh like say. I have my the my my. River of.

Life goes right. Down the center of my face if. I have a scar across that facial. Zone that can actually significantly impact the flow of energy throughout the course of my life in terms of finances in terms of overall health and wellness um it can also it can actually cause me to have a problem uh in my 20s.

So if you the uh the the the the chronology for. People starts at 15 and goes down the set and zigzags down the forehead. So if. I have a scar here that can be that can cause me a lot of problems if.

I have a scar at other places a lot of times uh there's a predict it's against this is where it gets kind of woo-woo. But you don't have to believe it just experience it a lot of times people will mark when events will happen in their life on their face like one of the one of the coolest things and it's probably the easiest one to prove is siblings will uh children will often mark the year when their when their siblings will be born you can see it on their ears okay. Not the parents the children the children. Mark when their siblings are going to be born uh if you modify the.

Bony architecture of the face it can significantly impact your skills and abilities not just your personality. But your actual physical abilities. Lillian. Tells a.

Story one time about a client she had um who had this very very pronounced almost cro-magnon-level jaw and he was a. Superstar athlete and as a graduation present from high school his mother got him plastic surgery had his jaw fixed and from the moment um he came back he lost his ability to play football he was on the fast track to college scholarships the pros you name it he lost a huge amount of his athletic ability because they removed. So much bone from the body that's this is your treasure they call it your. Jing right.

And you'll learn about this a lot it's gonna affect the training in. Dallas is going to focus on this. Jing level this this pure raw potential that every human being has how to read it um and how to how to work with it preserve it magnify it stuff like that um which the the the modern version the. Communist version the post-communist version of.

Chinese medicine says you can't do. But the ancient forms of medicine say yes. You can right. Um we're going to show you the practice of the practices for that as well.

So like. I said my goal is to is to perpetuate the lineage. I was given. But also to add to that lineage to flesh it out to build it to make it even better right.

Um and. So. I'm continuing to do the research that's one of the reasons. I'm doing the.

Chinese energetic medicine thing. But going back to scars scars are really powerful and you can tell you can and this is one of the ways that we proved face reading over and over and over again some will come up to me and say um. I have a scar right. Here what is it and.

I'll ask and. I'll look. At the age of like 23 22 to 24. I said what happened when you were 23. oh.

I had a car accident boom. I said was the scar there before that. I said yes. He says yes.

He's like oh my gosh right. It's crazy right. This again you don't got to believe it that's what's cool now the other thing that's going to be hard for you people to believe and you may have heard me say this on on other webinars and things like that. But one of the things that's going to be really hard to believe is that when you actually help somebody resolve some of these emotions that we're going to talk about in a moment the marking goes away the face changes.

I did. So now. I. I was the from across the freaking.

Symposium you heard. David. Snyder go. Musa right.

And sure enough. I got into a face reading class on the very. Last day of um on the very. Last day of the training.

Lillian brought in random strangers. I had no. Idea what any of these people were nobody needed anybody else and she would resign us to a person and she would say okay. You read his face and they would take a before picture like they'd they had a wall good lighting they take a picture of him.

I'd take them off. I do the reading just before he went home they took. Another picture he went off after everybody left. Lillian would put the picture side by side and they were different faces like literally different faces face readers if you've seen somebody's face change right.

In front of you as a byproduct of this training type yes. In the chat or type yes. It's true in the chat. Seth says.

I've seen faces change. Liam says true it's crazy isn't it now a lot of you guys a lot of you guys who are healers and therapists who have successfully worked with somebody you probably had people's faces change in front of you too. But you weren't sensitized to it. So you didn't notice.

But when you start it's it's crazy one of the. Lillian's assistants. Kelly who is probably the most qualified of all of. Lillian students to take over her lineage.

But she's not. I don't know why um. I saw pictures of. Kelly 20 years ago when she started when she.

First started working with. Lillian and she looked like she was in her 30s or she looked like an old woman big wrinkles everywhere and. Then. I saw pictures of her like five years three or four years ago we were at a jing training and.

I saw modern pictures there's not a mark on her face the wrinkles are all gone it's crazy it's crazy. Liam says. I've seen faces get younger before my eyes. Bingo it's crazy right.

This is for those of you who are kind of treading that line between three dimensions and multi-dimensions and aren't sure where you fit in that. Continuum this is actually a great place to kind of explore real world application and the borderline of woo this will actually expand your um your under your experience of the world it will you'll see the. Matrix on a whole different level. Craig says.

I do cranial osteopathy and corroborate facial change observation boom there it is see. I'm not the only one who's crazy right. We'll show you how to do you'll do this faster again face reading. I think if you're any kind of caregiver you need to have this this skill set.

I think if you're any kind of influence professional you need to have this skill set right. Um it's just it's it's just one of those things you can't afford to be without and. I would really like you to come to. Dallas and and play with us and and really have some fun okay.

So that being said um you know. I'll re. I'll flash back periodically alien says. I'm in perfect.

Eileen. I'm glad you're with us sweetie um anybody else with us who else is with us on that who's coming out who's coming to. Dallas. Ashley says yay.

Wendy says. I'm in my hero foreign all right. Seth says. I'll be there no.

Seth is great. Johnny. Eagle says possibly okay. All right.

Likely bought the ticket come to. Hawaii. I'm working on that um okay. Greg says.

I bought the package just can't make it this year that's fine you have your ticket. Next time we have a face reading training you'll hear about it you just let. Stephanie know you have the ticket he'll come in. Elizabeth says.

Hilo not. Kona am. I in. Dallas right.

Now no. I'll be there in. April we're actually. Testing.

Dallas as a potential hub for further trainings right. Now our. Hub is going to be. Vegas because it's just easiest to get to it's the cheapest for most people.

But we have a huge fan base in. Dallas in. Texas in general. So we're giving you guys a shot you know we want we want to be available to you guys um and we're going to test it out and.

Then if it works out for us we'll do more events in. Dallas uh. I'm excited about it because. I used to live in.

Norman. Oklahoma. So. I used to drive back and forth between.

Dallas all the time now do. I have to be vaccinated. I don't think. So.

Wendy all right. Where are you coming from where are you coming from. Sydney no. I don't think because we don't need we don't need a vaccination to go to.

Sydney. So. I don't think you need one to come in right. Do your due diligence on that though okay.

Stephanie says no. Doctor we're kind of up on this the whole. Sydney thing because we're going to. Australia in uh in.

May and. So we're going to be there for six uh for actually two trainings if you're interested we'll tell you about that um and if for any of you who are in. Australia and you can't come to face reading which. I want you to.

But if you'd rather use that ticket for one of the trainings we're going to do in. Australia let. Stephanie know um and we'll we'll see what we can do about uh getting you in. Timothy not in.

Dallas and your taxes will thank you for coming to. Texas you know what. Timothy. I do.

I believe you. I believe you okay. All right. Let's go let's talk do you guys want to talk about emotions is there some other aspect of face reading you guys want to talk about what do you want to talk about foreign says.

I'm in also. Aaron my son is using what he learned at killer influence with great success. Bingo you rock. David.

I'm eternally grateful for what you taught him well you thank you know what thank you. Len. But it's a team effort. I had some great people uh as handlers they were doing amazing stuff and uh you guys were in a fantastic class.

I can't wait to see you guys again. Elizabeth wants to know how do. I access the classes uh reach out to. Stephanie at 858 two eight two four six six three uh and she'll walk you through it drama and emotions okay.

We can do that. Timothy says lying or hiding or holding info back. I can do that all right. Well there's a lot to the emotions.

So let's start there okay. If there's anything else that comes up you'd love to learn how to repair scribes actually that's more from my um my. Qigong training. But.

I can. I can give you a little primer on how it works luck features um if. I can if. I have time.

Alex. I'll see what. I can what. I can do with that okay.

Let's start with emotions though let's get let's jump into that uh let me pull up my. OneNote emotions and. I gotta be honest um this was this you know. I told you about the decision making thing as being one of the biggest.

OMG moments ever this one that we're going to be going into. Next was was the the deal sealer for me let me see if. I could just make this a little bit bigger before. I share it why is it being a butthead okay.

So hopefully you guys can see this uh share screen oops that's not what. I wanted thank you for your patience with my uh my slow going on sharing on screen sharing and bouncing from one platform to the. Next and you guys um this is a copyrighted image okay. So.

I don't mind if you. I mean it's from. Lillian's book. Um.

So. I would appreciate if you would respect the intellectual property. I. I think it's okay.

For you to take a screenshot of it. But please don't publish it anywhere okay. Um. I'm actually having an artist start to render some some other drawings and stuff like that um when.

Lillian was alive um she was pretty adamant about people not using her her materials she passed away uh in 2019 2020. I think it was something like that. I can't remember no. It's 2020.

I think she passed away um. So obviously she's not going to be quite as adamant about people using her materials or not. But out of respect for her uh and people who are in the lineage use it for yourself. But.

But please avoid sharing it. I know if you look. Hard enough you'll probably find this thing on. Google.

Images somebody somewhere copied it. But um. So let's start off with oh. God this is frustrating um hold on a.

Second. I just need to make this bigger apparently here we go all right. That's better. So we're gonna if you if we could imagine drawing a clock face with 12 o'clock is being up here and six o'clock is down here we're gonna go clockwise and we're going to go in groups of uh groups of three to five.

So the. First place. I want us to look. At is skepticism skepticism can be seen by a line a wrinkle that starts at about the middle of the eyebrow and migrates laterally from the middle line to the the the lateral border of the eyebrow when you see people with this line these are people who tend to take nothing at face value they want they're going to come at anything you tell them with a heavy dose of skepticism and pruvitness.

So when you see this line you better make sure that you have your ducks in a row because they're going to call you on it they're not going to take everything you say at face value uh no. Lillian. Pastor. Ash when.

Lillian passed away. I believe was in 2020 um and it was a great loss to the face reading world um her book. Face reading and. Chinese medicine is required for all of my classes.

So if you don't have it. I recommend you grab it okay. Another line we want to look. At starts at the outer kanthi and it migrates upward this is a joy line now these are fairly you know we call these crow's feet or laugh lines one of the things we if we were doing active profiling and the difference between what.

I call. Active profiling and passive profile. So let me kind of put that out there. So all of this is all about profiling personality.

But you have two kinds of profiling you have active and passive active profiling you can think of as micro expressions minute changes that happen uh in the moment right. So if somebody's if. I'm talking to somebody and all of a sudden um they have this. Rush of emotion that they have to suppress right.

That would be and you'd see a flash across their face that would be an example of active profiling or micro expressions let me just make this a little bit smaller okay. Face reading that we're learning is what we call uh this would be a passive face feeding this would be the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions. So these stick around these. These are always present that makes any kind of sense right.

Whereas micro. Expressions come and go right. So skepticism. Joy now if we're if we're looking at this.

Joy line. The. Joy line should never in a healthy person. The.

Joy line should never travel past the eyebrow okay. In situations where we see the. I the the joyline passing the eyebrow this. Verge is on what the.

Chinese systems call. Mania or hyperactivity this is someone who'd be up at three o'clock in the morning texting maybe borderline uh um bipolar right. These are people who have an unhealthy pathological level of neurological arousal going on in their systems okay. Okay.

So once again you can see a. Yin or a you know a healthy versus a healthy versus a pathological change here. So you have health over here and you have unhealthy here let me go ahead and open it up for questions. So all emotions come with age no.

Not necessarily what happens a lot of times is the way you process or refuse to process emotions will dictate most of the markings on your face this is one of the reasons why we tend not to and and. So the. Chinese would say or the. Asian systems would say um when you're born you're never you're as close to your original face as you'll ever be when you hit your your 40s and 50s you've got the face you deserve right.

So when you come into this world you're this beautiful radiant. Light. Spirit in a physical body your spirit is radiant and it's and it's um making that body grow and prosper and become strong. But as you go through life experiences traumas things of that nature the emotional baggage that you accumulate starts to dim that light especially if you can't let it go and those that that build up of toxified emotion is what causes the body to age and die and as you process those things out face reading is one way to do that as you process those things out you start to look.

Younger because more of your spirit comes back into your body and the body starts to reverse the aging process. So holistic star is saying what's the best way to release emotions attached to those lines. I love hearing what you say that a face can change in a weekend oh it can change faster than a weekend. But there are several ways to do this face reading has its own unique way of doing it it's through dialogue and reframing uh.

Lillian would call it compassion. I would. I called it when. I watched.

Lillian do it. I nicknamed it compassionate provocation if she was drawn to a marking on the face we would just ask questions about it and what it meant based on what we were taught and we would look. For the shend the spirit in a person's body to change now one of the ways that you you you calibrate. Shen or spirit is the light behind the eyes.

When a person is that when their. Spirit comes into their body the eyes. Light up the skin lights up if you've ever if you've ever seen somebody go from completely depressed and. Then you hand them a puppy and they like light up like a.

Christmas tree what you're seeing is what we call a. Shen in moment or. Shen in body moment in that moment of joy and. Elation the spirit rushes into the body and the light from the heart shines out through the eyes.

And beneath the skin conversely when you see when you see somebody get bad news and they go into sadness or grief you'll see the light and the light in the behind the eyes. And the light under the skin begin to diminish right. This is called a. Shen out of body moment and that's what happens in moments of trauma when the.

Shen leaves the body when your spiritual energy your spiritual vessel leaves your body the body starts to break down when the body when the spiritual vessel merges more fully with the body the body starts to get healthier okay. It reverses entropy right. And. So when as a face reader this is one of the things that we look.

For when we're talking about markings on the face okay. Because as. I'm talking like say. I'm talking let.

Sam look. We're going to talk about sadness lines and grief lines in a minute let's say. I'm talking about. I could see on somebody's face they have a huge amount of unprocessed grief or law or sadness what.

I'll do is. I'll say you have some a beautiful a beautiful cheekbone. But. I notice you have some very deep long lines there and that often indicates somebody who's had a lot of things that they've loved that they've lost and they haven't finished grieving about yet does anything come to mind when you when you think about that and.

I'm gonna watch their eyes. Because the moment they they tap into it you'll see the eye. Spark right. You've literally forced the spirit back into the body and the idea is.

I'm. Gonna. Keep provoking that response until they release that emotion once they've released that emotion. Then.

I'm going to help them reframe. The. Experience. So that it becomes something positive that they've learned and if.

I've done that properly the marking will start to fade and diminish okay. Lots of ways to do that okay. But that's what. I call.

Compassionate provocation. Lillian used to have a problem trying to figure out if she did a good job or not because um like in order for people for her to facilitate a healing she'd have to get these people to emotionally react and invent stuff and. So she started relying on did the person have more. Shen after the reading than they did before the reading if the person left the the the session with more it more in their body than when they left she considered that a success okay.

So does that make sense does does that help kind of went off on a little bit of a tangent there are we clear on on skepticism and sadness okay. Or except in joy and. Mania right. Lisa says.

I see a face change before and after client sessions very good yeah. I do too all the time right. So the. Next couple lines we're going to look.

At. So we talked about let me go back to sharing my screen. So we talked again about skepticism we talked about joy and we kind of compared that with hyperactivity or. Mania the.

Next thing we're going to look. At is sadness now sadness is kind of on a. Continuum this whole area is related to the lung. So a lot of times what you'll see in this area um if you're if you're a if you're a nurse or a physician or an acupuncturist a lot of times people will come to you with lung issues and if you see these lines going through the lung area of the face you can almost bet dollars to.

Donuts that they've been stuffing down and holding in great grief sadness or sorrow okay. We'll talk about lost loves also uh in just a moment. But let's look. At this all of these are related to each rated related to laws.

So the. First line we want to look. At is the saddest land it starts at the outer kanthai and it's a short line it travels very short usually doesn't break the cheekbone it doesn't break the line of the cheekbone this is someone who who's been holding in a lot of sadness that they haven't fully processed okay. Now the deeper and longer the lines the older and more repressed the energy tends to be okay.

If you see a line that starts to trend from the outer corner of the eye and and. Contours that cheekbone now you're looking at sorrow this is a deeper more stagnant level of sadness um you know you can feel sad if you don't win the lotto or somebody uh you know um takes your you know takes your favorite pair of shoes or something like that you can also feel angry sorrow happens when you lose something something or someone you love right. It's a deeper more more um just a more solid level of sorrow. But the deeper and longer these lines the older it is also the further back the lines travel the older it is okay.

I don't you don't need to worry about judging how long somebody's had something for right. Now it's enough to know if they're if they're if they're at the sadness level the sorrow level or when that line travels all the way down the cheekbone almost to the jawline and anywhere in here really you're looking at grief and this almost always happens um from the loss of a loved one or a significant other um and when. I see grief what what. I see a lot of times is that people have uh given themselves an arbitrary amount of time to grieve and when they reach that.

Mo that that that point they've set in stone they say okay. I've given myself this much time to grieve now. I'm done and they stuff down the rest of it that's where these lines start to come from in my opinion okay. You can't arbitrarily set a time limit for how how long you need to grieve.

But anytime you see these lines you're looking at unprocessed grief okay. So let's just review really really quick skepticism starts as a line at the middle of the eyebrow moving laterally. Joy starts at the outer campus trending upward ending before the eyebrow. Mania starts at the outer campus as a joy line.

But. Then keeps going until it passes it passes the eyebrow sadness sorrow and grief all start from the same place. But the longer and deeper the lines it's like it's like a uh a. Continuum it goes from sadness.

Then it goes to sorrow. Then it goes to grief right. These are grief and sorrow are really kind of in my opinion the most problematic of the uh the loss-based emotions okay. Um we're going to cover lost loves and disempowerment.

Next. But before we do. I want to remind you that we still have a few slots left for the amazingly cool um offer our super face reading how to read any one super package. So let's just go take a moment and review that for you.

So for those of you who are on the fence again the. Jing stuff will a lot of this will be going over in much greater detail uh in. Dallas as well as in your home study course secrets of face reading home study course is a 1997 value um it includes our patented defense against the dark. Arch home study course it's a 4576 value uh real world hypnosis identity by.

Design home study course 1597 value we're going to give that to you free uh the people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course the body language secrets and influence home study course 1497 we're going to give that to you absolutely free uh the um face reading or the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program plus the 11-year video archive three-month trial 1997 we're going to give that to you absolutely free the face rating for. Fun and. Profit level two home study course picks up where level one leaves off 1997 value we're going to give that to you for free and of course the face reading and human influence. VIP super ticket uh three-day certification boot camp live.

April 25th to the 27th 2023 in. Dallas. Texas it's a 2 750 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free total package value is 16 411 all you need to do to reserve your spot now to save your package and get started immediately as for one low installment go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face click that link now it's only one 14.97 or if you need to you can break that up into smaller payments of uh four easy payments of just 3.97 each click the link www.davidsniderenlp.com forward slash face uh click the link right. Now www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face keep in mind when.

I log off the webinar tonight the fast action bonuses go away you can um when what. I mean by that is uh you'll have until 11 59 pm tonight to collect to get the primary course which is secrets of face reading defense against the dark arts real world hypnosis and. Enemy by. Design and people reading for.

Fun and. Profit that's the primary offer the fast action bonuses go away as soon as. I log off the webinar. So you'll lose the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring trial and the archive you'll lose the face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two and you'll lose the.

VIP super ticket. So if you want the biggest bang for your buck and you know you deserve it okay. I really. I can't encourage you enough to click that link right.

Now remember you've got 60 days if you're not getting what you need out of it after 60 within 60 days let us know we'll refund your money or we'll walk you through the sticking points whatever we've got to do to make you successful that's what we're going to do total package value is 16 411 click that link right. Now for just 14 one low installment of 1497 or four easy installments at just 397 www.davidsniderenlp.com forward slash face that being said let's face other things and this back to face reading okay. So we should be back at our face reading good. So let's talk about lost loves for just a moment lost loves is a little bit of a different animal all the in my experience all of the pathological emotions that relate to the lungs by the way there are others uh which we'll teach you about in vibrational influence and vibrational healing.

But the big ones you're going to see most often are going to be sadness sorrow and grief one of the ones that kind of screws people up is this concept of lost loves because the. First thing that pops to mind when people talk about lost loves is that they've lost a person. But that's not necessarily true lost loves can often indicate an activity that somebody love now one of the things we talk about in face reading is something called your original face or your golden path okay. And you heard me say earlier that basically the.

Chinese system the. Chinese system they say that when you're born you're never closer to your original face as when you're born. So what does that actually mean you're not a body you're a light creating a body that body's appearance changes as your frequencies change right. Um oh is it did.

I get the dates wrong okay. I all right. I must have missed that. I will pardon me the dates for the live training are.

April 5th 13th to the 15th uh my my bad out my type my bad okay. I don't know how. I how. I screwed that up.

But. Anyway all right. So yeah. April 13th through the 15th is the live training.

I hope that doesn't screw anybody's plans up if it does let us know we'll move you do another training all right. So going back to this original face idea right. I'm curious how many of you have have ever said what. I'm about have ever heard what.

I'm about to say either you said it yourself or you heard somebody else say it or uh as a one of your clients said it how many other have you ever heard this. I know. I'm meant to do something important in this life if. I could only figure out what it was have any of you ever heard that expression or something similar okay.

Lisa says yes. Anybody else yes. Wendy says okay. All right.

Every human being that incarnates comes in with what they call a golden path and this is the spiritual mission that you came here to fulfill and it's usually not one thing it's usually a tiered number of things you're meant to do and. So part of the. Taoist and the. Buddhist systems is about after you incarnate and you go through a body of.

Life. Experiences how do you get back to your original face original face is that pure spiritual being that you are or were when you took. On a body. I came here to do something important.

So we have a and the taoists call that a golden path a golden path is your mission in this life now it's not a job it can. Encompass many jobs. But it's a life. Direction and.

So one of the things and how does this relate to. Lost loves when you see markings like this this lost love. Market what you're usually seeing is somebody who had been involved in an activity or a relationship that was part of that spiritual. Mission or golden path and you can always tell these things because when you do them you light up like a.

Christmas tree you can be dog ass tired right. You've just gone six rounds with. Muhammad. Ali somebody mentions an opportunity to do this thing or be with this one person and energy comes out of nowhere right.

Have you guys ever had experience like that yes. Or no. Okay. Those activities those relationships were a destined part of your golden path in this life.

So what happens a lot of times is if you're going through life and you lose the ability to participate in that particular activity or that relationship you go through a grieving process and you will mark from the inner campus down over that cheekbone and and it merges with the the sadness lines. So uh let me just kind of annotate this for you a little bit foreign. So once again um now. I've seen that.

I've seen this line manifest two different ways. I've seen it exactly like you see here where it starts at the inner kanthi and it just flows down now the longer and deeper the line the greater the loss the longer and deeper the line the greater and older the loss okay. But sometimes what happens is the line starts at the inner canvas. But it comes across merges with the sorrow or grief line and.

Then moves down okay. So anytime you see this kind of a marking this is somebody who's lost something that was such an important part of their identity and their value system that they simply can't let it go part of your job as a as a. Healer part of your job as a face reader part of your job as someone who's using face reading to become the best version of yourself is to find a way to reclaim these lost loves and when you do that you'll start to be able to process this loss and these lines will start to go away or will start to fade okay. So this is a really really important line okay.

Especially when we're doing golden path training you'll learn a lot about them uh in the. Jing training coming up in. Dallas. April 13th through the 15th.

So once again quick review you've got skepticism. Mania. Joy sadness grief and sorrow lost loves before we move on deeper do you have any questions for me now. YouTube's on a little bit of a delay uh.

So. I'll. I'll follow up with you guys when he says. Shane yeah it's a shame yeah um.

I do have photos. But um again it would make the it would make the presentation a little too long and during the live event and during your face reading course you'll get lots of pictures the class we record all of our classes folks it's just we don't always release all of them. So any questions about what we've covered. So far in terms of the the traits.

Mueller okay. And let's move on. Next set of lines. I want to cover actually the we're going to cover one more line right.

By the nose um and this is called a disempowerment line uh that's what that's what. Lillian called it. I'm not a big fan of that label. But.

I'll explain it to you and you can decide which label you want to use anytime you see lines that travel diagonally down the side of the nose okay. You're seeing someone who is exhibiting a form of disempowerment now let me explain what this means and again. I will stop the screen share here. I'll click out of this here and we'll talk about this when you see lines that travel down the side of the nose and.

I've seen some. I've seen lines that look. Like somebody took. A an exacto blade or a razor blade and etched lines into the side of the person's nose what you're seeing is a form of trauma and a response to.

Trump this trauma has to do with all trauma has to do with boundary violations many times the behaviors people exhibit when their boundaries are violated uh determine what kind of facial markings they get. So in this particular example um when you've uh in disempowerment somebody has violated a person's boundaries and the person who is being violated got upset they got maybe they got angry right. And they pushed back or they tried to push back right. They said no.

You that's not good. I'm not going to let you do that right. That's not acceptable and when they pushed back the aggressor got even more aggressive and just overwhelmed them with force of some emotional. Force physical.

Force extortion gaslighting whatever and as a as a means of self-protection the person lapses into appeasement in other words they just okay. Whatever you say whatever you want just just don't hit me again just you know just don't get mad and. So from that moment forward anytime the aggressor expresses displeasure they lapse into a form of appeasement. Behavior right.

The best example. I can probably give you it's probably not. PC to talk about anymore. But back in the 70s and 80s there was this uh this television show called.

All in the. Family does anybody remember that if not look. Up the reruns does anybody here remember that show. All in the.

Family if you are you're as old as me right. Now in that show there was a a character named. Edith played by actress. Maureen.

Stapleton or. Gene. Stapleton and everything about her was about appeasing her husband. Archie who was the quintessential bigot right.

That's okay. When you see markings down the side of the nose either currently or in the past this person has been the target of some overwhelming boundary violations that caused them to take on these appeasing supplicating placating behaviors okay. Lillian called them disempowerment lines and. I can see where she's coming from that.

But they don't really in my opinion they don't really explain the behavior right. So. I use the term appeasement lines because that's the behavior that's what people lapse into right. They lapse into this this appeasing placating you know making it better please don't hit me again please stop yelling.

Behavior just to get everything just to be okay. Right. So when. I see clients come into my my clinic and.

I see this. I know at some point maybe not right. Away. But at some point.

I'm going to be cleaning up some kind of abuse or bullying or something right. So for those of you who see clients be very aware when you see this kind of a marking on a person's face and. I've seen it on boys and men too right. But.

I see a lot in females okay. So uh questions about appeasement lines. Archie always told her to stifle it yes. Right.

When he said from the father okay. Okay. Let's uh let's do a couple more is this useful by the way are you guys learning anything cool can you guys let me ask you a question. I don't usually ask this question.

But are you guys kind of already figuring out ways that you could use this material out in the world when he says can't wait to start very good and by the way it's okay. If you can't yet there may be some skills there may be some other skill sets that you need and we'll happily okay. Cool right. We got a lot of caregivers out there.

I can tell not yet for sales again the decision making stuff that we started at the beginning of the webinar is for the selling okay. And it's okay. You know the there'll be lots of other things you can use all the time you'd face reading too as well okay. Let's get back to training try it tomorrow for sure by the way.

I recommend you go out and you just start offering to read people's faces tell them that you you took. This really cool course on uh psych. Psychotherapy or personality or personality profiling and start telling them about themselves and see how many hits you get you may be surprised. Elizabeth says no.

But. I bought the course for the other ones. I that seemed interesting okay. Perfect trust me you're going to get.

So much if you're not in it let me let me tell you something when. I was putting this this package together. I'm thinking to myself what am. I doing.

I'm like this is like nuclear these people are going to be like your lives are going to completely shift after this. I've never offered a package like that. So and. I don't know if.

I'll do it again because the more. I look. At it the more. I'm like damn.

So what does purpose mean. So you talk about the purpose lines. Elizabeth is that what you're asking about we're getting to it okay. Purpose lines are an indicator that you're actually on your golden path okay.

We'll talk about those in just a moment okay. Okay. Uh let's see here back to this okay. So our.

Next set that we're going to look. At let me just uh clear these lines off we're gonna again we're going clockwise down the face. So lines. I want you to look.

At now are what we call bitterness or disappointment over nurturing and bitterness okay. Now humor can be seen by a line right. Down the center of the lip. So if you see people with a very pronounced line right.

Down the center of their lip these are people that appreciate a good joke they can often tell a good joke. However if you these three. I. I want for those especially for those of you who are therapists caregivers whatever.

I want you to pay very close attention when you see these three showing up on the same face and. I'll explain that in a minute. So the. First line.

I want to look. I want you to look. At and. I see this a lot in older people.

But. I also see it a lot in nurses home health aides um in living caregiving or daycare workers and this is called over nurturing and these can be seen as little short lines just above the lip you also see this a lot in smokers and. I have a feeling that it's because people are smoking as a form of self-care as a form of self nurturing. So not only does the puckering of the cigarette create these lines the fact that they're usually feeling like they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're giving and they're not getting back is what creates these lines now one of the important things to remember uh health-wise let me show you this really quickly if you look.

At the mouth area you'll see that right. Around the mouth area you have the reproductive organs you have the stomach and the intestines this is going to be important because when we go back when you see these lines on people chances are they're housing a lot of disappointment and bitterness because they keep giving and giving and giving and they never get back to the same degree that they feel that they're giving to other people and. So they're literally giving away their energy their. Jing for others because.

I like to call it they're giving away their future for the sake of somebody's present right. So if you see classic caregivers um you'll see this now the other thing you can start there's a correlation here is many times in cases of bitterness disappointment and over nurturing you're also going to see intestinal and stomach issues ulcers. Crohn's disease ulcerative colitis. IBS um these are things that you will see a colon cancer these are things that will start to manifest that's why you have to be really careful um when you see these three traits appearing together now if you have these three it doesn't mean you're going to get cancer right.

What it does mean though is that you're on the you you you have a higher probability of it because what happens is cancer in most there's no. Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient and. So what happens a lot of times when people get in a situation where they're just constantly being taken taken from over and over and over and over again. First they start to get drained.

Then they and they start waiting for the return because they were taught when they were little that if you give that the world will give back to you um in the same degree that that you're giving. But it doesn't happen because they give to the wrong people for the wrong reasons and they just keep sucking up and they just keep getting the life trained out of them and eventually that drain they start to realize that things aren't going to change. But they still keep playing by those rules because they're operating off from a map of the world that says this is the way the world's supposed to be this is the rule and. I'm going to follow the rule even if nobody else is following that rule and they become very disappointed in that process after a while that disappointment turns to bitterness and after a while that bitterness turns to hopelessness and they start to look.

For a way out and many times what manifests as the way out is cancer okay. So. I'm not saying that if you have these markings you're going to get cancer. I am saying if you do have these lines you're giving that way way too much to other people you're not getting back you need to take care of yourself be a lot more selfish you need to start focusing on making your life ridiculously uh pleasurable and joyful for you and not worry about what other people think and you need to let go of that bitterness you need to find a way to clear out that right.

Whether you're doing it through hypnotherapy neuro-linguistics energy healing. EF. I don't care how you get rid of it. But you got to get rid of it right.

Now when you come to. Dallas. I'm going to show you how we fix it and how we fix it fast we're going to show you all kinds of different ways hypnotically. NLP energetically holographically um that we're going to fix this stuff in fact.

I'm going in. February. I'm gonna spend five days going deep dive into energetic cancer. Therapies um and how to clean out the resentment and all that other stuff.

But for those of you coming to. Dallas you'll get you'll be the best you'll be the. First to receive those trainings okay. So um any questions on these traits.

So you basically have uh humor over nurturing disappointment and bitterness let me look. At my chats and see if we have any questions we're obviously um. Robin says how can. I get this video in a recorded format well there'll be a replay available on the.

YouTube channel what if a person doesn't have any lines. First of all you have to look. Are they are they below the age of 18. okay. Chances are there below the age of 18 any marks they have are from previous lives or something congenital if they're in their 50s and they don't have any lines you have several possibilities a um they're a completely self-actualized human being they've found all of their emotional and have cleared it that's one possibility.

B they're botoxing themselves into. Oblivion that's another one um see they are sociopathic um they don't necessarily feel bad about anything and. Then the fourth possibility is they're highly dissociated from the traumas they've had there is such a thick wall of insulation between the repressed emotions and the face that it's not marking on the face. Ashley says likeliest you know what.

I have. I've traveled this world. I've seen many many people the chances of the person in front of you being a highly evolved fully actualized human being uh are probably only slightly more rare than. Bigfoot or the.

Loch. Ness. Monster. So that's probably the outside possibility um the dissociation is a high probability sociopathy is probably the.

Next most likely um and. Then. Finally they just they just don't aren't deeply impacted by the things they let them they let them go really quick okay. Fiery people tend to be a little bit more on that side because they're like um they're always they're always on to the.

Next thing they don't spend as much time as like. Earth people or uh metal or wood people dwelling on um you have to interact with them you have to profile them and look. At their the their history their behaviors and you can tell pretty quickly from their behaviors um what they're what category they most likely fall into how can. I tell what element.

I am well if you come to the. Dallas training you'll learn the. Five. Element physiognomy you'll also learn.

Five. Element body types nobody is one. Element you are a combination of five there may be certain elements that predominate and we have a little quiz that we give in the face reading course that you can take that kind of gives you your your. Elemental makeup okay.

Okay. Makes sense yo by the time you finish the. Jing training in. Dallas you'll you'll be able to zero in on people's.

Five. Element physiographies like that it's it'll become very easy for you um. Last questions before. I move on.

Robbie says hey. David can we predict accurate things running in someone's mind foreign and let me explain that we this training does does will have a byproduct of making this highly intuitive and highly empathetic. But it doesn't make us telepathic now you may develop some form of telepathy from a heightened level of report vibrational coherence with your subjects you may get downloads as a byproduct of the training. But.

I'm not going to go out and say it's going to make you a psychic. But you will be able to develop behavioral profiles of people that allow you to predict with a high degree of accuracy what the person is most likely to do in a given situation or circumstance to me it's a little bit more accurate than telepathy right. So the short answer is it's not going to make you telepathic it is going to give you the ability to predict the likelihood of certain behaviors certain thinking processes in certain contexts okay. Any other questions.

Alex says is it good to have a lot of facial lines or fewer is better there are certain lines and we're going to cover that in just a moment there are certain lines you want to have right. The one we're about to cover is called a purpose line and. So let's look. At that oh sorry.

I didn't realize. I was still showing my thing okay. All right. So a purpose line is a line that runs from the alanazi which is the the corner of the nostril and.

Then the bridge of the nose down the side of the mouth. So this line here. So these lines the longer and deeper these lines are the more they indicate that in your personal and in your public life you're actually doing the things that you came here to do you're on your. Life.

Path if that makes any kind of sense. So. So there's these usually correlate to a fairly. High degree of satisfaction and fulfillment in our work and personal life if the line is deeper on the on the public side.

Then this person is enjoying more fulfillment and success and alignment with their mission in life in their public life their business life their professional life if the line is deeper on the private side. Then this person probably has a family life or a set of relationships that are in harmony with who they came here to be and what they came here to do ideally we want them to be balanced. But as you'll discover as you start reading more and more faces very few people are ever 100 symmetrical okay. But these are lines that every lady.

I know wants to get rid of every man. I know wants to get rid of. But in. Chinese systems this is actually indicative of someone who's doing the right.

Things in terms of what they came what missions they came here to fulfill okay. And the. Chinese say that if if you don't have these lines by the time you're 50 you're doing something really wrong okay. Are those lines known as marionette lines not in my system in the technical term in the.

Chinese systems are called. Falling or as. Lillian translated them purpose lines okay. Um uh let's do one more and.

Then we'll review the offer in case you guys are still on the fence. So there's another set of lines that. I think are really cool. But they start off as a reaction to trauma just like disempowerment lines created a set of behaviors that cause people to lapse into appeasement anytime their violent their boundaries are violated auditory intuition starts as a defense mechanism for people who are growing up in very um dangerous or potentially dangerous environments in environments where um people have to be very careful about what they say you.

Lillian had these lines. I have these lines in. Spades they look. Like gills right.

Let me show you a different angle. So if we zero in on the ears and here you can see the age markings for men and women based on the ears. But a lot of times when you look. At the ears from the side and you see what looked like little little gills or little wrinkles these are auditory intuition lines and what functionally what this indicates is that somebody has a really good detector like they have the ability to analyze people's language and the tonalities and the pacing and the speed and the emotion of it and figure out really really quick who's full of and who isn't and this arises as a form of auditory hyper vigilance that when these people were children uh they had to be really really careful about what they said and did right.

Lillian used to say that she could tell when one. Lily had for a face reader. Lily had horrible luck with men and. I don't know why.

But um. Lillian said one of her ex-husbands she could tell what. Moody was in by the way he closed a car door right. So people with these lines they make really good therapists they make really good lawyers [Music] um code.

Breakers anywhere where you have to listen for auditory anomalies and read between the lines or subtext this is a really powerful skill. But it starts off as a form of self-protection that. Later becomes a superpower. So if you have these lines you probably grew up in a place where you had to be very careful what you said how you said it and who you said it to okay.

Now because these particular lines lie on the triple warmer. Meridian which is an acupuncture. Meridian that goes to the three different levels of the body the triple hormone. Meridian also governs water metabolism in the body.

So many times people with this marking have a tendency for dehydration. So they drink a lot of water their water metabolism is not quite uh good and. So they either pass a lot of water or they retain it usually when they're drinking a lot. So they pass more they tend to they tend to drain their body of electrolytes because of all the fluids that they're taking in and as a byproduct of that because their body doesn't have as much electrolyte as it could they tend to have heart palpitations in tachycardia which they tend to think of as panic attacks they're not actually panic attacks they're actually um tachycardia or bradycardia based on electrolyte imbalance.

So if you if you have these markings and you're prone to what you think are panic attacks one of the things you could try this worked for me uh was. I just started supplementing with electrolytes on a consistent basis and 99 of all those those fibrillations and stuff went away. So again uh if you have these markings and you you think you're having panic attacks from time to time you know always go to a doctor and get checked out make sure that you know you're not doing anything dangerous. But at the same time try the electrolytes and see if that actually balances you out okay.

All right. So let's go ahead and we're gonna. I get random vertigo doctors don't know why okay. Eduardo if that's the case um do you have any ring.

I shouldn't get into this do you have any ringing in your ears and your eyes. Are your eyes. Bloodshot or do they get hot never okay. All right.

Um. Then random vertigo could be um it could be hypotension uh where you changed you change you stand up too quick you get dizzy things of that nature. I would go see an oriental medical practitioner and have them give you a tune-up and see if that helps okay. You're welcome okay.

Um all right. Let me. I'm getting better at this process. But it's still taking me a while to to be bop back and forth uh hold on a.

Second well that's what. I did that's why. I didn't show up hold on there we go okay. Let's try that again all right.

For those of you who are on the fence this is kind of our. Last call and this is your chance um to grab your one of the. Last few remaining packages for uh tonight's webinar with the fast action bonuses it's the secrets of face reading how to read any one home study course it's a 1997 dollar uh value. But we're adding a whole bunch of other really cool uh bonuses for you it's going to include our number one rated.

NLP training course defense against the dark arts speed profiling. Secrets it's a four thousand five hundred and seventy six dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by. Design home study course valued at 1 597 we're going to give that to you absolutely free. So you can fix whatever you find from your face reading we're going to give you the people reading for.

Fun and. Profit body language and home study course this is a 14 a 1487 value. So you can build on the face reading and look. At the whole body and start to extrapolate uh different behaviors and what they mean and how you can uh fix the things in your body language that actually make your less influential.

So let's uh we're gonna give that to you absolutely free it's a 1497 value we're going to give you a three month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and 11 year video archive it's a 1997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're also going to include the face reading for. Fun and.

Profit level 2 home study course now remember these fast action bonuses the one in blue are only available to the. First 25 people to register for this package when. I log off these bonuses in blue go away you can get the rest of them. But the bonuses in blue go away okay.

So you get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring archive uh you'll get the face reading for fund and profit level two and study course. So one thousand nine ninety seven value you get the face reading and human influence.

VIP super ticket for a live certification boot camp in. Dallas. Texas. April 13th through the 15th.

I'll change that on our. Next. PowerPoint it's a two thousand seven hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give this to you free because we want you to win everything comes with a 60-day satisfaction guaranteed money back guarantee if you're not satisfied if it's not doing what we said it'll do if it's not giving you the fast track to getting the life you want the way you want it making you more effective in the areas that you want to be effective let us know and we'll refund your money within 60 days the total package value is 16 411 dollars you can get yours today for the low one-time installment of just 14.97 or if you need a little help. Stephanie can help you out by breaking that up into four easy payments four easy installments of just 3.97. all you got to do is click the link click the link click the link to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash face it's www.davidsonlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e operators are standing by.

Stephanie is available to answer any questions that you have now one more thing. I should mention if you've been a client or a student of. Planet. David for a while and you've bought some of our packages and you see one of the pack one of the programs that you have in this lineup if you let.

Stephanie know you already own one of these we will let you substitute a program of equal or lesser value. So you can kind of customize your program and eliminate duplications that's a that's just a free service that we offer. So that you you don't have the duplicates and you're not paying twice for the same thing or whatever we want to make sure that you have only the courses you need want and. So we can let you to a certain degree we can allow you to customize that package.

But you got to click that link right. Now before. I log off the webinar because when. I log off the webinar everything goes away um the primary offer defense against the dark guard secrets of face reading home study course real world hypnosis identity by.

Design and of course uh face reading for. Fun and. Profit is available tonight by clicking the link until 11 59 pm tonight after that it goes away okay. Now everything on the course is worth it at full price.

But why pay full price if you don't need to if you really feel that you deserve these access to these skills you deserve to have them. Then click that link right. Now before. I log off the webinar and finish our our map of the emotions and uh by all means join us in.

Dallas. Texas. April 13th through the 15th for one of the most powerful life-changing events you will ever experience guarantee enough said let's get back to learning about the face uh okay. Okay.

And we'll close this down okay. Uh that's not hold on a. Second. I got the wrong.

I got the wrong. Window. Man all right. Cool okay.

By the way. I. I. So appreciate your patience with my obvious ineptitude uh moving back and forth between.

Windows uh let's look. At what else we've got foreign. I want you to pay very close attention to is if you look. At a per let me go to the side view again for this every now and.

Then you're going to look. At somebody's ear and you're going to see little wrinkles sometimes you see one sometimes you see two every now and. Then you'll see three when you see these lines what they indicate are what we call blood pressure irregularities now this person does not necessarily have high blood pressure they don't necessarily have low blood pressure what they tend to have is erratic blood pressure you know. Eduardo was talking about the vertigo that he gets from time to time a lot of times what happens with people is that if they stand up too quick or they sit down too quick that.

Sudden. Change in height that gravity causes their blood pressure to either. Spike or drop and they get dizzy and they get vertigo things of that nature now people with this marking um one of the other byproducts of this particular. Marketing in addition to this kind of erratic um blood pressure is they tend to be overreactive to shock in other words if like you're walking down the hall and somebody rounds the corner and surprises you where the average human being might might experience a shock level of like three or four this person might experience a seven eight or nine.

So when you see this marking these people feel shocked. Mania excitement very very strongly tend to they tend to have a stronger reaction to that stimuli than people who don't have this marking now if you have this marking it doesn't necessarily mean you're going to have a heart attack or that you're going to have um atherosclerosis or anything like that what it does mean though is that you really do need to pay more attention to your cardiovascular health you should spend more time in things that balance you out and mellow you out the state control training that we do in killer influence and defense against the dark arts as well as um identity by. Design and stealth. CPI can go a long way to making you a lot less reactive clearing out your emotional baggage and garbage um will actually go a long way in clearing that out and a lot of times can can positively impact these lines obviously getting exercise and moderating your diet can help you as well okay.

So again these lines indicate blood pressure irregularities they don't necessarily mean you're going to die of a heart attack. But it does mean you should probably pay more attention to the lifestyle you're leading um and start cleaning up your crap okay. Holistic star says. Dallas oh boy do.

I want to go good let's see you there click that link right. If you haven't already uh another line. I want you to pay attention to and a lot of you who are acupuncturists um neuro-linguistic programmers neuro-linguistic programmers. I don't see dealing with this quite.

So much. But hypnotists. I do um nurses body workers these are pain lines a pain line starts at the outer canvas. But instead of traveling instead of traveling downward laterally like our sadness lines or our grief lines or our sorrow lines um these lines actually travel towards the nose.

So you'll see them like little diagonal lines migrating this way if you see somebody who is showing these wrinkles and they're not in obvious pain chances are they've stuffed down a lot of the pain that they're feeling they're trying not to show it. So. I tend to see these more. But.

I tend to see. I'll be honest. I tend to see these more in people who are in acute pain rather than chronic pain okay. So if you see these chances are they're having some kind of pain in the moment.

But if they're not in any obvious discomfort you might start to ask are you are you kind of just trying to to tough out some kind of pain or have you experienced some deep physical or emotional pain in the past um that you haven't let go of yet right. One of the things you'll learn and we'll talk about both an identity by. Design as well as defense against the dark arts is that as far as the neurology is concerned there really is no. Difference between from from a neurological perspective between physical pain and emotional pain same parts of the brain that process physical pain also process emotional pain.

So when you see this marking chances are there they've got a reservoir of pain locked in their body somewhere they may not even be conscious of anymore okay. But it's always a good idea to ask. Margot does tinnitus in one ear left ear mean anything uh it can mean kidney or kidney deficiency or liver excess or liver deficiency uh depends on the tone um to really um narrow that down. First of all see a regular doctor.

But. Then. I would go see um. I would go see a an oriental a trained.

Oriental medical practitioner for a diagnosis using. TCM pattern recognition and things of that nature uh. Danny bobaney says severe. Auto issues stuttering no.

Audio okay. I'm. I think that's probably on your end. Danny okay.

So let's see here. Alex is asking should. I start with face feeding for. Fun and.

Profit or with defense against the dark arts great question um. Danny. I'll tell you where. I would start is um.

I would start with actually face reading for. Fun and. Profit and the reason for that is is. I like when.

I train people in body language and profiling. I like to train them in things that you can see from a distance and. So face reading for fun or uh uh people reading for. Fun and.

Profit oh wait you said ffp um let me finish this people reading for. Fun and. Profit is actually where. I would start and.

Then. I would jump into face reading for. Fun and. Profit and.

Then. I would translate back into defense against the dark arts and the reason. I say that is because if you have a thorough grounding in non-verbal uh traits and attributes it's much easier to apply the defense against the dark. RX material because it's a drill down if that makes any kind of sense.

Elizabeth says not much going on with my ears um. I still think it has to do with age could be uh. Eileen says tinnitus is a common side effect of the coveted vaccine okay. Uh.

Alex is okay. Awesome thanks for a thorough explaining my pleasure. Alex that's my job my job isn't to sell you stuff my job is to point you in the direction of the the least amount of things to do to get you from where you are to where you want to be right. And if you follow that path you'll get what you want faster easier with the least amount of static and noise that's my job right.

Okay. Uh all right. I think. I have three more sets of lines that.

I want to share with you and these again are things you'll see quite often as a matter of fact. So uh every now and. Then you're gonna see somebody that has these diagonal lines emanating up usually from around the. Third eye area right.

These are called transformation lines and what these generally indicate is that this person went through some. Long. Dark. Night of the.

Soul where they experienced some. Revelations and some. Transformations about who they are that changed them on a spiritual level and they gave them an insight about things and as a byproduct of this um they get these lines that kind of indicate the opening of a. Third eye are an extremely powerful spiritual lesson every now and.

Then once in a great while you'll see someone with a marking like this they look. Like little wings. Lillian called these. Buddha wings and you see this in a lot of.

Highly. Advanced spiritual people meditators yogis. Taoist monks. Buddhist monks where that.

Third eye is super open and they're getting a lot of downloads they look. Like little wings emanating from the. Third eye this is somebody who is very spiritually evolved and and tapped in okay. Um you don't see that quite that often every now and.

Then if the booty the. Dalai. Lama is preaching you might see some of these show up on his face some very common lines that you'll see you'll see a lot of people with a double set of lines right. Here this indicates either irritation annoyance or impatience or.

D all of the above okay. Uh. I am the poster child for this marking uh. But it's it's served me well because one of the things that because of my impatience.

I don't have time for techniques that take too long or don't don't achieve a fast result. So that causes me to create techniques that work really really fast without any okay. Now every now and. Then you're going to see a different.

Market that marking looks like this looks like a single line right. Down the center of their forehead we call this marking suspended needle and this is also arises out of anger specific specifically uh boundary violations and let me just mark this out really quickly. So what happens here with this suspended needle is in situations like this the person had their boundaries infringed on and they got really mad they got really really angry and they pushed back just like the person uh with the appeasement lines pushed back. But when they pushed back they pushed back too hard and when they pushed back too hard they were powerfully deeply strongly punished for that expression of anger that that demonstration of power and the self-recrimination from the punishment they received caused them to make an unconscious decision that they were never going to allow themselves to get that angry again which is really tragic because people with a marking here have taken their achievement energy their ability to achieve and move forward in life and they've put a block on it that says this is as much as.

I can do this is as much as. I can have and when. I hit that point. I won't.

I can't. I'm not allowed to go any further. So this often manifests as passive aggressive behavior it manifests as a need to prove oneself. But most importantly self-sabotage.

So what you'll see with people in this line is they'll get to a certain level in their life or in their career in their relationship and at some point they'll hit that barrier and they will either lose interest they will find a way to become disillusioned about what they're doing or they will have a massive blow up with their. Superior or the the business or whatever and they'll go and they'll start something they'll start over from scratch doing something completely different they'll get to a certain level of team attainment or achievement and they'll blow themselves up again. So people with this marking um tend to always be out to to win an argument that happened many many years ago. So it tends to sabotage their relationship and move forward in life at some point in their life people with this marking will hit a situation or circumstance where there's their energy will not let them go any further that arbitrary block that they've imposed on their liver power which is your achievement power will say no.

Further and they will either stop or find a way to exit what they're doing or the trajectory they're on and start again from scratch doing something else okay. So if you have this line understand that you are way more powerful than your life circumstances are showing you have more juice you have more to give. But something in your past caused you to lock that down and for your golden path for you to become the best version of yourself and be fully in your power you need to get rid of that market okay. So.

Elizabeth is saying. I have a vertical line at the beginning of my eye brow over only one eye. I'd have to see the line. Elizabeth.

But if we have a chance to get together. I'll be happy to look. At it and tell you what. I believe it could mean yeah a lot of times traits don't again facial symmetry again one of the.

First things. I told you to look. For is facial asymmetry are lines deeper and longer on one side than the other are they only occurring on one side because. Then it indicates that the issue may be either be on your timeline or in your public or private life.

I'd have to look. At the line and. I have to. I'd have to reference several different charts to really give you a good idea of what that could be okay.

All right. That's our map. I'm curious what do you guys think what did you learn um the length of the line indicates the strength and the depth indicates the strength. But the fact that there's a line there indicates that there's and by the way the anger that this comes from is usually between a father and a son either father towards the sun sun towards the father or whoever took.

On that dominant um masculine role in the person's life okay. Um what if it's an indentation instead of a line it can mean you have an open. Third eye if it's lower like at the bridge of the nose it can indicate neck problems again the more. I see of you in person uh the more rapidly.

I can give you a much more accurate assessment of what. I believe is going on with you okay. So that being said uh let me just go ahead and [Music] um do this one more time this is the. Last call folks um if you're serious about getting into this and and making this a viable income stream by the way uh.

Lillian would regularly charge 750 a session to do face reading. So if you're looking for an income stream um this is actually a really powerful way for you uh to supplement your income people love this stuff they and they'll happily pay high dollars uh to get this information. So um think about factor that into your into your plans. I really think that this can help you a lot um move forward in your life.

I really and. I really want you to take advantage of it and let's see here. So. Last call as they say.

First of face reading uh home study course it's a 1997 value it's actually way more than that it includes our speed profiling defense against the dark arts home study course valued at 4 576 we're going to give this to you free because we want you to have the tools real world hypnosis identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course 1597 allows you to hypnotize people anytime anywhere and fix their under any circumstances it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you free the people reading for. Fun and. Profit home study course to 1 497 value big picture body language stuff allows you to fill in all the gaps one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to give it to you for free the face reading for.

Fun and. Profit level two home study course picks up where level one leaves off it's a 1997 value once again yours free if you click that link below right. Now and of course you get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program the 11-year archive 1997 value for free face reading for. Fun and. Profit level two one thousand nine ninety seven face reading and human influence uh. VIP certification three-day life certification boot camp in.

Dallas. Texas. April 13th through the 15th um this year two thousand seven hundred fifty dollar value we're going to give that to you free total package 16 411 with a solid gold nuclear behavioral profiling and influencing gold all yours for well-known installment of just 14.97 or for easy installments suggest 397 each all you got to do right. Now before.

I log off is click that link www.davidsniderenlp.com forward slash face f-a-c-e www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash f-a-c-e click the link click the link click the link now before it's gone okay. That being said. I want to thank each and every one of you for hanging out with me for asking amazing questions and for really just showing that we're actually making a difference in people's lives and that's all. I've ever really wanted and.

I think a lot of you share a similar passion yes. You're here for you you're here for the things that make your life better. But at the end of the day. I really believe that part of that making your life better part is about making the life better for other people too it's about really making a difference in the world and getting on that golden path and if.

I can facilitate that. I'm always grateful to do that you're the reason. I'm here and all. I want to do is help.

So for those of you who are ready to level up they're ready to go to the. Next level please click that link right. Now before. I have to log off uh if you have other questions that did not get answered in this webinar like.

I told you before go to the replay on. YouTube or on our on jet webinar or on our our state standard. NLP home page find the replay click the comment section type your questions in and. I will.

I promise you we will answer those questions in as timely a manner as humanly possible click that link in the in the immortal words of calibernet. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends.

I will see you on the other side in. Dallas in a webinar in an. AMA click that link and let's get this party started good night and. God bless take care thank you.
