Title: Mind Control Skills - Rapport Wars - The 3 Different Kinds of Rapport That Almost Nobody Knows About
File Name: EJX-R7_9hRg.txt
Video Id: EJX-R7_9hRg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJX-R7_9hRg

That being said let's talk about one of the uh the the capstones to our non-verbal segment and that's called. Rapport. Wars right. So we talked about that in in killer influence we have three different types of.

Rapport right. We talked about classical. Rapport which is the the the the quintessential ma matching and mirroring pacing and leading toau and. NLP and we said that while it's good it's not where we want to live we use it a little bit differently the place we like to oper at from is what we call.

Heart coherence or kinesthetic. Rapport which if you ever see me write it on the board it'll always be a k with a circle around it strange things are a foot of the circle okay. If you know that reference you are old like me okay. Right.

But uh that that's often how. I. I designate it okay. The kinesthetic report is where we have that heart-based coherence we know the.

Bluetooths are synchronized and information is flowing back and forth and this is another reason again why we need to have. State control before rapport because. Rapport connection is a two-way street information is going to flow from that person to you and from you to that person you played with that yesterday with your when you combined your state control and your polarity drills and all of a sudden information they're feeling what you're generating right. That only gets stronger and also the range at which you can do it gets progressively wider in fact when you hit the state management section we're going to show you specific techniques for expanding that out right.

Um the. Next piece is about the natural entrainment process that happens when people are having a conversation okay. So the. First thing we're going to do.

I let me let me finish the the loop on uh the. Third type of. Rapport which is vibing vibing you played with a little bit yesterday when you went out and did your group drills and you came in and you matched the energy level of the group now the way you build on that is by telling stories and by the way you dress and the behaviors that you interact with those things you come in with that higher energy level you have a a state that you're emanating you're getting rapport with the. Rapport leader.

Now by telling stories and interacting with that person's values you start to elevate your status in their world okay. That's the and that's because we're going into language. Next that'll be kind of like the the. Next level that the.

Next layer that you put on to the vibing drills. So what's going to happen in this. First drill. I thought about doing it in reverse.

But. I figured now we'll just keep it we'll keep the standard one uh you are going to get into groups of three um yeah actually let's let me have three chairs just three empty chairs chairs yeah just three. Empty. Chairs there's one here too.

So there's going to be an a a b and a. C thank you. Moss just stand right. There for a minute and uh a and.

B are going to sit right. Across from each other now when we get into our module on proxim influence. I never. I almost never recommend this configuration unless you can sit depending on your depending on your intention either below at or above high level high level okay.

Uh because your neurology will code a person as a subordinate and equal or or. Superior depending on where the eye level is okay. So. But in this case we want to be able to see exactly what our partner is doing.

So in this case a is going to be the person exerting influence. B is going to also be trying to exert influence and here's the secret you are going to pick a topic that is extremely polarized in gun control no. Gun control. Pro lifee not pro- lifee.

I don't really care what it is. I'm just giving you examples and you are going to use all of your skills to try to convince the other person to your way of thinking while matching and mirroring in real time their body. But your agenda the parameter is you are not allowed to give one iota on your position you cannot move a single molecule towards compromise and you must maintain disagreement through the entire dialogue now the other thing is you must keep moving in other words you can't just hold your position and you have to keep switching right. And try to maintain disagreement while convincing the other person to your side and the the the handlers are going to come around and if you're unlucky enough to have someone like.

Seth or. Moss or. Robert watching you they will call you on your the moment because your body will start to find all kinds of ways to cheat because the natural state of humans is to seek connection and entrainment your molecules are all vibrating vibrating elements seek to entrain with other vibrating elements if your atoms and your molecules are vibrating guess what your organs are doing if your if your organs are doing that guess what your brain is doing if your brain is doing it guess what your thoughts and intentions are doing you see the the universe is moving us because of the. Dynamics of physics towards connection and entrainment and it's all non-verbal.

So it's going to going to be a fun exercise for you to see just what happens when you attempt to maintain your position now the moment now here now the meta person here if they're not. Moss or or. Robert or. Seth or whatever or even.

Tracy they got to be they got to be hardcore like the moment you sense any form of compromise or give in their position start over get it it's fun um this can get now again the body is going to try and find all kinds of ways to to cheat is there all nonverbal no. There's going to be a verbal dialogue going on in which you're attempting to to win this person over to your side. But their job is to adamantly zealously maintain disagreement while actively matching everything you're doing with your body we're both trying to match each other yep you're going to physically match while verbally and cognitively mismatching what's the point of this you'll find out you'll find out yes. How long do you want them to go before they switch and.

I think if we do an average of 3 minutes per. Pro proceeding yeah and. Then. So.

So person a. Then person a becomes person. B person. B becomes person.

C rotate once you've all gone once needs position get a new group now the other thing is if you're the. Observer if people are not active changing their positions to follow one another you got to call them on that too right. You got to keep them active all right. And.

Then you'll find out what happens really really quick there's a tendency for people to try to sit still yeah they be normal like the point is to be normal like it's very normal to talk with our hands and move around like the whole point is to act normally while doing something that's not normal to you and experimenting and finding out what happens and it's going to raise your awareness through the freaking roof all right. Uh how much time. Seth do you estimate we would need for this to get everybody get their 3x3 reps in minutes on side 45 minutes 45 all right. Grab your your groups of three chair up handlers start your engines.

Tracy do you want to handle you want to be a. Handler for this is anybody else who's had this before want to walk around and keep people honest and. I recommend you work with people who aren't close friends.
