Title: David Snyder  Unscripted- Sheryne Wilson  InnerMindPerformance Podcast
File Name: ekhTT4tYoAg.txt
Video Id: ekhTT4tYoAg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekhTT4tYoAg

Hey we have recording all right. You're good to go okay. Awesome um is there anything i'm. So excited like i have my questions.

But like i just i'm. So excited to learn what is there anything you want to really talk about today before we get started um you well i can talk about just about anything because i know i know like go ahead like no. Topic is left unturned with you i was like i was i was like count on talk about the oxytocin thing and i want to talk about trauma and. Then i was like i want to talk about this is there something that you're really loving right.

Now or passionate about right. Now i'm i'm pretty i'm in love with just about everything. So no. I'm good you're in love with life in general um one of the things that i always try to do whenever i'm whenever i'm a guest on somebody's podcast is i do my best to try and target what i talk about to what they're most interested in and the most frustrating thing for me a lot of times is when i ask the podcaster what do you want me to talk about they go whatever you want and i'm like okay.

If it's amazingly untargeted. But i mean i'm happy to just do random questions or if you have a list of questions we can start there and see where it takes us yeah i think we'll just go there i mean i'll definitely get you to talk about yourself a little bit because i love your story and like the you you did hoonah medicine right. Oh i i cut my teeth on back in my early metaphysical days um specifically the max freedom long version of whom and not not a lot of the stuff that came like search kahili king thing and a lot of the ted james people went went to that lahuna direction there that was my lineage uh even though i on my. First nlp cert was through the ted james system um i was never i i never that's not where i learned my huna.

So take that for what it's worth okay. Yeah i mean i'll get you to talk about yourself. First talk a little bit about what you do why like how amazing you are and uh what got you into what you got into because you got a plethora of skills and. Then kind of go into i like talking about the train uh trauma and the brain and the body and mind body awareness um and i'll we'll go into that and.

Then just see where it takes us sounds like a plan okay. So i'm gonna go ahead man are you ready absolutely okay. Hello everybody and welcome to the innermine podcast i don't know what episode this is because i've done. So many now which is a good really good feeling.

But i'm really really excited for this guest um of course i've got him on clubhouse because where else do you meet incredible people um. But i have the one and only dr david snyder i'm. So excited uh who's recognized as one of the world's leading experts on strategic human influence technologies he has personally trained members of the legal profession law enforcement medical intent entertainment system martial artists and hypnosis communities he teaches advanced mind body tech techniques self-improvement success wealth health and happiness peak performance persuasion rapid healing relationships advanced social dynamics covert influence techniques and more he's a licensed and certified hypnosis trainer he is one of the i think you are the top um nlp trainers in north america master practitioner and trainer in neuro linguistic programming and the society of what is this experiment experiential transitional hypnosis oh wow i didn't even know that um david thymus david timelessly works to develop training and educational opportunities designed to powerfully raise the skill level and professional status of hypnos hypnosis and hypnotists all over the world david i am. So happy to have you today thank you for fitting this fitting me into your very busy schedule between your workshops and your gallivanting and trainings i much appreciate it thank you for being here today it's my pleasure to be here i met you on clubhouse oh.

So many years ago seems like years ago it's been it's time gets compressed on the internet you know it was like a decade now um and it's it's been a great ride i mean we met some really cool people we hung out a lot and it's just nice to be able to uh. Finally show up in your world and kind of talk to your people and and see how i can help them yes. I know i'm i'm i'm i'm really excited if you haven't noticed um okay. There's.

So much that we can go into we may need to do a part two one day um. But i want to just just. So the audience has an understanding of how amazing you are can you talk a little bit about yourself some of your credentials i didn't even mention like you have a plethora of credentials in holistic medicine as well which is why i was drawn to you. So much because you know bridging that gap you know between the mind and the body is huge and you have a full understanding of how the body heals right.

And. Then to apply that with hypnotherapy that's kind of my jam. So can you tell us a little bit about yourself what you do and how you got into nlp hypnotherapy and all those other modalities well to start off um i did not start off to be a healer um i was not on my radar back in the day um you know back when i. First was being ex i was i was the classic bullied kid you know um i was bigger around than i was tall i had little to no.

Social skills an oversensitive nervous system and a sincere desire to be liked uh that often worked against me and was used against me and. So after a certain amount of time i got really frustrated with the results i was producing in my life and even as a as a kid i started looking for ways to solve those problems you know the. First thing that really started to attract newest martial arts um primarily because i wanted to walk home without getting jumped all the time or people knocking on my dress okay. Can david come out.

So we can beat him up um really weird things got to happen. But. But martial arts was kind of my introduction to what i would consider self-improvement. But it was really more of a self-defense and self-protection and i really kind of grew up with the idea that i wanted three things out of life that was to kick butt be cool and get lots of chicks and.

So most of my most of my my studies went in that direction and almost inevitably that my pursuit of the answers to those questions always seem to bring me back to some form of personal development and self-improvement um i discovered hypnosis when i was about 11 12 years old you know by accident really because my mom would go to this medical doctor to try and lose weight he would give her these self-hypnosis tapes and uh i asked my mom what's this because this is self-hypnosis she goes what does it do it programs your mind to do things that really wait what else can you do with it all right. My little my 11 year old mind was having dreams of world conquest uh. So i started i started kind of borrowing her tapes and i started realizing that that the power of the mind is really one thing that i can do something about right. Now i can start to work on my mind and i literally got a paper out and i started just getting you know collecting change underneath the sofas anytime i could go to a bookstore and find like a hypnosis tape or something like that i would i had this map by the time i was like 15 16 years old i must have had 30 different um self-hypnosis tapes and i would listen to them religiously every single night.

Then i started to discover girls of course and. So i started looking for ways to utilize that information for other social applications and they always tell me you couldn't do this you couldn't do that and there was a little part in the back of my head uh that would say [ __ ] [ __ ] um and that and i. First time my wife met my mom uh the. First thing out of her mouth was you know the fastest way to get david to do anything is tell him he can't and.

So you know all these experts in the in the fields of hypnosis and i didn't actually discover nlp laws in my early 20s um. But tommy you couldn't do this and you couldn't do that you couldn't do this. But there was a part of me that this little [ __ ] detector was going on there's something there holding back turns out they were holding an awful lot back huge amounts um and i just started going deeper and deeper and. So the big the big fundamental questions for me was how do i get better at martial arts how do i get better at being my best me i guess is the best way that and i call it being cool right.

And how do i how do i you know improve my social life how do i improve my you know how do i become irresistible which was the one moment i remember sitting in my room after being rejected and humiliated at yet another party looking up into the heavens and saying i'm gonna find i'm gonna find a way to become absolutely irresistible right. I'm not there yet at he's according to my wife. But. Anyway um.

But i'm working on it and. So what i just i just started looking for ways to solve the problems in my life and i just every now and. Then i would spend thousands of dollars or hundreds of hours and of course and to find that one little gold nugget and. Then find that little nugget and i just put it in my back and i'd move on to the.

Next the. Next mine or the. Next metaphorically speaking and i find another nugget and i put it in my pack and 15 20 years. Later i put all my nuggets on the table i find out they're not nuggets they're legos um you can put these things together in different ways to create different effects and.

So i just started saying well look. I've solved these problems in my life these are the solutions i've found does any does anybody have these issues and all of a sudden people started raising their hands left and right. And part of the part of my journey you were asking about my uh my background in alternative health methods like i said my early 20s i was not focused on being a healer at all it was just not i was on i was looking for personal power and empowering it and. So one of my focuses i thought i was going to be a lifelong martial arts instructor i thought i was going to have my own school and i did for for a while.

But universe had other plans. But one of the things that happened is i discovered this art called kyushu jitsu which is kind of controversial. But it focused almost primarily on uh how to manipulate the energy meridians and acupressure puncture points of the body and. So before i even thought about going to medical like 10 years before i even thought about going to medical school i had thousands of dollars of acupuncture books and charts and these things because i wanted to understand how this system worked.

So i could use it for self-defense and and breast cancer i came into the study from a very very different place and and it was the pressure point work that started to really cement into my mind that this idea of energy this this energy thing that all these martial artists were always talking about was actually a real thing right. And. So once that light got clicked on because up until. Then i've been in the martial arts ten years five ten years and nobody ever showed me anything to do with key i mean they talked about it.

But you can break a board without using key you just got hit hard and focused. But the the pressure point system that i learned was that. First experiential bridge from um the the purely solid to the energetic and the vibration because you can actually test these vibrational relationships you know you can touch one part of the body in another and watch it just get just actually watch them fall on the ground actually what happens uh it's kind of weird because the way the different parts of the body vibrationally relate to one another. So once i realized that that was true i said what else is true that was really the big thing for me it's like if this is true what else is true and.

Then and the. Next week i was really walking by a metaphysical bookstore and there was a reiki i saw this thing called reiki and i was like i walked i knew the kanji for tea and i was like when i walked in and goes what's this they started talking to me about radiuses that's interesting well there's a free circle tonight you want to come in and try it out i'm like cool. So i walked into this reiki circle sat down all the healers lined up around us this lady put her hands over my head and i folded up like an accordion i don't know anything of the circle because i was in freaking middle earth. But i was high for two weeks after i signed up for the class that night and i went i went i got my reiki master trainer in like 1991 92 something like that.

So i've been a reiki master since before reiki was cool. But that was my. Next big experiential dive into this world of metaphysics energy i always be curious about i've always been interested in. But nobody could ever produce phenomena and in my world if you can't like do something like show me kind of stuff um.

Then i kind of lose interest really really quick because everybody talks nobody walks and. So my. First martial arts instructor would always say don't talk don't tell me what you know get out on the floor and show me right. And that's kind of been our whole our whole motto from almost from day one that's what we call real world hypnosis or real world nlp or whatever because it's all about any time any place under any circumstance for any reason can you perform can you do these things and.

But reiki was like the. First big leap into like energy healing. But again i didn't go there to learn about healing i went there to get more chi or more key. So i could zap people better with my uh and my dragon ball z thunderbolts and stuff like that.

But it's it's it you know because of my studies in the martial arts i recognized certain things in the reiki system that were analogous to some very ancient esoteric practices in the martial arts and i know enough about how these things get passed along or not get passed along as the case may be that where there's smoke there's fire and. So i just started studying deeper deeper into the into the history of reiki where it comes from the esoteric nico buddhist systems the taoist systems all of which use these mudras that i learned in reiki and are passed through attunements. But that never made it to this country we only got what and his followers watered down and brought over to us. But there's a lot more to it um and that led me to huna and.

Then chronic healing and. Then dna theta healing and. Then ultimately uh to the banks and system and the study of hermetics which is kind of where i kind of what i build this as because everything falls under this hermetic umbrella because once you understand these hermetic principles that go back to the animal tablet and maybe even earlier you can start to see all of these different healing systems fit into place how they mesh with a lot of the the ancient martial arts energetic practices and qigong and negon practices and. So [Music].

So that was kind of my study for a while i was just doing it independently and. Then i got this idea that i wanted to do this in a way that if nothing else panned out i would have a career to fall back on. So i started looking at all the different things that i love to do and i was big into behavioral profiles big into influence and persuasion that was my my love i loved i loved the idea because i was i had a martial arts background i love the idea of bringing in the law enforcement like being quinn my favorite show growing up was quincy the medical examiner show where he solves all these crimes i want and. Then mine hunter came out and all this correct forensic criminal profiling i was like that's what i want to do i want to be a criminal profiler.

So i got into into a community college and at the same time i think i i was torn like i was doing i wanted to study acupuncture because it allowed me to do energy martial arts and all these other things and still make a good living because everybody needs healing right. And i also looked at um the forensic side of things and i sat back and i did a rational analysis i looked at what police make the amount of stress they deal with and promptly chose health care. But it was in retrospect it was a great decision because i never lost my love for behavioral sciences in fact that's one of the things we're known for is how we integrate all these things together. But i went into acupuncture school and i have a doctorate in oriental medicine and uh i i.

But i guess again i went in using thinking of acupuncture as the backup or oriental medicine as the backup turns out i use my my degree extensively every single day. But i don't do it in the traditional way that most people do i started again once again because i have this weird brain i started making all these connections between martial arts and acupuncture and psychology and nlp and and i just started seeing patterns starting to emerge that were the the same pattern and that was what that was the big thing that the martial arts that i particular martial arts that i studied and nlp did for me was it allowed me to see the world through the eyes. Of process and structure and i started to realize what franz barton came to call the law of analogy was that the same patterns that govern the universe manifest at every level of human experience all you have to do is have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear and the universe will teach you what you need to know to become the best version of yourself and and that's kind of what took.

Me down this this big long rabbit hole um where i decided hypnosis martial arts all these things weren't different things anymore they were all different aspects of the same thing and and as i started to make that realization i started putting those legos together in different ways and what would happen is the response the results that we would generate were greater than the sum of the parts and that's when i started to realize that you know we live in a society today that is focused on i think it's starting to change. But they were a long way off that's that's what i call isolationists or reductionists we separate a from b and b c and c from d and one from two and two from three when the true total the true fact of the human being is that we are a synergy we are a synthesis and a gestalt of all these different systems that come together to create something greater than the individual parts and. So when you look. At the therapeutic work and the therapeutic techniques that we do that's what you're seeing is you're seeing the reintegration of different aspects of the nervous system that other medical disciplines or healing disciplines uh they distill down to you know language they just slow down to body work they distill down to energetics and chakra work um.

But very few partners very few of them are reintegrating these things in a way that all the different systems of the nervous of all the different systems of the body and the mind are communicating perfectly towards a common goal and when you do that you can get extremely powerful extremely deep rapid permanent change in in just a few minutes if the systems are and you don't have to believe it which is kind of the funniest thing for me one of the. First times i ever heard that was in the reiki class i walked into the reiki class and they said you don't have to believe any of this sport to work and i was like cool because i don't believe [ __ ] and it's like they put the hands on me and i fold it up like an accordion and you know and and my life has just been one one journey one adventure after another one exploration after another and each one of each person i meet you you included have given me something that has added another level or another level of depth like the one book. You recommended to me took. Me down a whole rabbit hole that allowed me to make discoveries i never told you about this.

So this is all new to you right. That one i'm like what i i didn't i remember i did recommend a book. For you yes. Closer that book.

Sorcery you gave me yes. Where now i can actually i can actually correlate the different hormonal systems in the body to the chinese five elements the hermetic five elements um and actually do face reading based on on on different dominance of hormonal pathways because of that one yeah it was you know and this is how the universe works for me uh is that part of my part of my golden path which i've talked about from time to time is to bring these technologies together and out into the world in a way that maybe was lost or or hasn't been done before right. And uh and the way that happens is the more i i share with the universe the more the universe makes sure that i get and if that's something that you taught me i'm gonna be honest with you is that i started to unsubscribe from some of this marketing in the healing world because healers are not good at marketing and. So.

Then they cling to this idea okay. You know come to me i i have this skill come to me and you were like we joked in the back channels you just give everything away for free and i was like wait a. Second that's that's a listening a genius a lot to live by it's working for him how is that working for him and i just started it was like and i've had coaches be like you need to give more value and i've had healers say you just need to give more. But it never felt right.

But watching you display and for those of you who don't know about dr david snyder he will give the shirt off his back if you ask for it like he's just like gives gives kids and i was like how is this guy perpetuating the successful business when he's giving everything like free youtube videos which i have consumed and it's like wow and it taught me like no. Because you think i think you said this in a room or a talk and or a video you said you're never going to run out of creativity no. And that's a scarcity mindset because people are like what about your content right. I know we're talking business now.

But this is such an important concept for people to get in life is that you're you are universal source you are going to continue to recreate and create abundance like you're going to keep and i was like oh my gosh. So even if i talk about the same thing and even if i teach everybody everything they're still going to like want more and they're still going to need my help and. So i started just giving and giving you know i will i will give my tips i will coach people live now and like i never did that before and it's created. So much like i say wealth in my life in the sense of you know i have a sense of you know purpose and enjoyment and people still need me and you know and the byproduct of that is yeah i do get some money in that.

But it's just it's just such a beautiful concept. So you taught me that. So i'm really glad there was a a good energetic trade there i really appreciate it absolutely and you know that that's the thing and this is again when i talk about eyes. To see and ears to hear we live you know we live in the illusion of a linear universe for the most part the 99 of creation outside of our awareness is not linear and it's not well it's not bound by time.

So this idea that we have to work and work we have to work. But there has to be a balance between the gratitude and enjoyment and the fulfillment we get from it and the money and that's one of the things i think and i'm certainly guilty of this um that we tend to lose track of as we get deeper and deeper into the in the marketing this and the promotion that and the social media this and the social media that you know and i think the times when i wind up generating the most wealth stop focusing on the wealth right. Right. It really is the key it's much fun and doing as much work as you know helping as many people as humanly possible.

So i can feel good and. Then hopefully help them again and again because i think it's important one of the things i mean i'll let you talk in just a moment um one of the things i think we as healers find the hardest thing and i say i'm a healer now i totally you know this is the way the universe this is what we call a golden path you you have this this direction you think your life is going and it's part of your golden path and as you achieve those levels you start to evolve and become something you never thought you would be and you're cool with it even though 20 years ago you said i would never be caught wouldn't be caught dead right. Uh because you're and this is the important piece because you're working on yourself yeah following your joy you're following your bliss you're getting your issues resolved you're you're incorporating all the things that make your heart sing and light you up and as a byproduct of that you your life goes to the. Next level and we call that the daoist golden path in some of the systems that i teach and every sys every every culture has some analogous to it.

But the truth is is that you know in all the medical physical systems tell you that when you start doing this kind of work the universe conspires to make you healthier live longer doesn't mean you won't have challenges because you came here to fix challenges to solve challenges whether it's kabbalistic tycoon or the dallas golden path or whatever. But um the the things tend to if you just keep following that joy intelligently. Then the universe will unfold for you in its own time certain things are are aspects of divine timing certain things are things you have control over and part of the wisdom in the dao and the kabbalah is knowing which is which oh i like that oh that's a big can of worms which is which oh you the rabbit holes that you've just presented today. So it you know it's.

So funny dave that you said this because i i've always beat myself up because i never became a medical doctor and i by the age of five i had announced to the world that i was going to be a doctor and in my mind i was going to be saving the children in africa and giving them medicines and white white coat and stuff and obviously because life events the universe led me a different direction i just realized that allopathic medicine was not my path and. Then the other day i've had i had like five six clients messaging me okay. And now what do i do about this and like i sat there on my couch you know in my pajamas being like i am a doctor i am today i am a doctor like it doesn't look. Like it i thought it would look.

But i am healing people every day i have people that you know come to me come to my office whatever or and message me daily asking for help and i'm like i am a doctor i i just it just doesn't it didn't fit the box of the western world it didn't fix it didn't it didn't fix my perception in my box of of what i thought a doctor was. But i really am yeah well your discovery like. So many of us discover is that many times the reality doesn't match the expectation i just did a just did a podcast with owen fitzpatrick um and he was talking about uh expectations do you want to touch a little bit on that the reality reality and expectations sure um you know one other thing one of the biggest challenge and i teach a lot on the law of attraction now and it's one of the i know i wrote down asked david about manifesting it's literally on the question it's funny because um i went through some experiences early in my vibrational career that that caused me to decide that i didn't want to teach energetics and i didn't i mean i would practice it i would study it i would learn it. But i didn't want to teach it no.

Pun intended i kept it close to my vest. But um. But the universe has other plans you know uh and and i talked about this and i just did i just did my gold a golden path workshop and one of the things i learned from my teacher the late william bridges was this difference or it was joey yeah both of them said pretty much the same thing is there's a difference a between real regular time and divine timing. But and that and that relates this idea of fate versus destiny mm-hmm there are things in your life that are faded in other words you're gonna run into this person you're gonna cross this street you know these things are you can't plan yeah.

But destiny is different destiny is a result of the choices you make when you encounter those faded moments and at every one of those faded those fated moments is a chance to raise or lower your consciousness and depending on the the expectations and the consciousness you have at any given moment that's the direction you're going to go the kabbalists used to say you know because there was always this big conundrum of do we have free will or don't we right. And accomplish would say every possibility that you have is like an oh this is this is how old i am it's like a vhs cassette right. And everything on that cassette is is is going to happen right. But every time you meet one of these faded moments to use the more.

Later vernacular and you may and you raise your consciousness you get a new tape. So if you don't change anything about who you are this is your life. But if you find those moments where you have the opportunity to or you work towards raising your consciousness or making your correction or finding your golden path depending whether you're doing kabbalistic or dallas approaches you have an opportunity to get a new tape right. And.

So this idea of you can always change there's there's very few things that are are you can't change uh and those things that you can't change you can change everything that happens in your life and about you as those when you encounter them and the things you do before you encounter those faded moments will completely determine the severity of those less than positive events and even though the joy and the magnitude of those positive events. But getting back to expectations one of the aspects the physiological aspects of our nervous system is we do not exist in real time um the best book. To reference on that is called how emotions are made i think it's by linda barrett is that doctor one of the things she's telling us in this in this book. On the theory of constructive emotions is that we don't live in real time we are constantly predicting what's going to happen a millisecond two milliseconds milliseconds out right.

And if if what we we've predicted the simulation we've run in our head matches what we encounter everything's fine. But if it doesn't we it literally winds up. But rewinds our memory changes it moves you forward again a lot of people when they create an intention or they they set a manifestation they imagine in their mind what it's going to be like and the problem is is they get too specific and what i mean by that when i did i did a podcast with yogi brian over at the yoga guys um and i said um i said to him look. When it comes to manifestation you need to focus on the what and let go of the how because when people create a manifestation they're lit they're they're doing it from this a based on who they were in the past right.

One of my more infamous mentors used to say that goal setting was [ __ ] because by definition the person setting the goal is [ __ ] up because you're not because you aren't the person who can have it right. And. Then and again i get this little corroboration from all these like one another one of my teachers um in the in the fashion systems that i studied uh taylor sinclair her mother used to say you can be or do or have anything in this life that you want to have. But.

First you have to become the person to whom that thing can happen to yes. And there and. So you see this little these these little connections uh you know this guy over here saying goals are [ __ ] because by definition the person who can have it isn't the person who can get it or the person who wants it isn't the person who can get it. So there's all these little steps that have to happen of evolution for you to become the person who can have it yeah well when we set an expectation we're setting that expectation based on our past and what we think it's going to look.

Like. So two things happen a the person that we're operating from doesn't have the tools to recognize how to get there and b they think they know how to get there well if as your experience and my experience bears out 99 of the people know exactly where they need to go. But can't get there why because they don't have access to their subconscious mind which is the part of you that navigates the non-local universe you create expectations based on your past you create expectations based on the information that you have and. So by definition you don't have those things yet.

So you either have to move forward in time to the person who has it and look. Backwards to see how you got it which is doable by the way or you have to let go of the how right. Because inevitably a lot of times especially people who are less lucky on the serendipity scale they tend to be hyper hyper specific in each step of the process and it's that hyperspecificity that actually creates a form of blindness to the non-linear opportunities for getting that thing faster and better than if they just let go of the house like when i did a class called get lucky for life which was on the five or six characteristics that all lucky people share and one of the the contrasts that we drew was naturally lucky people when they set an intention like contrast this average hard-working person they'll say i'm going to go to a doctor i'm going to be a heart surgeon i'm going to go to cedar sinai medical i'm going to say you know media's world famous heart surgeon and i'm going to go to this school in this school and they have every step of the way past class out and there's nothing wrong with that they're going to work really really hard right. But we're not we're talking about manifestation not hard work necessarily a lot of people confuse one you know they think manifestation is something for nothing and it isn't it's just something for a little bit different stuff um.

But my point is is that when people people who are naturally lucky people tend to tap into this non-local phenomenon we call it just like create it just like happens well what they do they may have they have the same vision of being a heart surgeon uh in their head. But they'll say something as simple as i'm just gonna be a doctor who helps people do you see how broad yeah how much how many things can come in and from different angles whereas i have to go to this school and i have to get this grade and i have to graduate this time there's it's this narrowness that of the expectation this is the only way it can happen and that's what i'm describing to you is that for years i was like beat myself up because i'm like i'm i'm strain away from the path i was supposed to go to harvard and become a medical doctor i'm strange i'm not in africa i'm in canada and it's like when i let go canada africa same thing same weather same culture and when i let go of that i was like whoa like i'm okay. With where i'm at right. Now because i actually did arrive to where i wanted to arrive just got there different.

But i just i you know i it would have been way less painful the journey is if i had just been like i just want to heal people and help people right. Or i just and. However that looks you know that because i you know we create. So much as self-deprecation and.

So much you know shame and blame on ourselves when it doesn't turn out the way we expect quote unquote we beat ourselves constantly yeah and i mean especially with relationships right. Now i have a ton of people i don't know if it's because of the pandemic and the isolation. But i have a ton of clients that are just like either getting divorced or meeting the love of their life or like it's all about relationships right. Now people will always have health issues.

But right. Now it's all it's all about relationships and they're like they're like okay. I met the man in my dreams. But.

But this this this and this you know and i'm like okay. But how does he make you feel and it's that whole expectation to like you know you wanted a partner and they're like yeah. But he has you know he wears jeans i'm like okay. Is that a problem well i just prefer someone that dresses up more you know and it's it's again back to that expectation.

So i kind of wanted to have your top like have your take on the whole how do you manifest relationships with expectations well without expectations i should say because you're saying really letting go of how it arrives how do you let that go in a world where we're told how relationships should be all the time what makes you happy right. Okay. Now contra that now it's interesting you mentioned this because i literally just launched uh. Last uh i think it was november i did a class called soulmate secrets oh and um is that on youtube uh no.

It is not uh it was a it was a one-off well it's actually two-off class now i got one coming up um end of january or middle of january. But it was done it was done um i was i was asked to do a joint venture with uh the subscribers for numerologist.com and astronomy astrology.tv and um i've been looking at this concept of soulmates for a while because we have a lot of courses on attraction and dating and things of that nature. But we never looked at the spiritual aspects of it and we never we didn't really put a program out on that and. So i wanted to kind of because i was curious right.

Yeah i wanted to see i knew we had tools i just wanted to see how we could get those tools into people who would never consider them from the other marketing angles that we tend to promote things and. So i created this program called soulmate secrets um and one of the things that was dramatically dramatically clear right. From the get-go was a that people don't understand the difference between a drug addiction and long-term love b they actually don't have a conscious idea of what makes them happy and. So one of the very.

First things there's other things. But. But let me start with those remind me to talk about uh dealing with people who have potential which is something we don't do anymore one of the things that you have to do if you want a mate that truly makes you happy without all the codependency issues that go with it is you need to make your life as awesome as humanly possible for you because if you're not enjoying life on if you need somebody else to make your life complete you're not living your life well enough um okay. It's it's really that nobody can be responsible for making you happy except you.

So the it's a hard pill for people to swallow. But this is this is the this is the work we come into this place um brent bound lovingly calls trauma school earth we come into this i call it hell. But that's even you're not far off right. Purgatory hell same thing that's how we learn one of the dumbest and smartest decisions i ever made you know back in back when i was i'd say somewhere between nine and 11 years 11 years old seemed to be a big deal for me i was i was going through my biblical phase i was reading the bible a lot i came across this story about king solomon and i'd known enough from my studies in my my flotations with the occult that he was this big famous magician.

But he was also like the one of my favorite books of the time was king solomon's minds that's actually how i found out he was like the richest dude in the world right. I didn't know as much about his magical side as i did that he was like the richest guy in the old world and. So i was like and i'm reading in the bible about this guy and it says that when the angels of the lord asked him what he wanted that he could have anything he wanted he said grant me wisdom and i said my little 11 year old self i sat back and gone he asked for wisdom got everything seems like a good deal to me your god grant wisdom and from that moment on god proceeded to take my life and wipe his buttocks with it because one of the way and and one of the and why how do we get wisdom experience experience good experiences are not. So good experience right.

We tend to learn better from the not. So good experiences. So as i look. Back on my life people think people think i have all this with no.

I guess got my ass kicked over and over and over again and i had to pick myself up from my and and learn things right. And in the process somewhere along the way people think i acquired wisdom i just think i acquired a better wardrobe. But uh we'll see. But you know circling back one of the things we realized very early on is that people don't know what makes them happy they think they know because have you ever read a book.

Or written anything sharing okay. One of the things that they'll tell you when you're learning to write and i've studied writing in a lot of different ways and a lot from a lot of different teachers one of the things that will tell you is that once you've written something put it put it up in a box somewhere don't look. At it for a few a week or two come back and. Then read it from the back to the front and.

Then any people go why from the back to the front it's because if you read it the way you wrote it your brain will fill in all the inconsistencies all the grammatical errors and you'll think it's perfect and there's holes in it everywhere now metaphysically speaking i call that process the externalization filter when you create an intention in your mind your brain fluffs out all the inconsistencies all the the um the unrealistic expectations and things it's just it's just in this one happy place right. Because you're in your mind people love being in their mind well a lot of people move through the world with this idea that i'll know it when i see it well you probably won't because you have this idealized version of it in your head that doesn't match the refracted version of it on the outside have you ever seen ever seen water or sunlight going into a fish tank right. Does it go in straight no. It refracts.

So you know if this is the edge of the water the the sunlight beam enters the top of the water here. But it shoots over health centers over here and it looks like there's two different beams or something happen well why we are light beams we are from everything from source is just a difference in the density coming down and every time light passes through a dense medium it refracts well you are the ultimate version of a prism a spiritual prism and. So what you created here is different as it passes through these other layers of view and though what happens is what you see is perfect in here isn't going to manifest out here you can get close. So the way you do that you have to push it through that externalization filter.

So you have to get the things that are most important that if you absolutely have to have to be happy and satisfied and fulfilled in your life on paper push them out of you. So you can objectively look. At them in this reality and you ever noticed that what seemed like a great thing to say or do when you're the moment you put it on the page doesn't seem quite. So perfect anymore there you have it.

So people move through the world this idealized idea or checklist of what they want. Then they think they'll know they get it and they're always checking to see if people match up right. We talk about this in. So of course called the emotional bonding checklist or the emotional motivation checklist.

But people and people do that in contexts. But they never sit down and say okay. What do i absolutely have to have in my life to be happy satisfied and fulfilled and what's important about that and how do i know when i'm getting it and one of the things that happened when we made all of the students we had like 22 23 students in that class when we made them do that work they got such clarity on things that they thought they understood and all of a sudden their manifestation the the time's going from this to this because a they had a road map they had a checklist they had a series of parameters and boundaries in their life that were. So nebulous before anybody could could violate them or or not meet them or not satisfy them because if you don't know what you need in one how can you expect other people to do it right.

Sort for the people that in the long term once you get past the oxytocin and dopamine rush that short-term drug addiction right. Which is what happens we you know we meet someone your body secretes all these chemicals that are the exact same chemicals and the exact same pathways that would be work that would be active in a cocaine addiction it's it's it's it's going to happen and it's supposed to. But in that moment you're going through what we call in hypnosis translogic you're seeing the world through partner-colored glasses all the things that would be red flag walk into the sunset and rule the world together yes. I play romance novels for that by the way hallmark movies yeah my point though is is that you think that this chemical rush that you get is going to stay and biologically it simply doesn't it's replaced with something else and a lot of people don't understand this and.

So what happens is they move through these really they jump from one dopamine rush to the. Next thinking that that's why they're unsuccessful because they don't understand that those chemicals are supposed to subside. But one of the problems is is that the people that they're having those rushes with aren't good for them because they're not sorting they're not sorting for them and what happens is a because you don't know what you need or what you want you don't know what's what this person if this person satisfies the other criteria beyond just triggering a dopamine rush in you and. So you start making exceptions and allowances for this person you look.

At the person across from you and little little little angel on your shoulder says oh just the right. Steps like few good suggestions he could be awesome right. You see the potential in this partnership person as a partner. But if you just if they just had your guidance they could actualize all these things and you never stopped to realize from what maybe he doesn't want that maybe he or she isn't going to do that because it's not who that is not their golden path it's not what they want and.

So what happens is you you commit yourself to a relationship with a person before you actually tested this person to see if they're a long-term fit and you can do that in as little as 20 minutes if you have the right. Techniques i was gonna say how do you do that three magic questions protocol was designed for women to be used on men for exactly that purpose um. But one of the problems that we have is we look. At the potential of the person and we fall in love with that potential we fall in love with the expectation of who that person could be when you're on a date with somebody when you're in a relate when you're in a relationship with somebody if you want to know how happy you're going to be 20 years from.

Then with that person imagine this person will be exactly the same person 20 years from now as he is in front of you and if the answer is ew get out now get up now because. So many of us and men and men and women are both guilty of this yes. Just the right. Tweaks just the right.

Guidance no. If if the person in front of you isn't good enough for you 20 years from now they don't need to be in your life right. And that's. So tough because society i think too this comes into social constructs it tells us that you know that they're going to be perfect right.

That's never going to can't happen right. And. So people sit down and they're like well he didn't text me back right. Away.

So you know he's emotionally unavailable. So. Next and it's like what like maybe he was busy maybe he was you know who knows maybe like that's insane and. Then society expects that oh okay.

Like this this relationship this person that is sitting across from you is going to be perfect and don't worry if they're not because they will be. Anyway that's expectation again isn't it right. And what you're saying is like no. No.

What you see is what you get if this person doesn't make you happy you know if this is an exercise that you have to do can you be happy if this person doesn't and they will change of course. But not usually not the directions you think and not to the degree that you want as you look. At this person across from you can you imagine yourself being with this exact person this exact way 20 years from now and will you be happy and if the answer is not at least a qualified yes. [Music] you should probably really reconsider a your expectations or be your criteria right.

Because you're especially the. First few months you're making decisions through a cocktail of hormones that are going to subside over time whether you want them to or not and a different set of hormones will take its place. But it won't be the same massive peak and if you're someone who's what i call dopamine dominant you're you've spent most of your life going looking for those highs is that a thing that's a thing can you explain a little bit about that well okay. Um this is based on the work of dr helen fisher um she's uh she's a researcher for match.com and chemistry.com she was the.

First one to create a personality indicator tool based purely on the dominance of hormonal pathways in the human body and he isolate she isolated rather um that there were four basic pathways that all humans possess and the ratio of them will determine what kind of a life you lead what kind of partners make you happy and. So she wrote in these four character types an actual test you can take yes. Fisher type indicator type indicator okay. You can also get the book.

Why him why her and probably with the exception of maybe the myers-briggs type indicator she's probably had more people take her test than anybody in in history because her test is used exclusively by match.com chemistry.com. So it's literally been tested on millions of people in every culture that has the internet okay. Um and. So you have four basic personality types now each type has four different hormonal pathways because they're human.

But one tends to predominate. So you have dopamine dominant or dopamine uh norepinephrine dominant types you have testosterone dominant you have estrogen dominant and you have serotonin dominant and your your dopamine norepinephrine dominant are the adventurers of the world they're constantly seeking the highest and the lows they are always they're sensation seeking. So they have they can on the pathological side have a high degree of sociopathy or narcissistic behaviors right. Right.

Um. But that's only on the extreme you calling me a narcissist i would never call you a narcissist to your face yeah. But uh anybody who's in on social media is a narcissist right. Why are we doing it for attention yeah right.

You know uh and our culture has has in spite of flames and and uh trolls to the contrary our society has propagated that particular character trait yeah by the behaviors that it that it rewards we we've become um and we're all attention seeking creatures it's just a question of degree. But don't mean people are more adventure seeking they're sensation seeking. So they'll climb mountains they'll do skydiving hang lighting they'll they'll anything that that results in a change of state it's and it's more they're. So they're more fiery in terms of the chinese five element system very fiery people very creative people doesn't make them bad they just don't try to strap them down just unless it's part of something kinky.

But um you know. But they just they're just very fiery from a chinese federal perspective they're in in the barton system in the hermetic system in hippocrates four element or five element system they would be known as the um [Music] standalones no. Um yeah they would be sanguines penguins yeah. So they're sanguine right.

So you have this dopa this norepinephrine dopamine dominant which is uh analogous to the sanguine which is analogous to the fire element. So you can see how it just goes right. Across and characteristically behaviorally that's how they play out uh. Then you have testosterone driven people who are more what we call woody or choleric i believe is what uh yeah right.

And. So these people have a lot very similar tendencies to dopaminergic people except they're much more focused they're much more driven they're the directing type they want to take charge and they can they can get along with dopamine people as long as they're aligned in the same direction. But the minute the dopaminers go off on tangents they get pissed right. So these people are very focused these people are the metal wood element you have serotonin dominant people who are classic ardent adamant traditionalists this is the way grandma joe did it is that melancholic uh i believe.

So yeah melancholic or um what's the other one i have i haven't actually don't have the chart actually i do have the chart i made this chart for my uh my face reading people uh let me see if i can find this is. So informative this is like a master class uh you're actually the. First one to see this. So it's outside of my classes and it's it's a work in progress.

But uh let me see if i can find it how you were able to go all across the the charts maybe this is because of you because the book. That i recommend that you read recommended had a ton of references in it that set off my snyder alarm and uh i followed the rat i followed that bunny trail this is what i got. So i don't know if you can do i have permission to share screen you need an enable screen sharing if you want to see this i don't know how i do that uh go to participants or security do you i don't i don't have a security thing though nope i don't have the same panel here okay. You made me the host all right.

Let me see what i got here um see if i can share screen now like let me do it oh let me do it now okay. So um just to show you really quick i don't know if you can see that's. So cool yeah okay. So these are.

So these this is the they call this is their they're labeled on the type indicator. But this is the hormonal pathway that is dominant compared to the rest and. Then this is the fischer categorization if you would look. At her she would say explorers do this.

Next order do that which is analogous to the sanguine or the fire element in chinese five element theory you have social norm compliant these people are serotonin dominant these people are ardent traditionalists they they don't like chains they don't respond to change and they will find things the same. So um they're more of a yin energy uh fisher called them builders they're they're more of the melancholic type and these have earth and metal tendencies these people can be very nurturing. But they're very rigid in the rules of society and the people they associate with these people only want to associate with people like themselves they can get. But in those in groups they can be very nurturing very just bend over backwards you know um just this is how they are the tough-minded people are more testosterone driven and they're very direct they're you know they're the very woody metal people now you can always tell a metal person because they're very bossy they have big cheekbones okay.

Um and again depending on whether they they lean more towards the earth element or the um the fire element they'll be more um aggressive and or more rigid in in in their. So we can talk about that. But there's a direct correlation and. Then you have the pro-social or the estrogen dominant people uh that fischer calls negotiators these are more of a yin type uh and she she classifies people by a primary and a secondary.

So you could be like an explorer negotiator or you could be a builder director i was gonna say usually they're that yeah. But what. But here's what's interesting you know they're it you since the the course is about relationships uh let me go ahead and close this out um one of the things about relationships is people are always asking is do opposites attract or is it like versus life and the answer is yes. And going back to that chart i just showed you explorers are always happiest with explorers directors are always better with our builders who are the serotonin dominant like other serotonin dominance.

So they're the like to like people the other two wood people are attracted to negotiators or uh directors are attracted to negotiators negotiators are attracted or have a better pairing with uh directors. So now you have opposites attract track and it's based on these these different mixings of hormonal pathways now when you take the fischer type indicator you're going to get a ratio of a numerical ratio of you know out of out of 48 you scored this in your director you scored this in your explorer and it's these ratios that'll give you a bit of an idea of in kind of a window into your own biology for lack of a better word and how it's affecting your personality. But there's direct vibrational correlates to this because everything that is solid is yin. But it's it's it's just denser energy and.

So there's a quality scale and a quantity scale metaphysically speaking that's holographically manifested throughout the human being. But one of the problems that we have in metaphysics and this is i think one of the biggest reasons why we don't we aren't as as a community we aren't as consistent in our results as we could be is that we try to study the metaphysical universe to understand the physical universe think we got it wrong i think my personal belief is if you want to really understand the metaphysical universe really understand the physical one wow as above. So below right. And.

So you get things that are workable and practical in this dimension and. Then you can through the process of chunking up and chunking down your intuition or pattern recognition whatever word you want to put to it you can extrapolate the metaphysical principle yeah on up the scale and that's a lot of what i've done is is you know i i was like many people i was you know indoctrinated into these very metaphysical airy fairy you know vague things and it was like almost luck when something did manifest or something did work and. Then i kind of went through my my disillusioning phase and what's interesting in retrospect because when i chose my acupuncture school i chose the acupuncture school with the greatest degree of western medicine incorporated into the curriculum wow i was actually quite disillusioned with energetics when i went to acupuncture school because a lot of the things that i had been taught weren't working and. So i said look.

There's got to be another way to do this there's got to be another reason how and why this works maybe western medicine has those answers they didn't. But they had more they had more answers and and because i have this weird shaped hairline which means i have an extrapolative in integrative thought process um i started again taking all these little legos from all these different disciplines and all of a sudden what came together was was something greater than the sum of the parts. But um and. So.

Then. But again you were you were part of that process because that chart that you see i couldn't put together without the little nudges that was cool right. But that's how it works dr david snyder changing lives folks changing lives okay. I'm going back you know i just wanted to touch a little bit you know about tips and tricks for people you know talking about expectations uh creating your the reality that you want and manifesting what do you got for us um a lot of people come to me and they ask me the question you know um you know how how do i get what i want how do i use my mind to manifest um how do i change my mood how do i you know how am i how do i always be in a good mood you know that is it's probably the dopamine seekers that are going after that.

But you know how how do you manifest what the life you want without the disappointment. But that truly is the question i get all the time is people come to me and they're disappointed and they want something and they can't get it and they don't know why they don't have it how do we how do we get it well. First and foremost what's stopping you are you stopping you or our event stopping you is the locus of attention or the locus of control inside or outside it's very simple you know one of the things i see over and over and over again with people who actually achieve is the they achieve to the degree that they realize that their life is a result of what they do not what is done to them as a result of the choices they make based on the feedback and the variables they get from the universe rather than you know uh you know burying uh you know a key at a crossroads or you know uh putting a horseshoe above the door or creating a a vision board you know those things can be helpful. But if you don't balance them with actual action in the material world if you don't take the action to become the person who can have those things it's not going to manifest because even though anything is possible there are certain things that are more plausible than possible than others right.

I had this discussion with a lady the other day who was got spent her life studying metaphysics and the occult and law of attraction and kabbalah and stuff like that she was telling me how broke she was and how she's she's um she's trying to manifest money. So she can she can move out of her place and do all these things and i said well what are you actually how are you actually going about that because i'm trying to win the lottery i'm la i have about three i've had about a handful of clients coming away and that has been their answer yeah and the problem is is you live in a quantum universe where every thought matters. So if you've got 30 million people all trying to win the same lottery right. Well unless you've got a lot more amplitude behind that and your blocks are out of the way it's probably not going to happen you're going to have more you're more likely to manifest something by becoming a person who's worth it than trying to get something for nothing which is what unfortunately people who embrace this concept of the law of attraction are doing they're they think that the law of attraction is the easy way it's not easy it's different and when you start on this path of what i call self-directed evolution which is the law of attraction it's alchemy period that's all it is you're you're embarking on a path of bringing your neurology your spiritual neurology as well as your physical neurology into a deeper level of connection and intercommunication with the larger macro or the non-local universe and.

So what happens is your neurology becomes an extension of that and vice versa. But you still have to do some work you know the kabbalists say that in order for the light which has everything in it to be revealed it must be concealed and what they mean by that is that there has to be a physical vessel either a physical object or a set of actions in the universe that open a window for that energy to be emerged and be expressed. So if you're if you want to be a doctor we'll go back to the whole medical question right. And you said you put on your vision for all these things.

But you never get off the [ __ ] couch and enroll you can't be a doctor yeah right. If you're not willing to if you don't have the mindset of whatever it takes to become that person your your law of attraction stuff is going to be sparse at best it's going to be random at best. So one of the things that has to happen is you have to be aware of your dominant thoughts now the law of attraction tells us that you will attract into your world the people places and events they're in harmony with your dominant thoughts there's a problem with that most people don't know what their dominant thoughts actually are they think that it's the it's the thoughts they're aware of consciously. But it's not it's the secret identities beliefs and little movies and background feelings and sensations that are below the threshold of conscious awareness that are on an endless pipe on auto autopilot like we've talked about this in trauma resolution when you encounter an event that triggers your trauma survival system it's almost like the old ghostbusters where they opens up this little trap grabs all these memories and feelings sucks it in this little pocket dimension in your body almost like that ghostbusters trap does and what you don't realize and people don't realize is that that little fragment of your consciousness is holographic it knows everything you knew up until that moment.

But nothing beyond it and it's on an endless loop and it has a frequency and a vibration connected to it your body will start to store these things in the same location based on what they have in common and they'll take on more and more and more of a frequency as they build up and those are below the threshold of your conscious awareness and that's actually the things that are tainting and in many cases skewing your manifestation skills for example i'm sure you've had this experience. But we've all like done affirmations right. You ever you ever noticed sometimes like if you're doing this really cool affirmation like in the there's this big positive feeling you get from having it and. Then in the background there's this little nagging totally type of a feeling that's what you want to be aware of because the the the big feeling that you're feeling up front is the obvious surface level thought.

But that little icky background feeling is the dominant thought it's the part of you that's locked below the threshold of conscious awareness that's related to this part manifesting and if you don't chase that feeling down it will sabotage you. So this is part of the alchemy of manifestation you have to know what your dominant thoughts are in order to know what they are you have to. First realize what they how they manifest in your body they're not the ones you can consciously think of. But the ones that pop up automatically when you're doing something else right.

Because they're on an endless loop below the threshold of conscious awareness they have a vibrational frequency to them which generates a certain type of phenomena and the in order to get past those you have to summon up an extraordinarily large amount of positive emotion and will to get by or you could just go in and like i talked to many people before mostly moved to the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and they just think if i just add more thrust to the engine i'll get there faster. But they don't realize that the more thrust they add to the engine the more drag they create on the anchor it's. So fun that you bring this up i literally had a client the other day she came to me she's a real estate agent and she is really struggling financially like and she shouldn't be like she she puts in hours of work um she's she's done all the right. Things she's connected with the right.

People and funny enough she came to me because she's she wants she can't get over her ex and she wants to find the love of her life classic story and uh her her belief system and she's mad about it she's mad that she doesn't have a partner and she's matt especially doesn't have a financial partner right. Right. And. So she's like ah like you know the belief that i would be happier safer wealthier better if i had a partner and where's my partner and i every time i talk to her she messages me quite often through coaching and she's like yeah well you know what else it was a problem today i didn't have i didn't have a partner to help me do this and i didn't have you know i have another bill come in and it would be really nice and i'm like and.

Then she comes to you goes i don't know why i'm succeeding in business and i said i have a little sneaky suspicion that like if you were like we have two conflicting beliefs here you know your dominant thought is i won't be i make money until i have a partner or i can't make money unless i have a partner or i can't make money period because i need a partner whatever that is it's all around the partner and i have a sneaky suspicion that your business isn't going to take off until that happens unless you change the belief and the thought like what you're saying the dominant. But she doesn't even realize this and i. Finally said to her i said wouldn't it be really conflicting if you like what would happen if you were really successful in in real estate just like i'd have a lot of money it's like. So you wouldn't really you could hire someone to clean your garage you you wouldn't need a man no.

I wouldn't well that would conflict your belief that you need a man you know what i mean like it's like i said you not being successful in your real estate business is validating the belief that you need a man right. And i was like and if you become successful in your business it's going to invalidate belief that you need a man. So let's get rid of the belief you need a man or you know like change your perspective change your value system whatever that is and i know we do a number of things to do that. But she had no.

Idea. But i love that you're bringing this to the surface because a lot of the times people say you know i'm not getting what i want i don't know why and it's like because there's a dominant thought a subconscious thought that's driving you absolutely creating that vibrational frequency that's like i'm like honey you're repelling clients because you're coming across like you're a widow like yeah like you're an a poor invalid that you know can't even pick up a pen without wealth is running from her right. Now yeah literally and i'm just like you know and you know i even catch myself too when when when i'm in really stable relationships my finances drop because there is there has been a belief that i've had to work through for a long time that i can only make money when i'm alone in the desert by myself okay. Right.

I can oh you can kind of change that right. It's like and. So i made a lot of money during the pandemic because i was alone in the desert. But you know when i have community i like my my finances dropped because it's like oh i can't make money when i'm in community it's like it's weird messed up scarcity mindset which i've now recognized and balanced because this is what i do for a living and.

So i recognize it in myself. But yeah i'm you know people need to understand that we validate our beliefs on an unconscious level absolutely we manifest that and here's the thing i'm a face reader and i do a lot with face reading and one of the things that my teacher lillian taught me many many years and i knew this already from my my therapy work. But people are amazingly blind to their own they're patterns completely oblivious to the same pattern happening over and over again i make fun of it when i talk about dating the same person with a different face right. I had a colleague say that the other day you know.

But uh. But the truth is is that we we perpetuate these patterns of of you know i can't have i can't be financially solvent without a financial partner well like i said before if if you're not willing to to be standing on your own two feet no. Amount of waiting for a part and i guarantee you if that partner does manifest you're going to be miserable they're going to be poor it's going to your universe is going to play a trick on you you're going to backfire on your partner and he's dirt poor and you're like wait what in fact you now have to support him you know you can now make more money because you actually have a deeper reason to do it right. Right.

Yeah you know the thing is as we you know these patterns they start off um let me change my screen view here really quick all right. These these patterns um the way my teacher described it were like spirals like they can start off like if you're here and it's out here and it kind of passes through you and you have this issue and maybe you ignore it and you ignore it that. First time in the. Next orbit it comes around it's a little bit closer right.

And it gets a little bit more intense. But you just kind of ignore it and not pay attention to it and with each subsequent orbit it gets closer and closer to being embodied until you get to the point where you can't actually ignore it anymore and you have to deal with it um isn't biblically that like going down going around the mountain is that like the philistines going around the mountain one more time we just quite going through the desert for 40 years ago i don't recall that story it could be you know there's a lot of metaphor in there. But the interesting thing is that when you actually address the problem starts to spiral out in the inverse. So like you'll resolve it in the body and.

Then it'll start to orbit out oh that's good news a similar situation will happen and you'll recognize it and it won't be nearly as triggering or traumatic and you're trying to get through it and. Then it'll possibly be further out and you'll recognize the pattern again. But it won't be even less of an issue until. Finally it's.

So far off your radar it's not even a thing anymore uh and that's how my teacher explained this this inverse and x. First got to go within you got to go towards it and chinese medicine and chinese medicine actually had you know similar stories where these these high-level physicians who could see the entire human energy field they would tell the emperor there's a disease out here in your field is going to kill you in 10 years if you don't do something about it and break it putting it off and putting it off and putting it off and. Then. Finally the emperor's on his death bed he says why didn't you warn us about this right.

And you know. So. But we are amazingly um blind a lot to our own patterns and that's sometimes why people like you and me can be. So important because we have the outsider's perspective and we can see these patterns and if we have the skill sets hopefully we can guide them to a revelation and and in the process of that revelation they become willing to make a change because my experience has been until they realize it has to start inside of them and the locus of control is in them they'll be constantly looking west uh running west looking for a sunrise um and sometimes people just have to suffer they have to just be against the wall meetings until they have this epiphany.

But in terms of manifestation there's two areas that we need to look. At uh a is what is your what are your dominant thoughts that are impeding the manifestation of it and that goes to the identity level who are you are you the person who can have it if not what do you need to do to become that person right. Do you need to go back to school do you need to get education we separate that into what i call skill set versus mindset and uh in terms of skill set versus mindset you know it's mindset if you know exactly what steps to take where to go who to pay who to call when to do it and you're just not doing it that's mindset. But if you've got if you're where to start you're chomping at the bit you're salivating and you have no.

Idea where to direct any of that energy that's a skill set both are fixable and one often masquerade. So do you have a belief system that's in harmony with the direction you want to go are there dominant thoughts getting in your way you need to clear those up what actions are you willing to take to become a person are you willing to take the time limit off because like for me you know um i don't know i've only very recently become dr schneider right. Um i didn't start i didn't actually start medical school i think it was end of 2017 or 2018. right. So i was in i was already in my 50s you know when i started that doctorate program you know what it's 2021 we're going on 2022. i'm gonna be level 56.

Next year right. Whether i've gone to medical school or not i'm still going to be 56. Next year the difference will i be 56 with a doctorate degree or will it be 56 without one and. So this is the idea i'm 2x i'm too old i'm too young i'm not smart enough time will pass anyways time's going to pass and if you can entertain the idea and you're willing to do whatever it takes and the universe will test you on this this is one of the big ones the universe will test your resolve.

Then you can be and do and have anything you want because you're willing to become the person that can have it now here's what's interesting and this is again the paradox of manifestation when you embody that attitude everything in many cases often the distance that appear to be stumbling blocks or boulders in the path as you make up your mind to go relentlessly over around and through them regardless of what it takes the universe conspires to remove them from your from your path or send you off in a different direction that gets you there faster and allows you to learn things you couldn't learn or when you get up to those big boulders you find out they're made of styrofoam right. But it doesn't manifest until you become absolutely relentless when you're willing to do whatever it takes without violating your values it's important um and sometimes your values are the problem which is something we talked about in. So many secrets too because one of the things that happens is people have a value tree and in their value tree like there's ten things in their value tree money's like seven oh i know no. No.

I know exactly this was my problem i did when i did my value system and if anybody's listening uh we both i know you teach a course on this um i do this privately with clients because this was mind-blowing because i'm like why am i not making money i'm a you know my money was like number 10. i don't even think it was on the list right. And i learned that if it's not in the top two of your value system in entrepreneurship or business or finances if that's your goal that's a problem right. Very much. So it was like i had to put money i think it's like number two or number three um hey i'd say if you if you if it's not at least in your top five you're probably broke yeah totally right.

Absolutely and uh that was mind-blowing that actually set me up for. So much success it was one of those um you know uh assessments that you do that you're like wow that actually was very helpful for the rest of my life. So i do offer those the values the value tree the value systems you absolutely agree with that because one of the things that that sometimes happens with people is you can also have values conflicts like you value freedom right. Oh i see this all the time right.

You value freedom more than anything else and if you have to do something for money that that's something you have to do and. So because it conflicts with freedom you don't do it yeah there needs to be some yeah it's all about clarity if you think about it yeah we can take the tools from nlp and modify them a little bit and and and contextualize them. But there needs to be you need to have a value system which is part of your identity the your value system are the are the pillars that support the identity that you move through this world in and if they're not in alignment or there's confusion about how you satisfy them your life is going to reflect that yeah yeah oh that's good that's good stuff okay. Um it's been over an hour i don't want to take up too much more of your time i'm i think we should probably do another podcast i don't know how busy you are i know you're really busy.

But i would love it i'd love for you to talk about trauma and how it affects the brain and the body and and also talking more about the ego esoteric stuff um i love going in deeper into that. So if if the folks want and if you're willing i'd love to do another podcast. But um let's let's wrap up and and where can people find you what course are you teaching. Next because you got a ton where can people find you yeah is uh david snyder nlp.com and uh we've actually divided the website up into what do you want to learn about pages.

So there's pages on charisma persuasion influence there's pages on law of attraction there's pages on self-help and and getting over trauma results you know resolving trauma. So there's whole pages devoted to those there's also a podcast page that where we we actually have a list of podcasts that you can just watch on the on the screen uh we have a full a fully filled out shop you can you can shop to your heart's content for those of you who want to test or you know try before you buy um we have this massive youtube channel that has a 170 000 subscribers and. Last time i looked we were close to 300 videos that were public and i think i have another 150 to 200 that are still uh unlisted or private uh and we're constantly creating more. So there's a lot of content there um and it's even on your instagram like folks if you just go what's your instagram handle uh david snyder nlp instagram.com yeah he has a ton of clippits of snippets clippits videos that you can just scroll through binge watch whatever you want to do.

So if you want to you know we're again i'm just i'm new to this even though i've been on social media for a long time i'm still very new to it well it's always changing and upgrading and we also have an events page our. First event of 2022 will be uh an event i love called the self mastery supercharger which is our entire identity by design system taught as a self hypnosis course that you can just do the entire seven-stage personality transformation in seven and a half minutes personality transformation in seven and a half minutes there you have it folks you want a new you new year new you just there right. There just go to david snyder nlp what is it what's your newsletter nlp.com that's david snyder nlp dot com one more time with feeling davises that's amazing okay. Well thank you.

So much for um for having for having me for having me uh for being on thank you for being on thanks for being here today thanks. So much david all right. Folks um if you have any other questions you can get a hold of me shereen s-a-t-r-y-n-e at intermind performance dot com or check out my webpage at intermindperformance.com all right. Have a good day folks i need you to push stop you need me to push stop i can do that you are host now yes.

And let me let me.
