Title: Mind Control Magick Psychological Tricks for Influencing and Understanding Humans
File Name: ErSsAIZO-dE.txt
Video Id: ErSsAIZO-dE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ErSsAIZO-dE

Remember the reason you're in this room is because you want to take the randomness out of your communication you want to exert more control over your own life and ultimately the lives of others when people come to you they want the same thing although they can't express it that way your job is compliance your job is not for them to believe in you although if you tell them if you have compliance believe it's kind of easy because if you tell them to believe something they will right. Compliance is the fundamental rule not nothing you want to accomplish happens until somebody does what you tell them it's it's that's the ugly and and pristine truth of it no. Change happened until people follow your instructions. So the secret is to get them to want to follow your instructions instead of trying to force them to follow your instructions and that again comes back to giving people their autonomy back their sense of self direction okay.

Which is why direct commands the way most people understand them rarely work well if you have enough authority the nervous system will capitulate. I'll be at grudgingly. But they will fight the nervous system will find a way to get payback okay. And killer influence will be talking about the four the four pillars of maximum hypnotic influence.

Authority attractivity acquiescence and affinity and if you understand these four macro elements and all the different ways to work within them. Then pretty much everyone you meet. Anytime. Anywhere will pretty much do what you say right.

But it's not just important to understand the techniques of it it's important to understand the ramifications of it and the dynamics of it the king of all macro hypnotic operators is authority as referenced by the. Milgram experiments in the 50s. I believe it was or maybe what the actually was earlier than that early part of this of the. Last century a man by the name of.

Stanley. Milgram decided to test just how far people would go under the orders of authority anybody familiar with those experiments. Sakhi mm-hmm okay. For those of you who don't our da aren't familiar with them.

Milgram staged a very powerful experiment where he hired actors to pretend to be test subjects and the actual was a still was a sham experiment designed to test the people that were thought they were doing the testing and. So what would happen is they would bring these college students in who were at and they were asked to participate in an experiment that was supposed to be to test the effects of negative reinforcement on learning and. So they were taught or told by a man with a white lab coat and a clipboard that you know there was this bank of switches and each one had would had a little little marking on it everything from very very small voltage all the way up to like fry your toes and turn you into. B of a.

BBQ level lethal basically and they were taught that there and there was a glass wall window and on the other side of the window was a man strapped in a chair what looked a lot like an electric chair okay. And they were told to ask the man in the chair questions and every time the man got the answer right. Everything was fine every time the man got the answer wrong you would have flipped one of those switches and each one was progressively higher and higher voltage and. So the student thought that he was there to test the negative of the effects of negative reinforcement on a person's ability to learn when in reality what was being tested was the students willingness to administer progressively higher and higher levels of shock because somebody told them to and it turns out that the vast majority the overwhelming majority of students would continue to administer shocks all the way up to lethal now the man in the chair was not actually being shocked he was an actor he was paid to pretend to get progressively worse till he was.

Finally like screaming and writhing in agony as this guy's and the guys in the chair and the women and the chairs are just breaking out in sweats they're crying they're begging to stop and the man who crippled it says please continue because somebody in authority told them to in spite of the psychological trauma in spite of the moral upbringing of these people somebody in authority told them to do it. So they did now what's the upshot when you appropriate the trappings of authority when you assume authority in anyone's world their nervous system will comply much more readily than when you're an equal they become hyper suggestible they become a hyper obedient they may not like you they may not want to do it. But they will the corollary to that is they'll find a way to get payback right. When you assume a.

Thor attained a position in the workplace people will get the work done because you're the authority that told them to do it. But you'll be amazed at the passive aggressive behaviors that become generated efficiency drops people start cutting corners anything they can to piss you off all right. That's the dynamic of authority based compliance it. Trump's everything right.

People obey because they're either fear retribution or the consequences or they're courting favor. But they don't necessarily do it because they want to that makes sense contrast that with an attractive 'ti based set of compliance where it's mostly the desire for approval the desire to please okay. You have a different set of dynamics when somebody is doing something out of an attractive 'ti motivation. I see this most often in prom queen syndrome right.

Where these these guys who have little to no. Social skills little to no. Social awareness will take any kind of abuse just to be in the presence of the prom queen you know to carry her books home from school kind of a thing getting. I'm dating myself.

I think with that one. But because nobody carries books anymore they're all iPads right. But my point is is that when people are working from an attractive 'ti standpoint there's a desire for to please the other person to get approval it's a desire for validation it's not necessary desire for punishment it could be a fear of authorization that's more of an affinity or acquiescence an affinity employ authorization goes more towards affinity being excommunicated from the group as opposed to one person that make sense now they're not mutually exclusive back when you can stack them which is what. I teach you track you you you you balance authority with attractivity with affinity people will just comply just.

I want to the nervous system will be predisposed to and they'll feel like they're doing the right. Thing by doing it okay. Again those are things that you know we'll talk more about in killer influence which is an expansion it's again you're learning the tools you're learning you're getting the paints and the brushes today right. Killer influence is a little bit more about strategy tactics thinking in terms of environment identity intelligence and.

Then ultimately influence right. That being said did we have a good lunch everybody here the damn. Canadians - ruptor time all right. We have oh hell no.

Oh hell no. I can't. I've been. I just got back from.

Montreal. Last week it was freezing of water my water hasn't thought thought-out yet and. So. I was.

I think the warmest that was up there was 50 that was the warmest it was when. I was up there no. I was. I was wearing like my.

Alaskan parka my seal skin is my muck look. I agree yeah it's called marriage no. But this sorry. I had a moment there it's going on no.

I grew up in. Pennsylvania and we're reminded me an awful lot of. Pennsylvania being up there and. Pennsylvania is a great state to be from you know um.

So. I'm. I cut back to do some paradise thank you. Rad's any other time before.

I went to. Montreal on a regular basis it's like 55 lakh it's cold and it's miserable out here no. No. You don't know miserable - even in montréal and macho is a beautiful city don't get me wrong we had a ball up there.

But it's. I. I couldn't handle the weather there's a reason why over half the city's underground which is kind of cool actually. But.

So what we learn from our modules this morning what did we what did we discover what're we learn. Oh yuria. I've got a little bit before. But just maybe even more solid good outcome this time good of course by its top to virtually speaking in terms of in terms of strategy yeah again until you can you can get these tools in your utility belt to the point where you you know the parameters of them it's very hard to think in terms of strategy because you're still trying to get the mechanics of the techniques right.

After a while it's it you won't have to worry about what to use because it's already handled for you it's on your diagram if all you do is put a little number. Next to each one you know exactly the order and step sequence to take right. If you want to shorten it you just go one two three and just keep talking and you'll have 80 to 90% of whatever you'll need in any situation because once you know what's important to another human being he'll talk all day long you know you have to do ask a few questions give a little nudge here in there they'll talk themselves pretty much into whatever you wanted to do that's the magic behind three magic questions is the longer they talk the better you look. Okay.

So to summarize the three elements that we've covered state control rapport and we'll spend a lot more time on other rapport stuff for four skills and. Then three the big one was criterion values right. And. Then we did a little sidebar on process which made everybody's eyes.

Cross right. And in the process aspect the vak process aspect is by far in it from what. I've seen in terms of cross contextual. NLP people and stuff like that the most challenging part of learning these things because it's where sensory acuity calibration skills and linguistic expression meet right.

And. So it's very easy to get overwhelmed especially because there's a limitation to the auditory modality what do. I mean by that when. I when people listen we listen sequentially.

But when the human body expresses itself it expresses it holographically visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory as well as linguistically all the subtleties within the link light the language and. So when you try to compress all that information when teaching it you try to compress it into dialogue you can't you can't process it all you go into overwhelm. So that's why we do this because your visual system is not linear your visual system takes up more bandwidth than any other modality in the brain okay. It's the only part of you your eyes.

Are the only part of your brain that moves did you guys know that your optic nerves are a direct outgrowth of brain tissue they're literally think of a snail with a little eyes. And that would be your brain in your eyes. That's literally how it works when you're you're you're just in it for a. Second stand over here and just just put your hand out and slowly push at me just come at me snow see what his hands did see what his hands did because as the eyes.

Come in the eyes. Follow the. First thing that moves right. And when the on the eyes.

Moved the brain boosts when the brain moves the body moves oh ok. So what's cool about that is and interestingly if if. I if he if he comes at me and. I do this it's easier for him to track and come back to his point of origin right.

See how his eyes. He came right. Back. But if as he comes in.

I do this see how he kept looking he couldn't look. Away right. So linearly this is what a stage magician will do or what a pickpocket will do when they're when they're having you focus your attention to look. This way because they know you can't actually look.

At anything else you can't compare to me when. I move it off or halt he can't come back to his point of origin if. I move straight he can look. Back easily right.

You don't know the droids right. So in a lot of in a martial context when someone looks at you and they go to punch at you their eyes. Fixate on a point on your body or your mind if he if he goes to push me see how his hand follows if. I five how to replace the target right.

I'll intersect the line of his intention he gets stuck here and he had his his body follows the energy right. There's a healthy life if. I'm thinking about it. I mean if.

I know you're gonna do that well if you know you're gonna do it. Then. I can. I can.

I can add more it actually makes the effect less because they're they're already screening for it right. So if you go to push night he just stops right. Or as he comes in and. I and everything stops that's a pattern interrupt right.

You just have to be able to know at what point to deliver the message that makes sense thank you you big round of applause and the. Chinese call that mine hitting by the way it's not new mine hitting. I'm not trying to no. I'm not trying to it may be incidental in the movement.

But. I you know if yet the guy. I referenced earlier. Apollo.

Robbins that's something. I learned from him actually as to why this [ __ ] works is it a curved line is harder to come back to your point of origin than a straight line. So when you're directing people like when you're doing the handshake interrupting. I'm use you.

Christine. So like when you're doing like the handshake interrupts it's easier to force them see it's harder for her to look. Away from this than it is to look. Away from that right.

So if. I want to make sure. I haven't rained the vision. I'll use a curved line across her field right.

So it's cool stuff right. And. But how do you make that useful right. Certain context it's useful other ones it's not right.

Now maybe if. I'm getting somebody to sign a contract and. I go as we sign this contract you know. I might come across that way because they'll track it easier especially if you.

I want to look. Back at your eyes. Right. No.

Okay. Right. That's harder for them to come back and if. I go just a straight line right.

And there's always tendency to kind of whip it back. Anyway. So make sure everything lines up like that. So when in doubt this is this is would be the crash course in.

CPI control your state get rapport target their criterion values just keep talking right. Use their words and life is good right. We're gonna get even more in depth okay. We're going to turning that part now in the actual.

CPI diagram we're gonna talk about language this is where interesting things start to happen right. Language language comes in two varieties in the world of coordinate you have modal speaking or modal languaging as. I call it that's module 3.1 in your manual it's sensory based language the. Morse modalities you can incorporate when you describe things the more absorption you create at a neurological level okay.

We tend to have one modality that leads into the other modalities and. Then we have to have we tend to have them a particular modality which may be the same one or a different one that we prefer over the others right. So when people relate they may relate primarily in visual words they may relate to us primarily in kinesthetic words that. I don't get it.

I don't get what you're you're talking what you're giving me right. Auditory. I can't tune in to what you're saying and that rings a bell to me these are all auditory descriptors. Therefore you know they're accessing the auditory parts of their brain that's literally what they're telling you.

I'm using the auditory cortex of my brain to relate to you right. Now does it mean they're using they're not using the others no. It just means there's their dominance and a preference does that make sense say someone might say. I can't.

I. I see what you're saying right. When. I see what you're saying what is it what are they telling me.

I'm making a picture right. So keep in mind that the minute you hear little little catchphrases like that the. First thing you should be thinking auditorially visual lead kinesthetic lead whatever if you are late to a person in their primary lead system they'll like you better they'll understand you better right. Now the problem happens of course is if fred is an auditory and.

I'm a kinesthetic he's gonna talk to me about what sounds right. To him and. I'm say. I don't get it you know what do you mean don't you see her where.

I'm saying and all of a sudden were arguing about the same thing and we're not because there's a translation issue right. He has to work harder to translate my feeling words into his auditory language how many people here at you have a speak a. Second language all right. When you have to translate from your your dominant language to a secondary language there a little bit of effort that goes on there guess what when you have to translate from primarily visual to a trip to an auditory this same effort of cat goes into place the difference is it's outside of conscious awareness for the most part unless you're really really fluent in which case my wife is speaks amazing.

English and she still you can see the energy when she has to talk in. English right. Her native her native language is. Mandarin right.

And as good as she is in. English you can see she gets tired when she goes to speak. Chinese it's like it's like somebody opened up the floodgates - energy low energy bill because it's effortless. So even though we may be fluent in a language it still takes extra processing power to translate okay.

The same process at us at a slave maybe a slightly different level of intensity is happening when we have to translate from the visual to the auditory from the auditory to the kinesthetic if that's our if that's our native or primary system conversely though you can enrich somebody's experience of what you're describing by adding these things in adding you know starting if they're if you know somebody's a visual dominant person you can start with a visual and. Then saying that sometimes. I hear as you're seeing that picture you can hear the sounds going bigger and brighter and stronger and that feeling can well up inside of you of feeling really connected to what you're seeing right. And you may even begin to imagine what that might smell like well it might taste like and you can describe in the different modalities and it enhances the absorption that you create and remember what are the two mediators of trance absorption and focus right.

So in. NLP speakers would call that overlap or some people would call it pyramiding. But it's basically going in on as on one modality and. Then and just expanding the sensory experience to incorporate all bandwidth the reason why spinning works is because it does exactly that it takes every part of your brain every part of your body activates it and targets it to a very specific level we do modal speaking we're doing the same thing just using our language okay.

So the. First exercise is gonna be very very simple well at least. I hope it's simple yeah and again it's it's not a it's not going to be an elicitation exercise not at all because at this level of communication all we care about is facilitating absorption. So it doesn't really matter what your primary lead system is or what your preferred lead system is we're going to nail you on all of them right.

The whole point about exercise module 3.1 is learning how to speak in such a way that you engage the full spectrum of sensory experience it's gonna make any story you tell much more vibrant much more compelling much more theatrical for all the right. Reasons it's going to reach the greatest number of people right. And that's what we want at the global level of influence right. Where's my where's mine you took.

It remember we're going global. First. So globe modal speaking lets us impact everyone right. And the nice thing is is because of the a person's own unique sorting system as they hear the word in the modality that matches their dominant or primary they'll just focus on that you'll get everyone make sense okay.

So here's what you're going to do you may or may not want to in this point we're just gonna begin talking in these different representational systems my work do. I have words okay. I don't have words okay. So let's do this we'll make you generate them haha.

I think in the. First. CP. I mean.

I actually had a list for each of the modalities. So. Aylmer give me a visual word si si. Senor bread give me a visual word look.

Okay. Give me a visual word notice notice know that no. [Music] picture image we clearly visualize your future's bright. You know right.

Right. That's very visual isn't it right. Police how about keeping one yeah these are actually pretty good right. So as you see the big picture you begin to look.

Deeply into the future you can begin to picture and imagine perhaps what this might look. Like clearly as you begin to focus even more intently on the picture. I'm creating for you can you see it. Oh what did.

I just do. I used all visual words. I spoke primarily in one modality right. And for those of you who were very visual you went holy [ __ ] those of you who weren't quite.

So vision went huh right. That's the drill all right. You this is what we call a word salad exercise where we have a string of words and we have to find the way to put them together in a way that almost kind of sort of makes sense the. First few times whenever you do a word salad drill you are speaking those words for the simple benefit of speaking them an interesting process begins to happen the more times you run through the list the faster your brain begins to process and begins to link those words together until the stuff you're staying actually starts to make a little bit of sense.

Then it starts to make more and more sense and you start and all of a sudden new circuits will open up in your brain and all of a sudden you become eloquent the speech still tends to have a little bit of a meandering quality to it. But it makes sense because your brain speeds up your linguistic centers expand and. B. I was able to do that much more effectively this actually happens a lot to musicians if you think about how close together this denotes in a musical score are these guys are actually thinking about what's going about all kinds of stuff between each note they're making [ __ ] up between the notes or thinking about what.

I have to change or how they have to adapt in fractions of a. Second fractions of fractions of a. Second because the sense of time and the way we perceive it and process it is not static the brain can modify its speed as necessary. But it only tends to do that thing to do that when it's placed in the situation that it needs to happen and until you become very very adept at understanding how your nervous system is works you don't know how to access the sub modalities that lets you trigger those states.

So we trick you a little bit by putting you in a situation where your nervous system has to adapt will you ever have to actually do this exercise to this degree in the real world probably not unless you're working with somebody who's autistic or somebody who has maybe some. Asperger's going on or somebody who has a learning disability one of the biggest stories. I have with regard to that back when. I.

First started trade teaching martial arts. I had a school in in. Coral. Springs.

Florida and. I had a good friend of mine had moved from from. Florida to. Nebraska and.

I started teaching my martial art and he had a student who was diagnosed as learning disabled and this kid had been coming for two years and in the martial arts that. I teach we have this thing called kata or formed which are our prearranged movements designed to teach you various things and the kid had been working on the. First kata the. First form which of like 20 that we teach for two years he could not learn this form.

So. I went out there to do a seminar and mice my student. Alan asked me to work with him and. I watched.

Alan working with the student and. I watched the student and what jumped out at me right. Away was a. First thing.

I understand in my friend. Alan was a fighter pilot he was a he when he was in the. Air. Force and they have to read highly they're highly visual.

But they're also auditory and digital and they're usually very balanced in their modalities because they have to see hear and feel at hyperspeed. So they become very very multimodal and that comes out when you speak this kid was a hall most 99% 100% kinesthetic he could not relate to the world in visuals that well he could not relate to the world in auditories practically at all. So as. I was watching.

I looked at the kid. I said turn around. I stood behind him give me a bob you'll get a kick out of this. I literally said turn around close your eyes.

And. I literally for the. Next 20 minutes went like this step down step punch get back turn around step step punch two out in less than a 90 minutes you learn three forms [Laughter] did you know that before right. Ninety minutes when you find the right.

Modality they get it right. Once you have once you know where they're at it's easier to take them somewhere else. But if you don't know where they're at they won't follow remember the confused mind says no. Right.

We like people who are like us if you want to lead people into a new place you got to meet them where they're at that doesn't change okay. So this is a very very useful exercise because it's developmental for you you're gonna notice something else because of the emotion refractory period because of the way it works you're gonna notice that after doing these drills you're gonna be much more aware when other people are using modal languages it's gonna jump out at you more because you've been sensitized to it now whether you keep that sensitivity or not is up to you the more you drill the better the skill right. So we have visual words meet some auditories who's got some auditory words for me here okay. Sounds buzz here give me a sound word honey can you tune into something rings a bell and you can use little phrases like that as long as.

I imply an auditory experience anything that implies an auditory experience you can it falls into this category and you can use it right. Resonant yep resonant has a vibrational frequency. So it can go kinesthetic if you think of it in terms of feeling. But most people may think of resonance they think more in terms of sound right.

Crackle okay. Singing could be sure listen absolutely. I think we did sounds. I know we don't even sound volume is good see they start to flow now right.

Cranking cranking would be kinesthetic yeah right. So as we turn up the volume and you begin to hear the sound and the words around you you can begin to listen more closely as your brain begins humming to the tune of a new experience that rings a bell for you in a way that makes you understand it as you understand those feelings you can begin to resonate with the idea of learning how to tune in to using auditory words it's kind of like that kind of sounds like that get it huh just drop in aesthetic into that you're just drumming in the sound they missed it all mostly because their path was to the client most of the time right. Cuz they client sits in the couch you sit in a chair like this taking notes asking them about their [ __ ] over and over again wondering why they don't get better kinesthetic. John give me a kinesthetic word slippery you've been at a priming class okay.

Grab you the wrong you'd like getting grabbed or infection depending on how you can. Emily. Debbie give me a kinesthetic word um heavy grabbed a burger and stuck with him for like three days stuck right. Feel absolutely right.

Give me a feeling word as he sits there chewing [ __ ] caught me in. Anila. But you because nothing could put your breathe now you can feel the breeze. But breeze isn't a kinesthetic it's a description sorry sense a sense would would be multimodal it's what we would fall into what we call the unspecified cousin can you sense it can you sense a picture or a color can you sense a sound can you sense a feeling it would be what we call unspecified which is it and we'll throw you into trance in and of itself cuz it takes your focus it goes you have it go huh tickle yes.

Bro he doesn't give me a word yet he thought. I forgot jumping. Oh grumpy absolutely can you feel grumpy grumpy is more of a of a in an adjective. So there's a feeling.

But grumpy could be dial not in happy okay. So a beer is grumpy and real heat is happy touch yes. So as we touch upon all the ways that this could grab you the wrong way you can discover that the heavy feeling can be can lead you to being stuck or as you run with this and jump through all these hoops that we're making you jump through you might tickle your fancy and can come very very happy or just plain grumpy can see that ah philia one of the interesting things that you'll notice many times is that when people are in agreement with you they'll use one modality and when they want you to think they agree with you they'll use a different one. I have a good friend of mine.

Richard. Clarke when he agrees with you he gets it said. I feel though. I feel what you're saying.

I get it when he wants you to think he agrees with you goes. I hear you [Music] you're like yes. No. And he doesn't even realize he does it.

I've told him this he doesn't realize he doesn't uh olfactory that smells right. Stinks okay. No. Not.

So much oh wait okay. In the terms of like smelling the wine okay. Aroma may be pungent huh cookie yeah you notice something about these particular words they're not exactly. Pleasant are they yes.

Huh. Greg you say fragrance yeah fragrance are there any are there any words or phrases that are very scent based smells like victory. Hey smells like teen spirit right. Honey.

But you get the idea right. Can you sniff out the truth in what. I'm saying can you catch the scent of where we're trying to go with this when you hear these little phrases trying to catch his scent sniff it out they're telling you watch part of the cortex are they using understand maybe you are don't never assume that because you're doing it that way that they do know you're the law you hear that phrase a lot will say right. Yeah okay.

Yeah wrap my head around it yeah it makes perfect sense to me makes perfect sense thing could you wrap your head around it to make perfect sense you can't wrap your head around it it won't make sense. So you're [ __ ] yes. Your olfactory sense is one of the most primal of the five senses [Music] your your your your ear your nasal sense goes right. To your limbic system right.

To your reptile brain there's a reason why it's right. Above your mouth okay. Because that's where you eat and the fastest sense that you have a siphon right. Here or in terms of bodily response is your smell yeah pillars of power does it there's power when you're breathing in the sense of victory or the scent of playfulness or whatever there's a reason for that the moment we imagine things coming in on those modalities the cortex has activate and all the responses as if it were actually physically here tangible activate.

But at that level of the nervous system there is no. Distinction between exterior and interior that comes. Later on at the different levels of the nervous system as we get them closer and closer to the neocortex everything human beings experience is filtered censored deleted distorted generalized you do not know what true reality is you are divorced from it at least the part of you that thinks is divorced from it the part of you that lives isn't. But nothing we as human beings do is in real-time think about that for a moment as fast as information comes in there is still a lag between when it comes in and when we become aware of it nothing we do is in real-time and yet we function perfectly right.

Just an idea gustatory sweet by the way sweet can you smell something sweet can you feel something sweet yeah a little tougher right. She was sweet to me was sweet sweet works leaves a bad taste in my mouth sweet smell of success there you go well that's that's more of a synesthesia all right. So let's let's be it. But the sweet smell is fine that would be more over here though huh picture bitter yeah bitter these are these are adjectives.

But you get the idea bitter taste in my mouth the taste of victory you know save it makes my mouth water tasty huh digest yeah. I guess we could go with that that would be more kin. I have more of a kinesthetic base for me you know and again depending on some of some of these. I've my personal belief is that the olfactory and the gustatory our branches of the kinaesthetic system that's my belief.

I have no. Way to prove that one way or the other. But. I noticed that those three tend to have a much stronger impact on the body and.

Then ultimately to the mind whereas the visuals and the auditories tend to be a little bit more cerebral to be a little bit more in the head that makes sense just my observation crunchy alright. So the drill is very very simple all you're going to do is you're gonna one modality at a time you're gonna break up and how many people we have in the room about fifteen nerves or protein excellent. So we can do it either in two groups of seven or we can do two groups of five and one group of four and it's and and what we're gonna do is we're gonna play past the. Rolo.

So you're getting you're gonna sit in your groups one person is just gonna start talking and they're gonna go through their little word salad list and when they've reached their saturation point they're gonna throw the. Rolo to somebody and it's his turn to just start riffing he's gonna riff for a couple of minutes in a particular modality throw the. Rolo to someone else and they get to pick up the thread where they left off in the same modality till everybody's gone around in one modality. Then you come back and do a different modality load right.

So everybody's done each of the five modalities. Then at the. Last set of drills all you're gonna do is he's gonna he's gonna pass the. Rolo not well apparently passed the.

Rolo. I'm gonna start. I might start visual. Then when.

I pass the. Rolo she gets to do auditory. Then she passes the. Rolo he gets to do kinesthetic and.

Then he passes the. Rolo and. Then we're back to the beginning right. And we just keep passing it until everybody has done all five.

But you pick up in the new modality from where the other person left off in the previous one that makes sense. So that's two sets of drills and you can work as fast or as slow as you want right. The. First couple of times you do word salad it's gonna be like juggling cats right.

It's like you're gonna be going off on tangents you in a. Third or fourth pass though if you stay with it you're going to find out all of a sudden your brain is starting to put things into a structure that actually makes kind of sort of sense right. It's just how your system does really adapt very very quickly this way if you play with it right. It's fun stuff it's good stuff and you're gonna find your overall sensory experience becoming much richer okay.

Plus you'll become more sensitized when other people lapse into certain words can we do this 20 minutes go.
