Title: Money Magnet Mastery How to Use the Law of Attraction To Create Abundance - Psychology of Value
File Name: EuyFwBw2gJg.txt
Video Id: EuyFwBw2gJg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuyFwBw2gJg

Hey. Bonnie come on in oh my gosh they're. I think we may need to have them turn up the air conditioning okay. Well.

First of all let me just say uh welcome to. NLP power. NLP today my name is. David.

Snider. AK. David vanar depending on which part of which website of mine you come across it was a horrible branding accident gone gone terribly wrong. I want to welcome everybody to today's topic which is me itic or money magnet.

Mastery how to tap in to the. Law of. Attraction eliminate your limiting beliefs and get money flowing into your life by your standards and definitions the way you want it right. Away now one of the things.

I should let you know about is. I am actually simoc casting this through instant teles seminar. So there will be a actual. U teles seminar call recording available of this me up there will also be a video which.

I haven't decided whether or not. I'm going to release. I will decide that after. I review the quality of it.

But um for anybody who who's here tonight. I will give you a copy of that call for fruit it's yours just for coming out it's my way of tithing to you which is something that we're going to talk about when we talk about becoming magnetic to money we have to think about several things before we get into drills and by the way one of the things that that u i really couple of ground rules. I don't care if you've been in this field in the hypnosis field the. NLP field for 20 years or 20 minutes all.

I really care about is that you have a sincere desire to come and learn have a good attitude want to do the drills get the skills and have a good time. I started these meetups because. I just love to do cool stuff anybody here like to do cool stuff raise your hands you like to do cool stuff anybody here like to hang out with cool people who like to do the same cool stuff you do raise your hands all right. Look.

Around because you're in a room full of friends all right. When. I. First started this.

I had no. Intention of ever conducting any full-blown trainings. I had no. Intention of ever certifying people in anything it was something.

I wanted to do for me. I used to run one of the largest. NLP and hypnosis practice organizations in the world some of you may have heard of. The.

Sleepwalkers the some ulistic. Sleepwalkers. Sleepwalkers. International we had chapters in probably 30.

States and at least five or six countries we were the world's largest free hypnosis and. NLP. Practice. Group we were a worldwide network of cool people getting together to practice and do cool stuff why did we do that well one of the reasons was we all had trainings we're all interested in all these cool things we came out of the trainings with these cool certificates and couldn't do a damn thing anybody ever had that experience to come out of a training all of a sudden you feel like okay.

I have the certification. But. I don't know what. I'm supposed to be doing.

I don't know how to do it. I feel like everybody knows more than me how do. I get my handle on this okay. The rest of you are lying.

I get it it's okay. Nobody wants to admit that. But that's the way it is otherwise you wouldn't be here okay. But that's how we got started and from there the world changed we really did change the world and when.

I decided to come out of moth balls. I decided we're going to take that same spirit and we're going to build an even powerful stronger. Community creating the abilities for you guys to go out in the world and get what you want by your standards and definitions. I don't care what it is you want my job is to give you the tools to help you go out and get it would that be cool sure okay.

So let's talk about what the heck is money what is money time and energy and energy you use a different color. I don't have my green marker. So um we're going to do a lot of drills today. So if if.

U by the way how many people have some experience with hypnosis raise your hands okay. How many people obiously no. Experience with hypnosis whatsoever cool. I got great news you're all going to learn hypnosis today and you know what it's going to be.

So easy you won't even realize you're doing it okay. There's a lot of myth that hypnosis is hard it's not it's one of the easiest things you can do and we're going to give you a very simple four-stage process tell them to do this test it tell them to do this test it tell them to do this test it tell them to do this test it by the time you hit the fourth step they're done they're in they're in trance and they're ready for whatever process you want to run through and it's not about belief it's about giving them a simple clear instruction testing to see if they've done it and moving on to the. Next step that's it has nothing to do with you has nothing to do with them except their willingness and ability to follow your instructions if you follow the instructions you will get the results does that make sense okay. Money time and energy.

I used to think that too exchange of value what's money and it's a symbol an exchange of value perceived value symbol exchange of value okay. What's money. Bonnie it's it's like a bartering bartering exchange bartering and exchange what's money dollars and cents dollars and cents okay. What's money point system point system.

I like that are you winning the game or not hey. Victor what's money it means to purchase. Goods means to purchase what's money. I do did time and energy what's money.

I know you're wealthy. So how can you tell security and security by the way when it comes to money there are 10 different money type personalities each one has its own unique characteristic and way of moving through the world none of which are wrong okay. Yes. Sir freedom freedom o.

I like that one okay. Ryan what's money uh. I kind of think of it as like energy like life force energy life force far like the. Primal response to is somebody wanting to get in here not being able to get in is that what this is about.

I think it's. Mark don't don't tell not to go in the open door hi what's your name. Betty. Betty oh.

Betty. Flint right. Yes. Yes.

I remember you what's money what. I don't have you don't have well that's honest what's money is energy exchange energy exchange see a lot of metaphysical people in here good bod what's money energy energy. Med of exchange okay. I'm seeing a lot of young lady back here all the way in the back what's oh what's money.

I one of energy okay. All right. I think we know where this is going. Mark what's money it's representation of value that allows you to get goods and services oh.

I like that word value we're going to talk a lot about value today why because you have to have a certain mindset if you want to be a money magnet if you want to be the kind of person that actually attracts money into your life there's a certain mindset that you you need to embrace okay. James what's money transferable. IOU a transferable. IOU all right.

Let's talk about um money is what. I spent to get here today yes. It did you invested to get here today true because let me tell you. I'm going to give you.

I'm going to here's my commitment to you anybody who knows me knows that when asking me a question is like trying to sip from a fire hose okay. Because before you know it this torent of information comes out and you're not sure what parts you're supposed to get trust your unconscious mind to pull out the parts that are most relevant to you at this time each and every time you go through that audio or you watch this video the parts you need. Next will naturally come into your awareness in such a way that you can begin to assimilate it and use it automatically to move yourself further along towards your goals would that be cool okay. Now let's talk about value you have two kinds of value that you have to deal with you have intrinsic value or.

I call the big. V you have little or little value for um which is basically um the value of the service and transformation you provide and there's actually a formula. I derived while. I was thinking about this stuff today there's actually a formula most people when they talk about um money they're thinking about time for effort time for for money for time money for energy okay.

The intrinsic value that you have is based on your identity on your self-esteem it's how you see yourself. John asra who's a a colleague of mine. I wouldn't say we're friends. But we hang around in the same circles and we have dinner on from time to time he likes to say no.

Matter how hard you try no. Matter how many classes and trainings you go to you will never outperform or out earn your level of self-worth and self-esteem. I found that to be true you can find examples of that everywhere you go okay. People win people win the lottery 6 months.

Later they're broke and not only they broke they had a nervous breakdown why because the external reality didn't match the internal one if you get something that in your own sense of. Mind and. Body you don't feel you deserve or is right. For you you will find a way to negate it or lose it period end of story okay.

Um yes. Sir do you have a question you just scratching okay. Good. So it's getting a little warm is okay.

If. I take this off all right. So we're going to go through um a couple of. Q&A periods today mostly because the better the questions.

I get the better the information. I can give you okay. But my goal is that you see you never one of you when you came here today you had something in your life that you really wanted now maybe it was money maybe. But.

I'm willing to bet that it was actually something that money would get you would that be true okay. In the marketplace which is how we primarily derive our income our money our value is determined by the transformation that we offer people times the reach we have times the value that we are willing to accept for it understand that that is deservingness will you be able to repeat that slowly one more time yes. I can when we come understand that when we talk about. Big.

Value we're talking about your identity or self-esteem that's a much deeper level of change work than we can go into tonight. But understand that it is a factor. I do have an entire program dedicated to changing this and it's amazingly powerful we'll have some people will stand up and talk to you about it. I'm not going to offer it to you today.

I'm just telling you that we do do this. But that's not where we're going today does that make sense we're going to talk about this because if you can change this you can change everything. But you have to understand these components the value that you offer you bring to the world outside of your intrinsic value is determined by the transformation that you offer that you provide what is the thing that you give to people that is your your specific goal your your your gift to the world does that make sense times the reach the number of people that you can. Expose and reach with your gift times the value that you are willing to accept and it's the.

Max and it's the maximum value or minimum value you're willing to accept usually we we live in a world of minimums the universe gives us the exact minimum of what we ask for most of the time if certain pieces aren't in place does that make sense now this. Meetup is for you if you've ever tried to use a law of attraction that didn't quite work the way they said it would anybody ever have that experience everybody's here because the. Law of. Attraction works exactly the way they said it would you're.

Liars you wouldn't be here all right. Now that's that's the. First half of the equation okay. The.

Second half is you have to divide that by the number of people who a recognize what you have to provide times the pain that they're in times the perceived value of what they think what they what you have to offer yes. Would you give an example of that sure. I. I meet a lot of people who like for instance um back when a lot of people come out of hypnosis training.

I'll start there they'll invest they'll invest 12,200 three ,000 $2,000 to get certified as a hypnotist and they get out with their certificate and they know how to hypnotize people. But they won't invest the same $1,200 to learn how to go out and build and. Market their business okay. Because there's a disconnect somewhere between the the ability to do the work and the ability to reach people this is where we have the problem it's not that we don't understand understand the value of the transformation that we're offering it's that we don't follow the other two components usually this is the one that's missing is the reach we don't know how to go get the business we're not willing to go get the business we're not willing to get the information to go get the business okay.

And. Then of course once you reach those people your ability to generate value once again has nothing to do at this point anymore with the transformation you provide it's their ability to recognize that you have the transformation they're looking for the depth of the suffering they're in which is how all human beings tend to make change we don't make change until we perceive some level of discomfort some difference between where we are and where we want to be period times the perceived value of what you have to offer this goes to their self-esteem are do they feel that they are worth the change these are very important because this is where the marketers get you okay. This is where the marketers get you they keep pressing that pain button until you're in. So much pain you'll do whatever they say okay.

Then they give you one little you know little nice little picture for you and you just go rocketing forward. But they hit that pain button. First. So the key is remember that everybody who comes to your for your your transformation has a need they have a desire if they're not buying your service or you're getting less than what it's worth it's here it's this equation are they perceiving does the pain they're in and their ability to recognize what you're offering matching what you're how you're presenting it okay.

Does that make sense okay. Yes. Could you uh. I don't want to elaborate too much on this because we.

W won't get into the drills. But yeah can you give a little more than the difference between the recognition of yeah that proceed. So perceive. Valu is perceive value of themsel perceive value of the transformation you have to offer how many of you have ever gone to a self-help seminar or uh one of these.

So-Cal pitch fests right. And they're talking about all these cool things that their clients have done and how they're how they've helped people do this that and the other thing and you're excited about it you're ready to do it. Then they roll out the price and you go running the other way what you have there on a surface level is oh he's just trying to get my money how many people have that feeling which and. I.

I've been there too man trust me most the most traumatic day of my life was the day. I pointed up $118,000 for a mastermind that. I didn't have okay. You want to talk about nervous breakdowns bike it in you name it.

I went through it. But what happens is what they're really saying no. To is themselves they're saying didn't know because the. Gap they know they they recognize what they want they recognize this could get them where they want to be.

But there's a part of them that's saying no. We're not worth that we could which. But which side is it is it the sales side the person that's putting it out there it could be that's not giving them enough it depends it goes back. I'm going to very good question goes back to when.

I started. I talked about mindset right. There's two ways that you will generate money in the world one. I.

I would and the one. I. I. I embrace is one.

I call service versus selling when you go to a lot of these seminars they're going to paint very dramatic pictures of the pain the people were in think infomercial pain pleasure pain pleasure they're going to vacillate you back and forth until you just rush for for the solution okay. And they're going to they're going to say it's. G to go it'll be gone. Next week it'll be okay.

Here's the weird part about that whether you're coming from service or selling a lot of the processes are the same. But the mindset makes all the difference in the world and here's what. I mean when. I'm selling.

I'm thinking about how can. I get the money in your wallets into mine that's what. I'm thinking about okay. When.

I'm thinking about selling. I'm thinking about how many buying units which is by the way how the people in the speaking industry refer to you you're buying units you're not people you're buying units okay. Uh if you ever want to read a really great expose on the self-help industry read a book. Called sham.

I don't remember the. I don't remember the author. But if you just type sh go to. Amazon and type in sham according to.

Dan. Kennedy he got it about 80% right. The guy in the book. Okay.

But a lot of this is is about how to get you excited get you through certain states to get you to make a decision guess what from a service perspective we're going to do the same thing. But the difference is when you come from a service perspective how can. I help the people that need my help and give it to them in such a way that they can grow with it okay. And what happens is when you come from that place that place of service you start focusing on giving instead of taking when you come from a place of giving from service of what can what value can.

I offer the people they get excited they get empowered and they'll naturally want more now if there's also one of the differences that comes in between serving the serving mindset and the selling mindset is the difference between tension what. Maya. Mentor. Lisa satvic some of you may have heard of what they call buying tension and and pressure buying tension is that subtle background urging that says oh.

I want this oh. I want this it's like you feel that that pull whereas buy pressure is you must buy it today it's going to be gone in 10 minutes you'll miss out on all this it's a very scarcity driven if you don't act now you're going to lose that's pressure does that make sense you are here because your job is to help people you have to help them with the transformation that you provide and you must help them with their ability to make the decision either to or not to work with you that's it in the system. I work with we call that committed. But not attached in some of the old magical systems they would call they would call this approach this selling take take take pressure pressure pressure lust for results what what lust for results oh yeah when making the sale is more important to you than serving the person in front of you and making sure that what you have to offer is a fit for them now you're selling does that make sense if you know that what you have is a fit for them and they don't know it yet you have to find out how to get them to realize if it's a fit for them or not and give them the autonomy to make the decision we'll talk a lot about autonomy when it comes to the taking action part of tonight because it's not just about programming your future it's not about living just not about limiting your beliefs or removing limiting beliefs it's about learning how to get in the game how to take action how to start asking for the for the the money you need in order to help the people the way you need it because that's what it comes down to if they're not willing willing to do their part you can't help them you see the difference in the mindset is it is it obvious and trust me how many people here are in a a service or healing based profession and hate to ask for the money you'll get over that after a while okay.

If you understand this and the. First time you ask for a lot more than you used to asking for and you get it. Quantum. Leap the value the minimum value you're willing to accept do you know how many people spend tens of thousands of dollars to learn.

NLP and uh. Master. PRACK practitioner trainer and are still treating clients for $100 an hour why do you realize how desperate people are for what you have if you're in a sales profession if you just make this one switch and you talk to people from this place how can. I make sure that what you need is what.

I can give you yes. And don't you still have to go into circles with equal amount of self-esteem where the person also will is willing to perceive that same value yes. Okay. And there's a little flaw that.

I'm thinking because all money is a matter of zeros is it. So. I'm yeah. I'm worrying about paying my mortgage at whatever you know $400,000 house and somebody else is worrying about paying their mortgage at for a $1.4 million house we the same people the the same thing we each have a house it's all it is it's a matter of zero.

So if. I want to go in those circles where those people have that self-image of $1.4 million house. Then. I could ask for and believe and perceive 350 an hour instead of 100 here's my question do you really believe it believe that you have this no.

I don't that's right. Here that's exactly my point remember. I talked about um we talked about. Big.

Value little value there's two kinds of beliefs that you have beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't okay. I'm going to run you through a very cool process very very very soon that will actually help to start removing a lot of that stuff it's very very cool okay. Remember. I only have a couple of hours.

So. I have to go fast and. I have to just hit the key points make sense okay. But.

I just want you to understand this value this is something that just came to me kind of like an inspiration it's like wait a minute what people are always trading time for money and and they don't they're afraid to ask for the money why are they afraid to ask for the money it's because they don't think they're worth it and. I could get into a whole bunch of stuff. But um let me just move move on with this okay. First thing we're going to do did.

I answer enough questions about this part everybody okay. With that okay. Great thank you um all right. So if we've ever had a challenge where we had something really cool we wanted to do and we got off to a great start and we just kind of pet it off usually goes back to a self-esteem or self value issue okay.

What we want to do now though is we want to focus on what do we want by the way this this part of this comes from a a program called money magnet which was created by a guy named. Tom bazini give him full credit for that although it's not exactly what he does it's kind of. David's synthesis. I always take.

I never give take credit for the source. I take credit for the synthesis. So what you're seeing is the world according to. David do you deserve to have it by the way if you when you when we go through this process and we ask do.

I deserve to have it there's only two possible answers isn't there yes. And what no. What if you get that oh pardon my friend you have two choices this is called a decision tree follow any kind of like medical studies or or medical process this is a decision tree. I either.

I either fix what needs to be fixed this is. So cool. I can still get it if. I don't deserve it want to know how tithe it what that tithing tithe it now this is not the tithing you're used to one of the reasons a lot of times tithing doesn't work what.

I call the apples for. Orange's principle it's one of the reasons why also you have to be very careful with barter people think if. I give something. I'll get something else people like to trade time for money not a good idea.

I. I'm a certified chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist. I'm a raiki master. I do.

Huna. I do hermetic magic. I do a lot of very esoteric energy healing disciplines. I'm also a licensed acupuncturist certified hypnotist neuralis programmer uh don't do windows.

But uh. I also am a certified feta healer. I'm also an eighth degree black belt yuk now and in. Japanese martial arts okay.

I know a little bit about this stuff um. I just completely lost my thought. I. TI thank you most people when they try to you got to got to watch out the the the reason.

I went into the whole pric healing thing is you have a question. Josh what is it you just this is weird because. I'm that's why. I can't here like the window thing me and my little brothers are kind of in a spot where we're going to inherit a window business.

Windows that's called synchronicity that's just all right. TI the real law of tithing works exactly like this if you do this this way two things you have to understand about tithing mindset and apples for apples oranges for oranges you cannot get apples and expect to get oranges now this is a spiritual level in order to really manifest you have to be congruent on all three levels spiritual mental physical okay. I'm not saying you can't make money without being extremely phys spiritual usually if you have a really big strong. Basse chakra you're going to be drawing in money left and right.

It's just you're pretty territorial about it okay. But here's the thing you must give what you want to receive as precisely as you can that's one way to get something you may not deserve here's how you gauge how much to give how much it hurts here's what. I mean the only way that you're from a tithing perspective. I tell my my.

Mastermind students get comfortable being uncomfortable there's there's this little bubble that we all move through the world in inside that bubble life is hafe and happy we're we're content the minute we step outside the bubble we start to get tense we start to get nervous and we start to get a little fearful the biggest problem especially when you go to lot these self-help seminars your bubble is here what they want you to go for is all the way out here it's too big a leap for most of us. So. I created this concept we call bucket listing bucket listing is just taking that distance and parsing it down and just making it a little bit uncomfortable and a little bit uncomfortable and a little bit uncomfortable that's doable for most people okay. If you look.

At a lot of the way. I structure a lot of my programs that's exactly what. I do okay. A lot of that had as much to do with my internal beliefs as it did with the strategy behind it.

But how does this work the more you're willing to go outside of your comfort zone to invest scarce resources the more powerful the message you send to your own conscious mind that you deserve it the only way the conscious mind changes is through the perception of effort there's two ways it perceives effort action or slem motion and repetition of those components the most powerful one is action the more action you take the more powerfully your self-concept and self-identity changes what was the component action and emotion. I'm sorry emotion and uh action and emotion and repetition okay. So. David yes.

Sir are you saying that there are different things in a sense is action like you can think of effort as being action or being emotional intensity okay. Remember the unconscious mind can't tell a difference a lot. But that's one of the. But the other thing is if you did nothing.

But understand this the missing component in the law of attraction is action big time period and the story that's why the. Law of. Attraction does not work for a lot of people. I was on a forum the other day and.

I. I couldn't believe what. I was reading because it was just. So perfect it was.

I won't. I won't mention the name of the. Forum. But the guy was talking about you know.

I've tried you know doing this. Law of. Attraction over and over again and every time. I do it there's this little voice inside my head that says.

I'm lying to myself because you are because. I'm not. I'm waiting for something to happen and nothing does nothing will happen until you take action that's the hardest part we can create all these wonderful. Daydreams and fantasies in our own head.

But until we actually start taking some form of action does not have to be big in fact the more advanc this is really what what this whole. Law of. Attraction concept is derived from the whole concept is when you're. First learning this your actions do have to be big they have to be committed they have to be dedicated as you get used to this process the scope of the action that you take to start manifesting faster becomes smaller and smaller and smaller that's how it works okay.

Um. But there's another way this is another kind of tithing that nobody talks about help other people get what they what you want here's a cool thing if we dialogue with our unconscious mind and we say do. I deserve to have this and you hear no. A lot of times it'll really say it'll block you especially if it knows your game your tricks that's one of the reasons that's call it hypnotist disease a lot of hypnotist start to develop this this belief that they can do hypnosis and.

NLP and change work on other people. But it won't work on them because they know their own tricks and they did categorize hypnotist into one of two people either they don't know as much as. I do. Therefore they're not good enough to change me or or.

I know what he's doing. So. I'm going to. Res.

I'm not going to let it happen that's hypnotist disease that's why a lot ofn not just stay stuck make sense. But if there is somebody like say you want to you want to add more money to your bottom line again you don't have to do it this way this is your choice this is just another way that. I've learned to one of my mentor guy named. John lad who's made more money than than.

McDonald sells hamburgers selling really bad stuff and when. I mean bad. I don't mean in terms of the information. I mean in terms of like he stuck a a a beta.

Max on a tripod in the back of his living room and talked to it for an hour and didn't bother to edit it before he sold it okay. Information's pure gold. But the video the quality of it is okay. But here's what he's telling us and what proven if you're having a block in your life this is cool for you guys who in the healing professions if you're having a block in your life help somebody else who has the same.

Block in their life when you do that a you see the problem from a different perspective by proxy you're helping to heal yourself too because many times we can't see our own block. But going through the process with somebody else opens that up for us okay. So what we're going to do is. I'm going to lead you through that's the.

Third question our. Third question is am. I capable of getting it can you reward it differently like help people get solutions to your own problems in other words help people get the change in their life that you want in yours right. That's what.

I mean like helping people get the solutions. So your own problem yeah find somebody who has the same exact problem you are or you do help them solve it and. Then keep helping people solve it until point is that the focus is on the other person you coming up here's the thing you don't you can you don't. I think altruism is a myth okay.

I'll this is the world according to. David altruism is a myth perpetuated by people who want your money okay. When is the. Last time a poor person gave you money what a poor person never gave you money oh you're no.

Good to the world poor you all have gifts you all have talents and abilities and you deserve to be paid for that to be compensated for the value and the transformation you bring to the world why aren't you asking for it that's why. However this is one of those ways that you can kind of bypass that process or or. I. I don't want to say bypass it.

But fix it by helping people get the change that you want that make sense you are no. Good to the world broke. So there's an old. Buddhist saying and.

I change the wording around a little bit because once again their religious organizations asking for money says the half for here and half for yourself wrong in the word according dily live half for yourself and half for others you have the right. To have your needs men okay. There's an old cabalistic saying if. I have a let me use uh can.

I use you just real quick it's a real quick demo it's not even to put you in trans it's just one let what's your name again. Elizabeth. Elizabeth. I'm.

David it's a pleasure. I think we met at the was okay. Maybe that was somebody else. Then all right.

So let's say these are candles right. And. I have two candles let say. I have one candle and it's got a nice bright.

Light on it okay. And. I give her my candle how much light do. I have left say none it's not question.

But let's say that she has a candle maybe it's not wet. But. I have a candle this lit you know. I light her candle.

I show her how to light her candle now we both have light thank you simple demonstration. But it's important on a number of levels goes back to the mindset service versus selling if. I show people how to get the transformation. I'm helping them light their.

C. I'm showing them the difference between desire to receive for the sake for the self alone versus desire to receive for the sake of sharing by the way um there's some really really key words in the self-help industry you ever caught yourself saying. I only want money. So.

I can help other people anybody anybody ever hears not him he's like no. Get to the bottom line dude. I can tell the businessman. I pay 15 bucks for this.

I do okay. Here's the deal when your needs are met you can give more you feel better about giving more you're not worried about your rent you're not worried about the car payment you're not worried about the overhead. So you can give and feel good about it if somebody does not see the value in what you're offering it's not about you it's never about you once you once you've taken care of that it's never about you it's about them if what you have is a fit and they don't see it that's okay. Be committed to them deciding are they for it or are they not your commitment is to them making a decision not to what that decision is you understand the difference.

But a lot of times when it comes to like especially when we're just starting our business we start thinking about clients like we do dates here's what. I mean guy goes out to to a club he sees this really hot girl maybe she's this really hot guy and he's getting ready to go up to her and you start think okay. This if this one likes me man. I know.

I'm acceptable and. I'm loved by every other woman on the planet. I know. I'm worthy and they walk up with that mindset and all of a sudden their entire dating career is based on the decision of this one person in front of them sales people do the same thing they start to approach a client they get to the part of the clothes and all the reasons of oh if.

I make this sale. I'm going to have. So much oh if they say no. I'm going to be screwed for the rest of the week how.

I going to recover right. Yes. I was door sales. I know trust me on this one okay.

It's not about that if you can take that out of the equation you can add you can off offer them that's the other thing about serving we don't sell anyone we offer them the opportunity to get the transformation they say they want. I'm leaving the technical side of it out. But. I'm telling you this is mindset if you want to make more money in your business if you want to make more have some more success in your professional dating life think about what are you offering these people people hate to be sold.

But they love to buy they love to buy give them the opportunity to buy. But don't be don't don't attach your self worth to whether they decide to buy or not when you put that decision in their hands you're giving them the freedom to say no. Which is okay. Because somebody else will fill that space okay.

So um am. I going with this. Last thing you need to ask yourself are you capable of getting it do you have the skill sets you need to get the change you want usually that's yes. Of all the areas.

I see where people get screwed up it's not their abilities it's their willingness and desire to actually apply it and. Then ask for the compensation to get it okay. So this is what we're going to do. First we're going to break up into actually you know what what time is it screw it put your papers down.

I'm going to do it for you. I'm going to give you four simple instructions all you have uncross your legs put your hands in your lap. First everybody stand up does anybody need to go to the restroom if you need to go go now come back in 5 minutes we'll get started.
