Title: Eym101s2z-U.txt
Video Id: Eym101s2z-U
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eym101s2z-U

But getting back to this whole law of attraction. I get a lot of this stuff every single day and the problem. I have with most people out there teaching the law of attraction and it came back to one word that someone in the audience already said practical techniques okay. The problem is is that a we don't have a lot of practical techniques people spend a lot of time telling you what to do.

But not. So much how to do it right. And. Then they use words like believe anytime you hear somebody saying well you just got to believe run screaming run screaming from the room because belief is horseshit what how does that work by the way uh.

I shall give you my disclaimer real quick if foul language profanity or. Politically. Incorrect terminology offends you you should leave now. I don't have time for.

BS. I'm going to tell you the way it is if it resonates with you something. I say uh is something you feel you can use by all means use it if it doesn't. Rush with you if it doesn't work for you find somebody stuff who does right.

I'll give you my pedigree in a moment. But. I just want to you know kind of rant a little bit about this. Law of.

Attraction stuff because that's what everybody's here for tonight right. Um and actually that's not why you're here. But that's why you think you're here and that's good enough okay. Um because the law of attraction isn't specific enough for us we need to know what we want and we need to know how to program into our nervous system what we want okay.

But this word that keeps coming up all the time is belief and the problem with that is is that how many people here every time they say. I believe something there's this little part of them that says right. And maybe it's not a voice maybe there's a little icky feeling you get in your body true not true okay. How many people believe they can earn one million dollars okay.

When you say it verbalize it and notice what happens to the feelings in your body right. Now how many people just got a. Mickey feeling how many people lying right. Now here's what usually happens is there's this really excited elated feeling and.

Then in the background there's this little nagging annoying little employees it may be a voice it may be just a little like subtle yuck feeling sometimes there's a little pull anybody experiencing those things congratulations you've just learned about beliefs you have two sets you have beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't know about now the problem is if you have to believe one way. But your body is believing another well guess what you ever try to go two directions at once you wind up pre-stuck right. So a lot of the problem that we have isn't that the. Law of.

Attraction doesn't work is that we don't understand what people actually mean when we start talking about beliefs and we don't even and what's worse is we don't understand how to find a we don't know we have being a technical term mind you secret hypnotic influence techniques. I'm gonna get a lot of those tonight by the way um. I hope you guys like to have fun because that's the only way you're going to be able to make the. Law of.

Attraction work and people like to feel good for no. Reason all right. How do people like to feel good for a reason how did he'll just like to feel good we're getting there all right. All right.

Um it is our official start time. So. I'm gonna end my rant at this point in. Junction.

I'm going to give you my pedigree. I'm going to officially welcome you to an uh. NLP power slash all things. San.

Diego tonight's topic is secrets of personal transformation. Laws of. Attraction um tonight we're going to focus specifically on. David's approach to world according to.

David as we like to say on how we manifest how do we develop and create a nervous system that can't actually set and. Achieve goals or if you're not into goals create a. Direction in your life that draws things into you okay. Um my particular pedigree and and approach to the.

Law of. Attraction. May match yours you may see areas where there's definite confirmation of what you already know and believe. But you may see you may experience some places where we kind of go off of the beaten path a little bit here's the thing.

I want you to get you don't have to believe anything. I'm telling you you just have to have fun be playful follow the instructions and do it okay. The only thing you need to do is remember what it was like to be a little kid how many people here have ever been a little kid oh goody goody goody how many people when you were a little kid played pretend okay. Now there's always some smart guy in the back there going no.

I didn't play pretend. I did mathematical calculations. I played with computational models right. Here's the secret everything you're going to work with whether it's meditation self-hypnosis.

NLP. Law of. Attraction energetics all have one thing in common. Altered.

States. Of. Consciousness if you can't alter your. State of.

Consciousness you can't change the vibrational frequency at which you vibrate if you can't change the frequency at which you vibrate you can't access the law of attraction because that's what it is is it not. I'll have a try how many people here have a definition for the. Law of. Attraction what's your definition sir whatever you think about and put an energy into is what tends to come towards you what's your definition of the.

Law of. Attraction ditto ditto okay. How about you anybody have anything different what do you think what you think you become okay. Anything else this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test okay. True enough to be true here's the problem again going back to that whole idea of beliefs. The.

Law of. Attraction as. I understand it you said you were not coming you lied to me okay. The.

Prodigal daughter returned just like we talked about beliefs a few moments ago you have two kinds of beliefs beliefs you consciously know about and beliefs you unconsciously know about. The. Law of. Attraction the way most people teach it to you which is why it doesn't work is they tell you you will attract things into your life that are in harmony that are the same vibrational rate and frequency has your dominant thoughts that's the problem what the hell are your dominant thoughts do you know because if you think the dominant thoughts your dominant thoughts are the ones you're having right.

Now your dominant thoughts are the beliefs and the feelings and the experiences that are playing automatically below the threshold of conscious awareness all the freaking time okay. The beliefs held at the unconscious level those are your dominant thoughts everything you're consciously aware of is filtered deleted and distorted and really really massaged to conform to the beliefs you have below the threshold of your conscious mind everything that we see everything that we hear everything that we smell that we taste that we feel is an interpretation now that's got all there's a lot of meat there okay. We're not going to get too deep into it. But.

I want you to understand that the reality you think you live in isn't real it's a movie in 3D that your nervous system has created literally we live in a universe that is nothing. But vibration and frequency okay. There's an old saying for those of you who are into. Buddhism or anything like that if a tree falls in the woods and there's nobody there to hear it does it make any sound anybody have an answer yeah.

I believe. So because there's a way for a close enough to experience it that's somebody trying desperately not to be wrong the answer is no. Okay. I'll go with that except.

I've never seen a tree with ears the trick is in the languaging does it make any sound you can't hear what you can't feel sound as we experience it is an interpretation of a vibration that's all it is. So when a tree falls in the woods does it create movement does it create vibration yes. But does it create any sound if there's no. One there to hear it interpretation of vibrational information that has come in through one of your five senses.

It. Is parsed by your nervous system and. Then it's reconstructed into something we can understand we call it sound if you ever heard me sing in the shower you'd wonder why. I haven't got any pleasure that he does it may.

So in a nutshell this is your face this is my own this is my. Homer. Simpson face all right. You have ears you have a nose you have a mouth you have eyes.

Right. Vibration comes in vibration comes in and. Then the different parts of your brain create a visual representation keyword representation it creates an auditory representation gustatory olfactory kinesthetic and. Then it puts it all together into a really cool movie.

But before it becomes this is this is all before you become conscious of it now once all that information is accumulated it goes through a. Second set of filters your values your history your beliefs your meta programs to use. NLP speak. I'm at a program for our intents and purposes is what your nervous system uses to give priority to certain types of information we'll talk about those.

Later okay. Real easy way to kind of understand all of this stuff is this is the way the world is got it this is the way we think it should be. So raw data goes through all these filters and. Then onto the screen in your mind a movie gets played and as information that has been massaged removed generalized to conform to conform with this and.

So you only see you only hear you only feel you only taste and you only smell what was already there to begin with that's how it works. So we think we know what reality is we don't. But. Then the question comes okay.

Well if that's how it works what do we do about it well the best part is is you're walking around in the world's most powerful information processing system ever time by the way is also a filter everybody talks about manifesting. But you hear physicists say that everything has ever been everything that ever will be everything that ever could possibly be is already here. But where the hell is it it's here it's outside of your awareness because you're not tuned to it it doesn't match your frequency the way you change your frequency is to change these when you change these you fine-tune the instrument and you tap in to information that was already there you tap into events situation circumstances that move you in a different direction because they already exist you just gotta find the off-ramp does that make sense. But again how do we do this how do we even begin this process.

I'm going to give it to you it's called point-and-click therapy point to where you feel it nobody is in this room even whether it's something you want to get rid of something you want to get more of nobody's in this room because of a voice in their head although you have them and if you keep wondering about voices in your head it's the voice that just said what voice nobody's here because of a picture in their head although you have them. But. I guarantee you every single one of you is here because when that picture appears or when that voice speaks there's a feeling in your body you want to get rid of or you want to change in some way would that be true yes. That's the secret ladies and gentlemen the.

Majesty the magic of the system is that if you can point to where you feel it you can change it because you're already walking around the world's largest holographic computer ever designed short of the universe itself you see the feelings in our body all right. You ever hear what a note is it's a physics term you guys know what a think of a big freaking. Crossroads or all these different on-ramps and off-ramps come together the feeling locations in your body is the node where all of this holographic vibrational data manifests when you get feelings in your body you have two kinds of feelings feelings you're conscious of and feelings you're unconscious of it's the feelings you're unconscious of that change your perceptual filters how many people have ever seen a show called lie to me if you have it go out and run every every season okay. That show started.

Tim. Roth who got progressively more psychotic as the series went on which is kind of. Tim. Roth's thing.

But it was based on this idea of emotions showing in body language emotions showing in voice tonality emotions manifesting unconsciously driving our bus now the consultant for that show is a man named. Paul. Ekman. Paul.

Ekman is the world's leading. Authority on emotions and facial recognition or facial cues body language uh the book. In in specific that you might want to reference is called emotions revealed how does body language even remotely relate to this perception and belief in hypnosis. I'll give you my pedigree in a minute.

I always forget yes. Paul. Paul. Ekman e k are you say key e-c-k-m-a-n if you go to.

Paul ekman.com he's got a whole bunch of stuff get everything start with telling lies and emotions revealed they're the most user-friendly everything else after that gets really technical okay. But he was the consultant for the show lie to me and there's a lot of good science there. But in his book. Emotions revealed.

Dr. Ekman really reveals or uncovers a phenomena within the human nervous system known as the emotional refractory period the emotional refractory period is a behavior that your nervous system does how many people here have ever been really pissed off okay. Look. At her when you do that because that one everybody say hello to.

Teresa she's our brand new assistant hi. Teresa and my lovely office manager and uh goddess of all things administrative candy. Fogerty. Manning the camera back there yeah.

I couldn't tie my shoes without candy it means. I had to pay her more okay. Um. So you ever been in an argument with somebody you ever had the wonderful sensation of being in an argument somebody you have this knock down drag out fight you resolve your issues and.

Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes. Later everything you say pisses them off again ever have that happen why does that happen it's because when your body goes through an emotional shift it's like a little life form it's called the emotional refractory period and what happens is your perceptual filters the way you make sense of the world changes the priority of information that you give to yourself changes. So that you only focus on the aspects of the environment the interaction or the context that reinforce or re-trigger the state you're already in.

So if you get pissed off at somebody for as long as your refractory period lasts everything in your environment is biased your nervous system will only will give priority to the things that will cause you to get angry all over again or keep you angry okay. If you're happy same thing it's a cross-contextual filter to your perceptions your perceptions modulate your beliefs your beliefs modulate your perceptions it's a feedback loop. But it's all mediated by your emotions and your physical feelings you change how you feel you change what you reveal okay. It's that simple.

I could give you all the science and all that cool stuff. But screw that we'll just play and have fun right. All right. So questions on this everybody's like when you're in the emotional refractory period where you're becoming hyper focused on all the things that pertain to whatever got you emotionally charged is there anything that you can do to move because like you can cautiously think.

Consciousness won't help you it's going away. But it just your logical your logical rational brain won't help you in fact they'll burn up your willpower faster. But move your body yes. We're going to get into that we're gonna we're gonna talk about practical stuff in the world according to.

David if. I can't use it and. I can't use the. Next five minutes.

I don't have patience for it. I have rapid change personality disorder you haven't had much sleep or something like that. I know it has a big what you're referring to is willpower and the book. You want to reference for that information is called willpower by.

Roy. Baumeister yes. Sir how long does this occur it varies from person to person. But.

I would say around 10 to 20 minutes and the reason. I can say that is because. I do this weird martial art called kyusho jitsu which is the art of vital. Point attacking and striking and.

So. I know if. I walk over to. TJ and.

I bash him on his large intestine. Point here he's going to get a really big out she his nervous system is going to light up like a. Christmas tree and over the course of 20 minutes that nerve is gradually going to reset itself now here's the problem sometimes sometimes you get angry and we just keep getting angrier and we ever have that happen you ever wonder why uh for me anger and assertion are often. Inseparable okay.

And that's actually very common most people a lot of people can't assert until they get angry until they build up enough adrenaline to overrun or overcome that buffer that they have we'll show you how to fix that okay. We're going to try and cover as much again if this is the scope of everything we could play with. I'm gonna we have time for like this right. But.

I promise. I will take you as far as. I can in the time we have and. I'll show you where to go to get more if you want to follow it up okay.

We're gonna play with this is this is what's going on and there's not a lot without a lot of time learning. NLP and hypnotherapy that you're going to do to change a lot of this except for what. I'm going to teach you tonight at the end of the day remember if there's a. Feeling and you can point to it you can change it you don't have to believe it you just have to do it with three ingredients you gotta be playful you gotta be focused and you got to be absorbed like when you were a little kid playing pretend if you can do that you can make any change you want it's only a question of degree okay.

So um back to your question did. I answered whose question did. I not answer because. I was in the middle of answering one.

I got sidetracked with another one what was your question again tired yeah when we talk about willpower this whole idea of willpower it's a myth and and. I say that kind of out of this you know this with a smirk the reason that we sit you know in hypnosis. NLP we talk about this idea that we can't make people do things against their will well yeah you can because most people have no. Real willpower to speak of right.

It's more true that you can't make people do things they don't want to do right. Of course you can always find ways to make them want to do it too right. Now don't let that don't let that terrify you and think oh my. God they're all out to get me just everybody outside this room is out to get you.

I'm your friend. So um. But one of the things we need to understand is that one of the problems with willpower is that it's a finite resource you think of willpower and this idea of willpower is having actually a physical component that component being the equivalent of blood sugar glucose specifically and sleep just like you've gotta you know you may be driving around in a. Prius you may be driving around in a.

Humvee right. But you all have a gas tank and when the gas. Tank's empty there's nothing left right. Whenever we exert control over our emotions we burn up units of willpower we burn up the gas in the tank.

So as long as we're rested and well fed we have lots of willpower we can we have resources to do very complex intellectual thinking. Although our nervous system doesn't like it by the way that's why you tend to check out in boring lectures or intense calculus right. Because your brain has the same response to intense deep level uh analytical thinking as it does to pain the studies show this they took. A bunch of sophomores because they can't there's certain things they just can't get white rats to do no.

Matter how much beer you buy them you know what we just need to lighten the up everybody stand up it's time to get silly. I want you to look. Around the room notice how many people are here. I want you to walk over to somebody stick out your hands shake your hand look.

At me and go find somebody else they got your hand [Music] keep going get good at it damn it all right. [Music] when you're done have a seat product placement all right. Now. I've just proven what.

I just told you that you can in fact make people do something they don't want to do foreign you just have to set the context change the context you change the identity of the person change the identity of the person you change the behaviors and the results they generate you are not one person you are many okay. That's another tangent for another day um. I don't want to do this. But.

I have to my name is. David. Snyder in case you were wondering and my specialty. I'm a certified instructor.

Master practitioner and neuro-linguistic programming. I'm certified as a trainer in the system under the founder. Dr. Richard bandler.

I'm a certified. Master hypnotist and hypnosis trainer. I've authored over 15 different products on the fields of human influence ranging from conversational hypnosis hypnotherapy attraction and relationships. Advanced sexual skills you name it and it's in there somewhere it's like.

Ragu right. I'm also a licensed acupuncturist with a master's degree in acupuncture and. Oriental medicine. I'm a certified.

Reiki healer and master teacher. I've been a. Reiki master since before. Reiki was cool back in the 90s right.

I also study. Kabbalah. I've been studying. Kabbalah since the 90s as well before.

Madonna even heard of. Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna you'll get that in a minute.

I'm a certified chronic psychotherapist and chronic healer. Advanced. DNA. Theta healer.

I do many forms of. Qigong. I was at one time the president of the. American.

Association of remote viewing back in another life in. Florida and my specialty clinic. I run a clinic in. Solana.

Beach with my my lovely partner and wife. Dr. Don. Liu where.

I specialize in treating acute and chronic illness that has as its root repressed emotion. I don't you know. I don't get weight loss although we're starting to get some of those now. I got my.

First smoking cessation patient. I was happy about that she had one session stops not having smoke for three weeks. I'm happy about that you have a big round of applause hi. Sandra all right.

Um. But. I don't get the usual stuff. I get everything from tumors pain that comes out of nowhere and doesn't have any logical cause diseases of every kind people from all over the world come in because they're out of touch with this and the unconscious mind is desperately trying to send a message through the body.

But because there's all these different filters and firewalls in place they look. Everywhere. But inside until they've been to the doctor the chiropractor the acupuncturist the clergymen the psychologist the psychiatrist the iron and because they can't find which doctor in the phone book. They come to me right.

And. So the people who who most of the time come into my room have have been to everybody else. First and nothing has worked why they're looking in the wrong place and it's not that those there's something wrong with those disciplines they all work they all work the problem with a lot of them is that they're they come from a reductionist model of medicine they come from a reductionist model even the holistic ones come from a reductionist model of how this system works if you have a problem with your muscles you're going to go see a chiropractor or you're going to go see a massage therapist or between a person or whatever and they're going to fix that and you might get some kind of emotional fix there. But usually not if you have a tumor you're going to go see a chiropractor not a chiropractor.

But a a surgeon an allopath and they're going to use medicines right. And if they can't help you they're going to send you to the psychiatrist who's going to try and treat your brain because obviously if it's not met it's not physical it's nothing they can cut out or it keeps coming back it must be in your mind right. The problem is that all of these disciplines work. But they work in a very simple single modality even the holistic ones tend to focus on one or two areas right.

The challenge is that our nervous system isn't designed that way our nervous system is the world's most powerful complex and sophisticated holographic fractal information processing system that has ever existed which means it's designed to work synergistically with all of the parts of the nervous system working at the same time the more parts you remove from the equation the longer it takes and the harder you have to work does that make sense okay. We're going to play with that you're going to learn about it today you're going to have something you can actually go home and start knocking out because how many people have seen some of my. YouTube videos have you seen those if you haven't go to my. YouTube channel davidsnyder youtube.com and just start watching the secrets of personal transformation videos which are these meetups and you will see people changing like that some of you will change tonight like that.

I promise you if not all of you. But. I can always tell who will change and who won't because. I will ask you to do something.

I will give you instructions and a large projection of the room will go and they'll start doing. I'll say stand up and you'll stand up. I'll say point to where you feel it and they'll point to where they feel it. I say notice the color and they'll say oh there's a color there and take it out and hold it in your hands and the recipe will go okay.

Or they'll just. Conker down that's what's holding you back it's not how smart you are it's not how hypnotizable or suggestible you are the fact that you're a human being with a pulse and a nervous system and you had a childhood means you have everything you need to be successful you just have to wash rinse and repeat now there is a part of you that will try to keep you from changing that's called your conscious mind remember that little film. I showed you that once all this information comes in and. Then it's floated to the way the world's supposed to be that creates a filter known as your critical.

Factor and. So what it does is it's that little refractory period it's moving through the world looking for everything that matches what's already in there if it matches it lets the information in if it doesn't match it ignores it just like your emotional refractory period that's the loop it's the same behavior how do we change it we gotta bypass it or we got to turn it off or send it out for pizza or use it differently which is what we're going to do tonight you're actually going to use your conscious mind tonight within a process that allows it to become useful you're going to engage in what. Richard bandler likes to call. Superior thinking we're going to learn about you.

So. First thing we need to understand is the most powerful change engine in the universe is your is your body everybody stand up once again now how many people here can feel good for no. Friggin reason okay. How many people would like to feel ridiculously good on demand how many people here would like to never have anybody be able to push your buttons ever again would that be nice all right.

So another resource for you to check out power postures by. Amy. Cuddy. Ted.

Talk worth its weight in gold what. Amy discovered was that when you assume certain physiologies by the way. I've been teaching this since before 2005. Amy's a little bit.

Later that's okay. She actually had the budget to research it. I just been doing it your brain your physiology for all intents and purposes controls your psychology now. I know that's actually the inverse of what most of us are taught we're taught that our mind controls our body well only if your mind is trained most of you aren't okay.

When. I say when. I talk about this willpower thing unless you've engaged in some kind of very high level competitive sport or paramilitary training or something that where you are required to keep your head in high stress highly fluid. Dynamic environments you don't have a lot of willpower outside of certain parameters because the higher your level of neurological arousal the faster you burn up blood sugar the faster you lose willpower units.

However that's if you're trying to control your state which is what we're talking about now your psycho-emotional physical state if you try to control it through your willpower you're fighting a losing battle because as soon as the tank is empty it goes away as soon as a certain your nervous system reaches a certain level of arousal in any direction the critical factor is overrun it goes to. Maui and the unconscious mind takes over and your reptile brain or your limbic brain comes out and you default to pre-programmed hedonistic animal behaviors that's how it works. So even though willpower is important we pride ourselves on having willpower anybody here know who emu. Phillips is okay.

Emo. Phillips was a was a community who. Shone a little bit brightly. I think it was in the 80s and he had this one saying that.

I think was really cool he'd go you know. I used to think that the brain was the most amazing organ in the body and. Then. I realized look.

Who's telling me that it's true enough to be true you see you have three brains you have your reptile brain which is your paleocortex that's the one that's running the meat guys it's the oldest most powerful part of you okay. And it doesn't care about good or evil doesn't care about right. Or wrong it cares about can. I eat it can.

I mate with it or do. I need to kill it right. That's and with subtler distinctions. But that's pretty much it's the seat of your.

Primal drives which is the seed of every. Behavior you engage in. Then it wraps these emotions around it to get you to take action on. Then it creates a rationalization to justify acting on it it tweaks your reality it tweaks these to justify doing what you want to do with the deepest root of your body.

Anyway now our job here isn't to vilify any part of you our job here is to understand what each of these parts do. So we can manage them synergistically you are not going to get rid of your reptile brain okay. It's proven that it's going to. Last.

So you might as well make friends with it because when you do you have power real power when you fight against it when you vilify it when you make the enemy that's when she stand up young man when you vilified that's when you have problems okay. How does this all work it's about your body. So the. First thing we need to understand is your physiology for any psycho-emotional state that you have you have a physiology and a breathing posture that creates it.

So. I want you to think of a time in your life. I'm going to give you very specific parameters where you saw something you really wanted you had a real uh lusting feeling in there that you really just wanted it anybody have anybody not have the if not. I'll give you one okay.

Raise your hands nobody wants to admit that right. You don't have something you wanted you never had something you wanted am. I communicating clearly yeah sure all right. Yeah yeah something you wanted you decided you were going to get it no.

Matter what you made a plan you put that plan into action and you nailed it it may be as simple as just learning to walk and making it across the freaking room. I don't care as long as it has those attributes those qualities those parameters as you think about that as you remember that feeling in your body point to where you feel it notice you're all pointing in different places that's okay. Now close your eyes. With the other hand.

I want you to imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that experience. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It now with both of your hands trace the edges of the picture. So you know exactly how big it is now grab the edges of it. I'm going to ask you a couple questions about that picture just answer the questions in your head.

But go with your. First impressions is the kick picture and color are black and white is it moving or still is there any sound are you seeing yourself in the picture are you seeing it as if it's through your own eyes. Okay. First thing.

I want you to do is if you're seeing it if you see yourself in the picture see it through your own eyes. Notice what happens to the feelings in your body turn up the sound notice what happens to the feelings in your body if there if it's a still picture make it move make it into a movie notice what happens to the feelings in your body now grab the edges of that picture and all. I want you to do just like you would open the window on your iPhone or on your iMac. I want you to make it as big as an.

IMAX movie theater screen notice what happens to the feeling. TJ what happened to the feeling. Holly what happened to the feeling bigger yeah bigger is better baby. Leonid what happened to the feeling yeah biggest baby excellent now just for.

Grins and. Giggles bring it back to its original size now without changing the size of it all. I want you to do is pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling what's your name sir what happened better it got better what happened to yours it got better didn't it. I wonder how that works everybody grab that picture once again lift it up over your head get used to this posture this is a secret to everything.

But now what. I want to do is. I want you to grab that picture and. I want you to pull it down and wrap it around you like a big blanket and notice what happens to the feeling now is it.

Steve or. Michael. Michael what happened to the feeling he's a happy camper over here. Travis what happened brother um in the picture in the picture how's it feeling it's great stronger or less stronger perfect excellent now you can have this back.

Later. But for the moment unwrap the picture lift it back up now remember you can have this back in just a moment. But for the drill take that picture imagine you can throw it all the way behind you back behind the horizon notice what happens to the feeling. RJ what happened to the feeling brother not there it's not there.

Michael what happened to the feeling hey he doesn't want to give it up what's your name what happened to the feeling it's still there and you didn't throw it far enough they never want to see they don't believe they can get it back dorina what happened to the feeling. I'm still okay. She's been through a few of our meetups everybody lift your hands up imagine you have big suction cups in your palms your hands suck it back now put it where it will do you the most good where it feels the best for you and just let it soak in when you know you've got it try to remove it notice what happens instead good congratulations you've just learned how to interface with your entire nervous system simultaneously you didn't need complex. Theory to do it did you now that's just a small part of what you can do with that.

But it's the beginning and it's a very powerful one. Next thing we're going to do is. I want you to let those feelings come flooding back into your body. I want you to stand the way you were standing at the moment you realized you nailed it at the moment you realized home run baby.

I want you to stand in that posture breathe the way you were breathing if there was a sound or a voice in your head going yeah let it play and just let those feelings just come flooding back while holding this physical posture this physical breathing rate without changing any single thing try to feel bad notice you can't do it because your physiology controls your psychology for every psycho-emotional state you experience there is a physiology that your nervous system must assume in order to manifest it if you break the cycle through your physiology it doesn't matter what your willpower wants to do you will overwrite the state you will break it and you will change it in as little as two minutes we're going to prove that even more for this part. I want you to turn a face to that wall don't look. At candy she's my camera person. I don't want you angry anything to her all right.

Now think about what you had for breakfast yesterday and what. I want you to do now is. I want you to imagine time remember a time in your life well you saw something you wanted and you went for it didn't quite work out maybe you were disappointed maybe it was something you really wanted and it didn't work out. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt.

But most importantly. I want you to assume the physiology the posture the breathing rate that you did when you realize you weren't going to get it wasn't going to happen now when you know you've got we're not going to stay here too long because it sucks. I know suck being a technical term. I haven't come up with a cool acronym for yet all.

I want you to do now while holding that physiology while holding that breathing pattern without changing anything try to feel good huh. I know that now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to do your best to hold on to that negative feeling.

But all. I want you to do now is shift your body back to the positive physiology and notice what happens within a few seconds and. Then just let the feeling just come flooding back because you know you want to. Anyway and when you know you got it double it double it again double it again turn.

Face. Forward have a seat how do you pronounce your name again miss. So right. Now.

So now what'd you discover what'd you learn you learned you could control your mind how. So if. I know that there's this feeling that is overcoming my present state of mind and. I'm like emotionally drawn towards feeling bad let's start thinking about things that made you feel successful and proud of your own self.

So when you told me that you know think about your good place. So. I thought about the best thing that had happened to me and. I was.

So proud of myself okay. So what do you do with your body that's what. I was going for right. The old idea is.

I didn't ask you what you were thinking. I didn't try to change the story what happened when you changed your physiology when you changed your posture what happened to your feelings. So and again. I'm not and.

I want to put words in your mouth. But let me see. So when you were when you were doing the negative feeling and you shifted to the positive physiology the positive breathing the positive posture it was difficult to hold on to the old stuff yeah how fast did that happen [Music] this is the difference between trying to control your. States and your emotions through your conscious mind versus your body your body generates the amplitude that changes everything quickly okay.

So what you've learned in the. Last 15 minutes is how to change how you feel in any situation or circumstance to exactly what you want to feel now there is a couple of parameters that you have to you have to abide by how many people noticed and. I didn't we didn't do this one as much as. I normally do.

But how many people notice that when you were having these states kind of at war with each other you know when you were trying to go from holding the negative physiology and going to the positive state or when you were holding the positive physiology and trying to go negative how many people notice your body wanted to change do. I notice that your body just when you started to try and access those those feelings your body wanted wanted to do something different that's what you have to be conscious of when. Amy did her research she found out that if you assume certain physiologies your emotional your endocrine system your your hormonal state will change in two minutes or less or rather the the window was really two minutes and what she discovered is called. Power poses because she had uh people assuming.

Victory poses and holding them for two minutes and more and what she noticed was that when you held these physiologies you had a 25 bump in testosterone in as little as two minutes now for those of you who've ever suffered from low testosterone that's huge right. Now for you ladies who are going well. I'm female what do. I need testosterone for just about everything testosterone is the achievement hormone okay.

Empathy or estrogen is the empathy hormone and they are antagonists even though there are a couple of molecules apart all right. So the more estrogen you have the more of a doormat you become the more testosterone that you have the more of a you become and regardless of what. Plumbing you have that's kind of how it works. So the whole idea isn't is testosterone better than estrogen no.

It's what's appropriate to the situation and that's one of the things that. NLP teaches us there's no. Such thing ladies and gentlemen as a good behavior or bad behavior there's no. Such thing as a bad belief or a good belief the question becomes is it appropriate to the situation or circumstance is it making your life better is it getting you what you want the rule is if the answer to any of those questions is no.

Change it because you have the authority to do it you have permission it's your brain it's your memory it's your body it's just nobody showed you how and this goes back to this whole belief thing see we're taught that our beliefs actually matter and they do on one level. But we think that our beliefs are these big impossible things to change like there's this huge iceberg in the middle of the. Atlantic that we just and we have this little like pickaxe that we're just going to try to nibble at it that's actually not true that's your conscious mind creating a decision about a belief and that's really what all it's really all this beliefs really are at the most basic fundamental level there are decisions about the way the world is that your nervous system made based on the information it had at the time and it created that experience. NLP likes to call it an internal representation.

But. Then when we say internal representation that could be a belief it could be a memory it could be a a symptom for lack of a better word a way you generate a behavior each and every one of these has an underlying structure that the nervous system reads to create that experience if we understand that system if we understand that code [Laughter]. Then we can change the program now you are not computers you'll hear me use this word computer and programming all these things a lot. But.

I'm here to tell you. A lot of people like to say well people are just like computers that's a lie who was here. First computers damn it there's always one right. But who was here.

First oh damn straight. So our computers are we like computers or computers are like us just not as cool not nearly as advanced okay. Remember that humans huh the movie human no. I haven't.

I deal with humans every day what do. I need to see a movie about it right. So the whole idea is that when human beings create something and this goes back to a much older science than the secret as most of us are taught it goes back to where the secret actually comes from called the the tabulous meridina or the the principles of hermetics this thing called. The.

Law of analogy patterns repeat at different levels of reality. AKA different levels of experience different levels of awareness. But it's the same patterns that repeat and if you understand how to look. For patterns how to see the patterns at every level the universe will reveal itself because it's not a universe of stories although we talk in stories we communicate in stories we live in a universe of vibration where patterns repeat a repeating pattern that's kind of like a rhythm which is kind of like a frequency right.

Everything repeats at different levels of reality you just have to ask the right. Questions you have to have the right. Perspective to be able to become aware of these things and the sage has taught us that if we learn how to see things in the microcos and if we look. At what the body does on a physics level we can start to understand what's happening on a cosmic level by the same token if we look.

At what the universe does the laws of physics do we can start to understand what's happening inside of us what we're doing consciously unconsciously neurologically hormonally patterns repeat at different levels of reality uh you come here. I don't know this man. So. I'm going to beat him up for you now it's.

Michael right. Yep okay. So. Michael is a big strong bald guy who looks like he could body slam me right.

He is an autonomous machine yes. If. I push on. Michael he has resistance strong like bull if.

I pull on. Michael he goes a little bit and. Then he stops right. Because.

I'm a machine and he's a machine two machines fight stronger machine wins probably not me right. But if we understand that one of the principles of physics is this idea frequencies seek to bond they seek to entrain yes. Yeah for some mysterious reason. I can connect.

I can. Bond with. Michael if. I can in some way dissolve the barriers between.

Michael and. David. So that we're not. David and.

Michael anymore we're dykel if. I can do that. Then an interesting thing starts to happen we're no. Longer two machines we're one.

So if. I've been my niece. Michael's knees. Bend if.

I bend over. Michael bends over if. I step. Michael steps and he doesn't even think to resist me that's weird isn't it [Music] give him a big round of applause two universes become one.

As. Above. So. Below yes.

Entrainment all molecular all rhythmic sources seek entrainment at some level it's that simple it's still all physics is he made of physical stuff are you made of physical stuff come up here is there any doubt that. Carlos can body slam me [Music] he's a good man. Harmony. Harmony that's right.

But the interesting thing about. Carlos is that just like everybody else he's made of atoms he's made of molecules and as long as. I try to move. Carlos he doesn't go anywhere right.

But if. I move me even as big as he is and he does look. At the look. Look.

At his face right. If. I pull on him look. Right.

But if and he's trying now he's trying really really hard to not not to to give it up and that's okay. So he's. I'll just wait because he can only maintain that for. So long you see him get socked.

I just got to change my point because he admit it melts you see it all right. Nice stuff see. I'm not trying to pull. Carlos if.

I do that he resists right. But if we connect be round of applause. So connection is the secret to everything to everything okay. It's not about size it's not about strength yes.

Evaporation and. Second step is to create the standard. Jazz day to the thing you'll want yes. That's the law of attraction in a nutshell isn't it you attract things that are in frequency or in the same vibrational tone as what you are what you put out there right.

Well that's all. I did with. Carlos that's all. I did with.

Michael to do that though. I have to get myself out of the way. I have to change my frequency to find his when it happens the nervous system goes huh in. NLP we would call that rapport if we were studying other disciplines that are more physics-based like heart math we would call it coherence.

But the moment. I start thinking that. I have to move. Michael or.

I have to move. Carlos it's a war strongest machine wins that's willpower your willpower needs to guide you not control you it needs to guide the other resources that you have not try to do everything itself your willpower your conscious mind is the least to know or that is the is the. Last um the least informed and the. Last to know anything.

But your body is aware of millions and millions and millions of bits of information every millisecond of every day and it does it in a non-linear fashion that's how you work and how do we make this make use of it understand the body most of us live lives from the neck up we are blissfully disconnected from the meat and we've got to get back in there because to the degree that you're divorced from the meat suit is the degree that you're out of control we like to think we're in control because we don't feel things we're rational that's a lie big one okay. Questions on this yes. So you talked about controlling your hormones and you can pump up the testosterone and things like that. So what about when you're feeling hormonally low.

So do you think and there can be any reason there can be your circumstances at work or at home and things that are bothering you. But do you think we need to which strategy should we use should we need to like nail down what's bothering us and. Then tackle it and. Then get it out of our lives and you know.

Channel it out you gotta be very careful how. I answer this. Next time or we could just you could the problem and that's usually actually. So now that's almost always the best option is to go out and use your body get back into it find the discipline or an activity that allows you to get out of your head and back into the meat because that's where your power is if you want to attract things using the law of vibration you need two things besides an outcome okay.

You need the frequency which most people they can get the frequency through their vision boards or their um you know whatever practices. The. Law of. Attraction might give you.

But if you don't have the amplitude you don't have the juice the push to the message. Then it's going to take longer and there's a lot of things that can bump you off course okay. So a lot of the change work that. I do a lot of the things that.

I teach people is about this idea especially when. I teach persuasion and influence. I'm known all over the world as one of the leading experts on conversational hypnosis it's the. Last thing.

I teach my students. First thing. I teach them is how to use their bodies how to literally do what. I did with.

Carlos and what. I did with. Michael connect with the nervous system through their proprioception through their mirror neurons generate emotions. Within.

Myself that transmit to the other person their perceptual filters and vibratory rates change and they become predisposed thinking feeling and behaving in the way. I want them to. So that they're more likely to go the direction. I want on their own yes.

However connections take place a connection is taking place the problem is is that there's no. Way to test it. So we start with things that we can test if we if we have confidence that we can do this on a physical level. Then we have we have similar.

Sensations over space. Then we have much more confidence in the information we're generating yes. In what way and what kind of emotions did you generate with them whatever. I felt was appropriate to the situation oh this it was just a test desire to connect to just bond which is what your nervous system is designed to do.

Anyway anybody here know the term neuroplasticity who can tell me in very you know short layman's terms because. I'm not that smart what is neuroplasticity well your brain adopts and changes to like given situations or you know whatever you're experiencing okay. Change yes. Sir oh someone back here said something or no.

Yes. Ability to learn something bill you learned something okay. Any other definitions yes. Sir viable and.

So you're always nerves or. So these pliable uh nervous connections absolutely connections. So the nervous system seeks to change it seeks to modify to become more than it is it does that through the process of laying down neurological connections literally and metaphorically your brain's primary directive and as well as the rest of your nervous system is to connect with as many other nerves as possible in as many different ways the more intricate and comprehensive those connections become the more powerful the brain now think about this if you're neurologically hardwired to do that at the pre-conscious level at the generation of the the developmental level. As.

Above. So. Below why do we always seek people like ourselves why do we always look. For groups of like-minded people the law of analogy.

As. Above. So. Below if our nervous system is seeking connection.

Then guess what the meat suit as a whole is going to seek connection when people come to me because of chronic illness or a block it's because there's a part of them that's at war with another part to a greater or lesser degree there's two parts that aren't connecting properly if you can connect everything you want is already out there you understand that that physics quantum physics tells us this is true everything that has ever existed or will ever exist is already here. So why can't we get to it it's the filters you have in your body in your nervous system remove the filters you change everything it's the enlightenment in the world according to. David isn't a process about love learning something new it's about removing the filters that limit your perception of what's already here. Hence the term revealed enlightened right.

We don't create we reveal if you understand that you start working with the system you'll evolve on your own you won't need me as such as life. So how do we do that we start with the body start with the understanding that everything that motivates a human being to take action towards something or away from something starts with a. Feeling that's actually not true. But the thing that actually causes us to act all these processes happen the vibrations come in through all the different channels they're interpreted and a movie is created that the.

Zen filtered through the way the world's supposed to be based on our experiences our beliefs our values our upbringing all that stuff and now we have a map or a model of the way the world's supposed to be that we're we're biased towards that we will we will sort for that information. First. I lost myself in this um how do we change it all this happens. Then we create a there's a feeling that's generated in our body that is the sum total the sum result of all of that that feeling will come or will manifest in a part of your body we call that your somatic address uh you come here me you no.

You me come here you're all going to do this in a minute. But. I just want to kind of show you how it sit here now is there anything um on a shooting a scale of 0 to 10 you'd like to get rid of yeah yeah okay. Point where you feel it your feet what's going on with your feet a little scale of zero to ten uh the cost of the pain goes away.

But um maybe like a five like can you make it worse uh if. I run okay. Okay. That's good close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it as you point to where you feel it. I want you to physically tilt your head look. Down at that feeling notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression yeah reach down grab all that yellow energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides you sure you got it all see.

I told you it's hides you gotta ask you got it yeah okay. Did the color changer stay the same person pressure change would it change too right. Excellent as you look. At that red energy.

I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is spinning physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was turn it sociops of what it was double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice it's gone now as that process works its way deeper your body's going to do weird things you may feel tingling heat some people break out in a sweat some people have emotions come up. However your nervous system does it just let it when it's done try to bring the feeling back and notice what happens instead. I don't want to bring it back that's one of the responses you normally get scale of zero to ten rate feelings what you're lying yeah you're lying no. No.

Why didn't you rate it more it's not there oh try to bring it back notice what happens you can't do it [Applause] yes. Sir motivation if we want to do something. But uh actually the key to motivation is actually removing the things that demotivate you. But here's the here's and.

But it will work for motivation yes. But why not tomorrow wake up at six o'clock and start running and. I just felt like my very very weak let me ask you something if there was something that you really really wanted. But you had to get up at six in the morning to do it would you do it yeah okay.

Can you think of something that's that strong yeah okay. You have all the resources you need okay. So what just happened is. I by the way did.

I. I. I asked her what the pain was right. And.

Then we changed it right. I don't need to know most of the time what the problem is how many people have ever been little children okay. All right. You should have thought.

I had once upon a time. I did a meet up and. I actually asked the group how many people actually have a spine and they were like do. I have the secret to this is avoiding smart person syndrome now what is smart person syndrome smart person syndrome there's actually two varieties of it's not resistance it's just a block to this process and one is called smart person syndrome the other is called hypnotist disease.

But you can only get hypnotist disease if you're already trained in hypnosis okay. It's one of those you know hypnotically communicable things. But they both manifest in a very similar way and it's called lack of absorption in the process what do. I mean by that when you were a little kid how many people hear when you were little kids played pretend raise your hands oh good we're getting better okay.

How many people here did computational models and blew things up how many people fantasize about blowing things up did you play pretend when you were a little girl you didn't play see there's always one well if you did play pretend what would you play pretend at um. I don't know did you ever use your imagination yeah yeah did you read lots of books. I would. Queen a queen can you imagine what you like to be a queen right.

Okay. How about you. Travis did you play pretend as a little tyke oh yeah yeah what'd you play pretend at all like a. Harmony man army man cool how about you would you play pretending swordsman yeah baby how about you.

Barbie dolls did your. Barbie dolls talk to each other ah we're good how about you brother what'd you play pretend at. I must have played. I must have pretended to be a.

Commando cool did you actually go commando because that's really bad. I had like a little laser gun laser gun cool what'd you play astronaut how about you lion cool how about you army man a lot of army men in here any ladies play army we have one lady like to be. Batgirl she was my hero one woman whiskey one was. Catwoman.

I love that here's my point whether you were playing princess and some people are girly girls and how many how many girly girls do we have you were little that's okay. What did you play at what did you like you like um a unicorn a unicorn cool. I like her already. So when you were a unicorn did you talk to other unicorns what did you do with a unicorn are you like the.

Last one. So who did you talk to as a unicorn and did they talk back ah cool we're good we need to help your meds all right. So it's okay. It's in the.

Bible be as little children the code to code maybe using uh whether we're playing girl you know whether we were girly girls or playing soldier or whatever there's a part of you that when you were out in the backyard and you were playing as a little child picked up a stick maybe you're playing soldier right. Or maybe you were a unicorn you were frolicking right. Or you're a princess with your teacups going we are not abused having. Korean crumpets with.

Teddy gotta be careful the. Brits will get me there in the room okay. When you started the process you picked up that stick in the backyard you knew it was just a stick. First five minutes six and a half minutes.

Later it's a real. M60 you're really. Rambo and they're real bad guys out there shooting at you right. When you're having when you were being a unicorn and frolicking with the unit unicorns you knew the.

First couple minutes you started playing the game you weren't or you're a unicorn the. First five minutes now let me ask you a question were you asleep when you were playing wow where you really focused on what you were doing yes. Were you completely absorbed in that process where you're having a ball ladies and gentlemen if you can do that you can have anything you want it's that simple. But.

I'm afraid to well it's okay. We'll fix that fear is just an interpretation what are you afraid of not accomplishment not accomplishing it point where you feel it close your eyes. As you look. At that feeling.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression black that's right. Reach and grab all that by the ways okay. To get rid of this is okay.

Get rid of this oh yeah reaching grab all that black energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you stand up make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides make sure you keep pulling that's right. I've had people. I've had people pull for 20 minutes. I don't care.

I'm relentless you'll know when you have enough keep going okay. As you look. At it did the color changer stay the same. First impression it got a little grayer a little grayer cool as you look.

At it. I want you to notice something notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning that's right. Grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was turn it in the opposite direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's gone. Goosebumps that's right.

Just let it happen don't try to manage it don't try to analyze it don't try to accelerate it as the new program works its way in the body's going to do weird stuff like a snake shedding its skin it's going to start to shed any program any feeling any event that's not in harmony with this new program just allow that process to happen when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead. But it happens all right. Let it come up it's okay. That's why you're here.

I'm getting emotional that's right. Let the emotions come up that's the shedding process as it comes up it comes out as you reveal it as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it and. I'm right. Here through the whole process you're not alone that's it you're doing great it's just me and you brother just let it happen that's it.

I've been bearing this a long time let the system do what it needs to do comes up it comes out when it's done try to bring it back notice what happens instead that's filling up it's filling up with what energy energy oh. So it's getting better oh have a seat give a big round of applause it's just data yes. Sir if. I feel like.

I do that too much you do what too much good for you we don't go there enough and when we go back we don't do the right. Things because we confuse thinking with remembering okay. Now what we just did was weird didn't it yeah he broke out into sweat which is very common right. Oh it gets better because you're all going to do this all right.

Because if you have any remember those icky feelings you were talking about the ones you said you didn't have the ones you're lying to me about that's what's keeping you stuck those are the beliefs that you didn't know you had those are the beliefs locked in your body they're the ones morphing your vibration. So that when you try to do manifesting it skews your frequency do you have to know what they are it helps. But is it really necessary no. Part of us always knows.

Anyway. But there's a. Code there's a structure to these experiences as a structure to these memories these beliefs these processes and that structure is imprinted somewhere and just like you can go into any program on your computer if you know the language and you have the password you can change that code because everything we create with technology is already in existence it's just nobody taught us the language the language of the nervous system is visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory and all of the qualities and distinctions in those five categories everything means something to your nervous system everything is an instruction that tells your nervous system what to do the best part is if it's something if it's something that tells your nervous system what to do that means it's a behavior a behavior is just something you're doing and you can always change what you're doing can't you yes. After.

I came back and sat down and everything started percolating with all these fears. I started recognizing oh very moving forward it unwinds [Music] yeah it's never just in your feed it just manifests there yeah should. I just do one at a time you could like yeah you could try it see what happens see it's your playground it's your playground your nervous system you're the god of your universe or goddess you have the authority the right. And permission and actually the responsibility to change your inner universe to influence your outer one because if you don't somebody is more than happy to do it for you yes.

If. I'm hungry yes. Yes. We're doing this yes.

Do it all the time everything guys. I've cured heroin addiction to this. I've shrunk tumors. I've reversed herpes outbreaks.

I've restored nerve function the nervous system doesn't care what the information is it just cares about how it's coded if you understand the code and how to how to to discern how to extract it. Then you know how to change it does that make sense okay. It is quarter after eight yes. Okay.

So a couple of things we're going to take a break for 15 minutes we're going to come back we're going to get into the nuts and bolts of how to do this we're going to make a few things that we want to change and we're going to zap them. Okay. Then if. I have we have time.

I'll do a few uh well let's just call them benedictions we'll guide you through some processes that we can install these things deeply into your mind and body. So you can go out and start rewriting your life okay. Is that practical enough yes. By the way was that fast or slow that changed fast that's pretty fat how long do you have that feeling before the feeling how long before that decades that's the depressing part is like we have this thing for years and years and years and someone like some like me comes along.

Then zap and we feel like a idiot and. I'm not saying. I'm not saying that. Mike.

But. I've actually had that happen with people that who are trained in neuro-linguistics and things like that who have a little bit of a different uh perspective on the on these these systems than. I do um and like. I run them through a process that they've been struggling and they're trained they've been struggling with for 20 years and it's gone in two minutes and they get depressed right.

And. I go look. It took. Us 5 000 years or more to figure out how to take a problem away in two minutes don't beat yourself up right.

You didn't you can't be held well in legal terms you can. But you can you're held responsible for everything you know or don't know it's what you do with it. But the point is is that beating yourself up is a pointless process it doesn't serve you. Anyway be grateful because think of how many people out there will never know this and you do and what you can do with it yes.

But let's say it's an answered love that somebody is like. I've suffered for a very long time and. I can actually go and reverse my yeah as long as you can a be playful with it be fully absorbed and play pretend if you can do that if you can get your self-consciousness out of the way and stop worrying about feeling silly because when you were a kid you didn't feel silly playing like unicorn did you that was a learned response somebody taught that to you find them one more you can increase your energy. I can.

I can change just about anything as long as the person can follow the instructions with full absorption and focus they can get pretty much any change they want and you can don't believe what don't believe me you don't have to believe it you don't if if the change work that. I did relying on somebody believing it eighty percent of my students would fail because the people walking in my door have failed with everybody else there's really they're desperate they're starting to believe it nobody can help them because nobody's been able to help them my stuff has to rely on something other than belief and it does something much more reliable the laws of physics yes. Sir. I manifest things quite easily the problem.

I continually run into is unexpected results unexpected results yes. I've been a millionaire three times in different fields and. I'm now broke again okay. And something that.

I want to get from you is how. I can manifest these things and keep the things that. I've created and enjoy okay. I've had illegal government seizures problems with uh improper police conduct and this is a recurring theme okay.

What's the commonality in all these uh it seems to be. Revenge because. I've quit their game and. So they take my toys they take your toys okay.

The common denominator by the way is you which means there's a filter in place that's sorting for those kind of experiences and events all we do is change the filter now. I make that sound dramatically easy and on one level it is okay. Um if. I have time we'll go through that process for you.

So you guys can actually understand uh how to extract lessons from experiences there's there's times when the system will actually resist change because the system is designed to do several things a is designed to make your external. World conform to your inner one. But at a much more. Primal level it's designed to keep you safe now at this at the level of the nervous system what's safe is equivalent to what's familiar what it's used to what was there.

First that's a distinction we need to understand the nervous system sorts for what's familiar not what feels good although you have that part of you it sorts for what's familiar. So if at some point there was a lesson that was derived from an experience that your unconscious mind is seeking to retain it will keep generating a it will keep generating the same experiences over and over again until you learn something that's a karmic thing. But many times also it will resist change because when the unconscious mind creates these internal representations of experience it's not all neatly sorted it's all like a big soup together and. So if.

I try to get rid of the emotions and the feelings without extracting that one lesson that you learned that's designed to keep you safe. Then the system will resist letting it go because it's afraid if it lets the lesson go it'll happen again. So we need to give the nervous system an alternate process a process that allows it to extract that one piece that needs to be kept. So it can let the rest go when you do that change happens rapidly because that's the only problem.

I've seen people little. I've seen people systematically remove an experience and rebuild it because they needed it for something it's weird watching their eyes. Just flash all over the place when you're. LinkedIn when you're a neuro linguistic programmer people look.

Very different to you okay. They're you know they're amazing people they're amazing creatures you're all amazing if you could see yourselves the way. I see you you'd run screaming no. I'm kidding you're all you're all magical you're magical creatures.

But you've been brainwashed for lack of a better word. I don't. I don't. I use that term not very lightly it's we live in a a field a world of competing ideologies and paradigms and and they're all fighting for the same real estate your mind and if you don't take charge of it if you don't go in there and start making this thing work the way you want it to work that somebody is more than happy to do it for you.

So my job is to teach you not just the. Law of. Attraction although that's why you're here is to become more self-aware to understand how you work because when you do you can have anything you want and no. One will be able to push your buttons without your permission ever again.

So. I have a gift for everyone here tonight before we go on our break usually to walk in my door it's 175 dollars an hour now. I work with everything from relationships and attraction okay. Physical romantic attraction all the way up to law of attraction to chronic illness everything from cancers.

Parkinson's addictions. I work with anything as long as you pass my test okay. I have a very thorough screening that. I use and if you are a candidate for my methods.

I will tell you if you're not a candidate. I'll tell you that too and. I'll point you in a direction. I think can help you.

But. I'd like to give everybody here a gift tonight. I'd like to offer everybody here tonight a free 30-minute consultation you come out you hang out with me for 30 minutes talk about the things you want me to help you with we'll run you through a few screening drills to see if you're a good candidate for this stuff and most of you from what. I see are already.

But. I'll know more when. I get to get if you want to pick my brain for 30 minutes and. Then go home that's fine if you have somebody or something you think.

I can help you with. I'll tell you if. I can if. I can.

I'll tell you that too all you need to do to claim your gift is see candy or. Teresa outside they'll take your name they'll get you on my schedule. I don't have that many slots available. But especially since our.

YouTube channel took. Off it's like 13 000 people they're haunting me at night they're like stalking me. I come out into my driveway and there's somebody with a shopping bag yes. Talking a little bit.

But they literally literally they find us on fit you know they find us on. YouTube or. Facebook. And they find my my cell phone number and they literally call me on my cell phone or.

Facebook. Message me and. Then they call the clinic and stuff like that. So we we help people all over the world.

But even if you you know you want to do it yourself the people who come to me have fall into three categories there's people who want to fix their own stuff the vast majority of you want to fix your own stuff that's why you're here. I'm cool with that. Then there's another side of you that wants me to help you fix your stuff and. I'm cool with that too and.

Then there's the people who. I. I love to say are special kind of stupid they're the people who want to fix other people's stuff right. And we have trainings and things like that available.

But we can talk about those things it's getting late. But. I want to give you guys some time to work with these things before we you know we break for the evening. So.

I want to take a 15-minute break eat all the candy and chocolate and coffee that we have because. I also do weight loss. But actually it's actually a dirty trick and we talked about neuroplasticity the hormone that mediates neuroplasticity is a substance called oxytocin and oxytocin is found in very high quantities in chocolate. So the more chocolate you eat the faster you change the 50 minutes see candy and.

Theresa for your your your free gift come on back we'll get started with some stuff.
