Title: FREE NLP LECTURE: How To Control The Subconscious Mind and Healing The Body - Explained
File Name: f-hVmjpORhY.txt
Video Id: f-hVmjpORhY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-hVmjpORhY

Tonight are we not running. Rick no. One sitting here oh okay. All right.

Are we going to again just just creep the aisles forward. I'm. I'm not bashful. I am a little reserved right.

So we just got two of the biggest things out of the way uh and and and dispelled two myths right. Away a we've gotten you over the the fear of actually making a fool of yourself right. And. I can in fact get you to do something you don't want to do sure are we going to have to do this again no.

No. All right. Great couple other things there a couple other bookkeeping and administrative things before we get too much into today's uh topics a this means. I know the answer this means.

I don't this means oh. I hope he doesn't ask me that okay. This means yes. This means no.

There will be a test okay. We talk about uh as as we're waiting for people to filter in. I started asking some of the attendees what do you want to learn what do you want to take home because when we talk about transformation we might as well just say self-improvement right. Because.

But it's too big it's too big a topic we got to know what we want. So as. I'm talking about these things the processes that. I'm going to be sharing with you are proven in multiple theaters of of application we have people utilizing these things all over the world you don't have to believe any of it okay.

You just have to not act you just have to actively not fight it there are three components that we need to make these things work that we're going to share with you tonight. A you got to be playful you got to have fun with this the power to change your mind and body and nervous system is in the is in playfulness the more serious you become the more resources you lose access to okay. So when in doubt get crazy get playful get nuts right. Get like a little kid how many people have ever been a little kid raise your hand every now and.

Then. I get some in the back going not me. I was born from a test tube. I was born fully formed and.

I grew up on computational models well get the out right. I can always tell who's going to change and who's not because. I tell you. I.

I recommend you do something. I instruct you to do something. I say stand up and you go. I tell you to spin something in a circle and you go or you take notes right.

Believe me when. I tell you. I have field tested these things on people who did not believe anything they did not believe they could be hypnotized they didn't believe in. NLP they didn't believe in energetics they didn't believe in any of it.

But they fully engaged in the process and they got change because the stuff. I do and the way it works if if the success of the protocols. I'm going to share with you tonight required the subject to to actually believe in it. I'd have an 80% failure rate instead of a 90 plus.

Su success rate okay. You don't got to believe it you just have to be playful like when you were a little kid playing pretend in the backyard okay. You have to be absorbed we'll discuss what. I mean by playful and absorption and all these other things in a moment and you have to be focused if you can do those three things ladies and gentlemen you can make any change you want okay.

Take it to the bank right. The other thing. I want to recommend is there's another aspect that. I want you to start to to develop and whether you're a practicing hypnotherapist or a neural linguistic programmer or somebody who's just here to get stuff handled be relentless okay.

In. NLP you're going to hear me bag on. NLP you're going to hear me bag on hypnotherapy you're going to hear me bag on just about every do every discipline. I study and you.

I'm an equal opportunity hater okay. Every training every discipline has strong points every discipline has drawbacks okay. So um real quick some of the people who came in late raise your hand if you came in late. I want to single you out and laugh at you no.

What do you want to learn today what what what brought you out you know it was actually a really great story. So. I was talking to a colleague of mine and he was telling me about. NLP and what he was doing and.

I'm multitasking as. I'm talking on the phone to him and doing all these other things and not really paying attention and. Then all of a sudden they get an email saying there's an. NLP seminar going on and.

I said okay. Well this is. The. Universe telling me this is where.

I need to be. So that's why. I'm here well nobody's here be randomly all right. So you just here.

R did you are you the one that came from. Glendale yes. Okay. I tried to yes.

I tried to to find your phone number. I was going to text you back. But apparently you blocked the number or something. I don't know.

I blocked it. I don't know some reason. I couldn't find it. But.

I did get it how about you when you want to take home. I want to know learn about. NLP. I have not had any experience with it.

So how many people here have some experience with. NLP okay. How many are lying there's always somebody lying right. How many people here are are have some experience with hypnotist hypnotism how many are certified how many are certifiable certifiable okay.

The good news is well. I have some bad news. First you're you're you're going to learn hypnosis and. NLP and.

I have some better news you're going to learn hypnosis and. LP filtered through the uniquely distorted world view of. David. Snyder okay.

Which means you don't have to believe in it you just got to do it right. So to answer my question again with as much enthusiasm and excitement as you can pretend to have how many people here have ever been little children yeah all right. All right. We're getting somewhere now how many people here here did were you ever a little child oh cool how about you yeah all right.

When you were a little child were you a tom boy or a tom girl a girl well you know you you know. I mean when. I say tom boy or. Tom girl right.

Tom a girl a tomboy is a girl who does all the boy stuff likes to do all the boy stuff and. Then a tom girl is just gir girl yeah just girly girl all right. How many. Tom boys we got in the room you guys can raise your hands too it's all right.

All right. How many girlly girl we have guys be careful raising your hands this is. California we're that we're liberal. But not that liberal all right.

Um. So when you were out there and you played pretend yes. Yes. What did you like to play pretend at when you were a little kid.

I don't remember. I play. I play sports a lot played. Sports a lot did you ever play like when you were like five did you ever like play.

Soldier or. Cowboys and. Indians or ninja or something like that. I played cards and.

I played like soccer and swimming and karate and you did you played karate well did. Karate okay. Cuz. I have a 9th degree black belt ning now karate.

So. I was just yeah thought. I'd throw that out there you missed part of the pedigree. I'll throw the things out there that.

I'm certified in. I've got more degrees behind my name in terms of certification stuff than. McDonald sells hamburgers. So um when.

I read when. I when. I actually tell people all the things. I'm certified in and that.

I've done it either sounds like. I'm bragging or trying to compensate for something if you know what. I mean. So.

I usually just throw things out as we need them did you play forend when you were a little girl m oh it's okay. You can both answer. But her. First.

I'm good uhhuh and were you a tomboy or a girlly girl you know what. I don't know. I did. I did a little everything you did a little everything yeah cool.

So what was your favorite thing to pretend at oh. I played school school you were the teacher my brothers and sisters you. D your brother and. So did you teach your brothers and sisters that drove him nuts or did you actually like teach your stuffed animals and stuff like that no.

I forced my brother you forced your brother can. I get up now no. All right. So sometimes how many people have played.

Soldier as a kid or cop or superhero. I'm a superhero. I'm a. I'm a nerd.

I'm a total geek right. So you know like maybe you're in the backyard right. And maybe you're playing. Cowboys and.

Indians maybe you're playing cops and robbers maybe you're playing soldier if you're a girly girl maybe you're playing you know princess or teacups or whatever you you have your little stuffed animals and you're pouring tea would you like some moreell tea puffy right. And you're having conversations back and forth with those pretended characters are those stuffed animals or maybe you're in the backyard you pick up a stick or a toy gun and maybe for the. First five minutes you know it's just a stick or a toy gun and. Then 6 and.

A2 minutes. Later it's a real. M60 you're really. Rambo there's really bad guys hiding behind the trees right.

You knew the stuffed animals that you're serving tea to are just stuffed animals for the. First five minutes and. Then six and a half minutes. Later they're asking for more sugar another.

Crumpet and you're having conversations about the. Queen of. England or whatever's going on true not true okay. We have meds for you.

I have a question for you it's a very simple one were you asleep when that was happening were you really focused on what you were doing were you having a ball y congratulations if you can do that you can make any change you want tonight don't believe me just follow instructions and you can have the change is that okay. How many people here have ever gone to see a movie right. The reason. I bring this up is cu in ably we have two diseases that rear their ugly head in the room one is called smart person syndrome and the other is called hypnotist disease now they have very similar characteristics.

But hypnotist disease is specific to people who have been trained in hypnosis okay. Uh smart person syndrome tends to rear its ugly head where you're being guided through a process or being trying to engage in a process and in lie of being completely fully absorbed and focused in what you're doing there's a little part of you that's kind of hanging out evaluating how it's working if it's working some sound sound familiar right. Remember that absorption fac and this is where it goes back to that little. Mar that little movie metaphor that.

I'm teaching you about how many people here ever saw movie again raise your hands all right. Maybe you walk into the movie theater right. Got your popcorn in one hand best guy or girl in the other you're walking down the aisle wonder which one's going to be more fun right. You sit in the chair the lights go down the movie starts and for the.

Next 90 minutes 2 hours 2 hours and 20 minutes whatever it is you have an amazing experience right. And. Then the lights come up and aside from that massive ache in your bladder because you stayed for the. Last.

Easter egg at the end of the film to find out what's happening. Next with the. Avengers movies right. Can you tell me at what moment you became completely absorbed in that movie the answer is no.

Because if you could it means you weren't absorbed and that's what. I mean when. I say focus and absorption fully commit to what you're doing just like when you go to see a movie just like when you play pretend and. I'll give you this if you can point to the problem and everything we'll talk about pointing to it in a minute in much more detail if you can point to it you can change it okay.

If you can point to it you can change it. So here's what. I'd like to ask you guys how many people here can feel tremendously good for no. Freaking reason everybody's going everybody stand up.

I apologize for the. Heat this is our. First uh do you guys are you guys feeling like claustrophobic back there cuz. I feel really bad with all this space up here let's do this let's have the front row see this little overhang here let's put your chairs right.

Under that and have everybody move forward. So we have yeah we're going to be real close that's good thank you well they they follow instructions very well that means they're going to get some good stuff tonight okay. You can sit in that chair by the way. I don't usually sit very much uh this is this is actually.

Richard and. Scott's office when they're not doing hypn hypnosis practitioner things do. I have a seat okay. Actually.

Stay. Stay standing my bad all right. So here's what. I want you to do.

I'm going to give you some very specific instructions it's going to go something like this. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really really wanted okay. And you decided that you were. G to get it no.

Matter what okay. You made a plan you put the plan into action and you nailed it home run and. I want you to let that feeling of determination and victory come flooding back into your body close your eyes. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt and as that feeling comes back.

I want you to notice something. I want you to notice it starts in a certain place in your body. I want you to physically point to it just physically point to that spot very good now using your imagination in. First.

Impressions. I want you to imagine that there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling reach out with your other hand and touch it trace the edges of it with both of your hands excellent now grab it and all. I want you to do now without slugging the person. Next to you do your best with this one make it as like like opening the windows on your iPhone make it as big as an.

IMAX movie theater screen and notice what happens to the. Feeling by the smiles. I can see what's happening right. Very good now bring it back to its original size without changing the size of it now physically grab it get your body engaged this is a supernatural moment we got to get the meat involved okay.

No. Supernatural fans out here without changing the size of the image pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling stronger or weaker that's right. Lift it up over your head now imagine you can pull it down over top of your head and wrap it around you like a big blanket notice what happens to the feeling woohoo oh my goodness that feels good now. Next one's going to be a little weird you can have this back in just a moment.

But unwrap it lift it back up over your head now just like you would throw a frisbee. I want you to throw like a frisbee all the way behind you back over the horizon. Donna what happened to the feeling went away it went away what happened to the feeling gone oh all right. Now imagine you like either.

Mr. Fantastic or you have big magnetic hands hold your hands up and suck it back and now because this is your feeling and your nervous system and you are the god or goddess of your. Universe put it where you like it the best where it feels the best and just let it sink in let it soak right. In noticing how those feelings sink deeper and deeper into your mind and body every part of your system begins to grab a hold of it and when you know it's locked in when you know it's yours forever at that intensity try to turn it off and notice what happens instead and when you know you've got it you've proven it to yourself just open your eyes.

Notice how how good you feel what just happened stuck it's stuck you mean you're stuck feeling good oh that's a suck deal isn't it okay. And here's the best part you're only going to get better at this okay. What you've learned you guys have a seat what you've learned in the. Twisted weird psychotic world according to.

David is how your nervous system is organized you see in. NLP we have this idea that everything that we experience isn't real what what do you mean it isn't real. I just felt it yeah what you felt and what you what what you experienced was a recording the two big myths that we need to get out of the way right. Up front before we start talking about anything neurolinguistic anything hypnotic whatever is the idea a that your memories are real that anything you you experience subjectively is real you see we we don't live in real time okay.

There's an old saying if a tree falls in the forest and there's nobody there to hear it does it make any sound it's a trick question right. Anybody know the the answer the. Smart. Guys in the room know the answer smart girls in the room know the answer like it's a trick question.

I'm not answering it of course it makes a sound of course it makes a sound yes. Even though. I didn't hear it okay. That's actually not true okay.

But it would seem to make a sound because we don't understand what sound really is you see sound is an interpreted is an interpretation of vibratory information every one of your five senses is taking in vibrational data and information is encoded in that vibration each of your sense organs takes that vibratory information decodes the information in it and creates in your mind a representation of what that data could mean to you to make it real simple there's two there's two. Chambers in your mind really there's the raw what. NLP likes to call the. Deep structure or.

Prim. AR representation of an experience in other words there's this massive. Iceberg of information that comes in through your five senses that each part of your brain decodes and disperses to the body like a big. Cloud.

Server you're going to hear me use a lot of computer metaphors and. I'm not here to imply that we are like computers that is actually false we were here. First computers are like us just not as cool all right. I have no.

What a lot of the things that. I'm going to share with you are based on observation and pattern recognition which is something that both uh the martial arts that. I've studied which are very esoteric and all about decoding. Secrets neurol.

Linguistics and. Oriental medicine all have in common the ability to recognize identify and apply patterns that indicate process and structure as an oriental medical practitioner. I can look. At your ear and tell you how you're sleeping.

I can feel your pulse and tell you if you're pregnant okay. Because the. Chinese for thousands of of years learn to observe a good neurolinguistic programmer a good therapist learns to observe they learn to pay attention they don't let their beliefs get in the way because whatever you believe will color what you perceive does that make sense we're going to talk about beliefs and perceptual filters these little apertures that govern what you pay attention to. First and what you disregard they're all based on your beliefs and your emotional states okay.

What we just did was uh using an an a neural linguistic framework is we isolated what. I've called the universal coding system every human being on the planet that has a heartbeat and a pulse is pretty much organized this way the primary drivers that modulate the volume on your experience are size and proximity okay. It's like the the formatting when you when you when you edit a video it tells it how loud to play right. There's a language en in that vibratory there's there's information encoded in that vibr those vibrations coming in through your five senses.

But by definition it must be a language that the nervous system understands that make sense. So when information comes in through the five senses there's this massive repres massive hologram of information that's created preconsciously and. I call that the part of your your brain that creates the map not the reality the interpretation of the way the world is it's information based on the five s taken in through your five senses. Then it runs through another section of filters beliefs history metaprograms uh social upbringing all those things values all these filters and.

Then what it creates from that it it changes the information as it goes through and that's what. I call the way the world's supposed to be. So we have this massive amount of information which is way too much for us to consciously track. Anyway and.

Then it's sorted through this. Loop to. Loop this sloo gate of all these other filters that creates a representation of the way we think the world's supposed to be got it. So far and that's the the image that's the representation that gets flashed onto the movie screen in our mind got it now we're designed our nervous system is designed to project outward and perceive outward what we've created on the inside okay.

How many people here know somebody who's just ridiculously lucky like if $1,000 fell out of the freaking sky right. In a safe right. The money would land in the back of his car or her car and the safe would land on yours right. Don't you hate those well they did a study they found they wanted to see if there's are there you know metaphysics aside are there actually any attributes or qualities that all lucky people have in common turns out they found some.

So they they created once they had isolated these variables they decided to run some experiments. So they. I think this study was done in the. UK and what they actually did was they rented a restaurant for like a week and they hired actors to go in and pretend to be patrons they put like a 20.

PB note on the floor and they would send in the control group they would send in the lucky people and. Then they would send in the. Unlucky people right. And they wanted to figure out are they more you know how lucky people perceive the world differently from everybody else and they found out as you could probably in it that the average the control group had an average dispersion of how many people saw the the money on the floor right.

Every single one of the lucky people saw it as far as we know the. Unlucky people can't find a restaurant right. But that was that bad okay. They walked they consistently walked by the money on the floor even though it was in the exact same place for every single person what you believe changes the priority of the information in the environment that you sort for this leads us to a concept that has nothing to do with.

NLP and yet it does called the emotional refractory period now how many people have ever seen a television show called lie to me okay. Cool um if you haven't it's a great show it only lasted three seasons because. Tim. Roth's character got progressively more psychotic as anything.

Tim. Roth plays generally ends up being better when he did that it did. U and. Then it just vapor eyes.

But the the consultant for that show. I do apologize for the heat we we'll try to give you guys a break or something um the consultant for that show was a very well-known. Scientist by the name of. Dr.

Paul emman now emman is known as the world's leading. Authority on emotions facial cues facial recognition and even lie detection actually and. So there's a lot of good science in that show they've embellished a few things andman is quick to point that out. But in terms of just educating yourself on what to look.

For in terms of lie detection body language how to how to kind of decode human behavior on the spot it's got some really good stuff and it's an entertaining show. However most people are not familiar with the rest of ekman's work one of the other works that. I'm going to reference here and. I suggest you pick it up especially if you're a hypnotherapist right.

Is called emotions revealed okay. And it was a study on the evolution of emotions and facial facial cues and things like that. But in that book. Emman isolates a behavior that the nervous system engages in it's a phenomena it's called the emotional refractory period right.

The way the emotional refractory period works is anytime you experience a change in your psycho emotional state the kinds of information that your nervous system sorts for changes because each of those emotional shifts become like a little life form that wants to live as long as you possible and. So what the nervous system literally does without your permission without your consent without you even understanding it's happening is it will change the priority of information that you sort for. So that it retriggers or reinforces the emotional state you're currently in now you've all. H have had dramatic experience with this whether you admit it or not how many people ever been an argument with somebody okay.

We're good. I'm married. So that raise both hands right. And.

I always lose how many people here have gone through the the uh the experience of a going being in an argument with somebody you have this knock down drag out he shed she said argument and. Then all of a sudden poof you resolve it done and. Then for the. N the.

Next 10 15 20 minutes. However long it is whatever you say pisses them off again welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period every emotional state that we experience as a halflife during this time your nervous system wants to stay in that state and. So it will tweak what you pay attention to. First and and give priority to the information that reinforces or re-triggers the state how many people here have bought a new car.

I'm in the process of trying to buy several new cars right. Now because my family has grown dramatically um. So. I'm.

I'm shopping all over. Helen. Back for uh a minivan. Honda.

Odyssey cuz it's the top of the line right. So. I'm on. I'm on offer up.

I'm on. Craigs. List. I'm going to freaking car lot after car lot after car lot right.

And you go you know you go to the carot you find the car of your dreams you've done all the due diligence you've done all the work now you're haggling back and forth you get the color you get the benefit package you get the warranty you're driving home happy and every on the planet bought the same car the same color on the same day what's up with that welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period the nervous system sorts externally for what's currently going on internally now you don't get a two-minute warning that you're about to have an emotional shift you don't get warning. Will. Robinson danger danger you're about to get pissed off doesn't work that way right. But we do go into and out of these emotional states randomly or at least seemingly randomly and this is happening to you all the time now.

I teach. I have uh courses where. I work specifically with uh high level personal injury attorneys to influence juries judges expert witnesses to win large verdicts okay. We have field tested these the things.

I'm sharing with you in very very combative hostile environments and they've proven themselves over and over again if. I can change your state in other words if. I can change how you feel in your body. I will change how you perceive the world if.

I change how you perceive the world. I'll change the decisions that you make because. I will change the order and the kinds of data that you look. For to validate your decision understand that the fastest way to change your state is to change your body everybody stand up and can somebody yell at.

Scott or. Richard see if we can get a fan or something maybe we can get some kind of a circulation device what's thatti all. I was to. I could actually do that would you guys just rather me have you.

TR you out for an hour and. Then just install it directly to the hard drive would you rather have it. I like that all right. Um.

I think it's in the. First office this is a this is the. First. Meetup that we've done in.

Orange. County. I used to teach meetups or the equivalent thereof uh for many years in. Los.

Angeles it was called. The subn ulistic. Sleepwalkers the world's largest free n. LP and hypnosis.

Practice. Group we had chapters in 13 states and five countries and every every month depending on where you what which chapter you belong to uh we would get together and. I would literally say this is the topic for this week this is what we're going to practice and we would have people who have 20 minutes of hypnosis or. NLP experience right.

Next to people with 20 years and we'd roll up our sleeves and we do the drills and get the skills and. I taught hypnotists and. NLP practitioners of all walk from all walks of life for all applications for 10 years for free when it comes to making you good at this stuff. I know what.

I'm doing all right. But. I'm here to tell you that the fastest way to get good at this stuff is to a to change your state the fastest way to change your state is to get your body involved this was something. I discovered by accident and now this.

Neuroscience is actually validating it how many people here have ever heard of a woman named. Amy cudy if you have not that's your. First homework assignment go to. YouTube pull up the.

Ted. Talk power poses by. Amy cudy okay. I was teaching this for 10 years before the science came out that backed up what.

I'm going to share with you now what what you're going to learn is actually a little bit more advanced than what. Amy's doing. But it's still powerful you guys remember that that little picture. I had you move around right.

When. I brought back those feelings now what. I want you to do is. I want you to bring back that feeling and what.

I want you to do instead now is. I want you to stand the way you were standing the moment you nailed it the moment you hit that that home run in your life. I want you to stand exactly the way you were standing breathe exactly the way you're breathing now if some of you. I say do that and you're going.

I'm not going to ask what you succeeded in achieving all right. But. I will tell you that if you stand in a. Winner's pose within two minutes you will start to feel like a winner to the degree that if we actually took.

A blood sample before you stood that way and we took. A blood sample 2 minutes after you stood that way you would see a. TW up to a 25% difference in the level of testosterone in your body and the amount of cortisol you've produced your testosterone will go up your cortisol will go down you will become more assertive more courageous more empowered and less stressed you will become physically more relaxed it can't not happen. So here's what.

I want you to do we're going to prove this if we're not going to get a testosterone all. L are going. I don't want testosterone yeah you do testosterone is in the world according to. David is the achievement hormone how many how many ladies here have a business or would like one right.

Uh anybody have to present to large groups of people or convince somebody to do something if you if you hold this stupid posture for as little as two minutes you will up your closing rate before you go in don't hold it while you're doing the meeting cuz some will do that they'll go hi. I'd like to talk about no. You do that as your pregame warm-up when you do it within 2 minutes your testosterone will rise your cortisol will go go down and you will be a different person it can't not happen when. I teach.

PE when. I talk to lawyers when. I talk to people who are very much interested in attracting members of the opposite sex this is the. First thing we teach you this is your get out of sh get out of the free card because most of us are taught a what little techniques for emotional control we have are based on our willpower okay.

I'm feeling a certain way. I'm going to stuff it down using my will well guess what the more stress hits your system the faster your nervous your willpower checks out okay. I'll talk about your three brains in a minute. But.

I want you to go back to this idea of just feeling standing like a winner see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt roll them shoulders back if that's the position you were in breathe the way you were breathing all right. You can close your eyes. If you want you can open your eyes. If.

I don't really care just hold the position let all those feelings come flooding back as they come flooding back here's what. I want you to do without changing anything the way you're standing the way you're breathing without changing a single thing try to feel bad notice you can't do it right. Now the. Next part.

I always have people turn around cuz. I don't want you looking at me at my ass when uh we go to the other part of the town right. But because. I don't want anybody tripping over chairs or whatever.

I want you to close your eyes. And now what. I want you to do is remember a time when you saw something you wanted and it didn't quite work out maybe you got a little down a little depressed whatever and. I want you to see what you saw hear what you heard feel what you felt let those feelings come back just a little bit now without changing anything not how you're standing not how you're breathing try to feel good notice you can't do that either now hold on to that bad feeling.

But shift your body back to the. Winner's posture notice what happens oh my fraking. God once you understand this and the ramifications of it know one can push your buttons against your will and keep you there ever again this is. So powerful and.

So pervasive you can do it in a war zone and be significantly more relaxed than if you try to just calm yourself down using your willpower and it doesn't matter what the state is have a seat that's important guys that is that is worth the cost of admission today right. By the way keep eating the chocolate cuz one of the things we're going to talk about today and one of the reasons. I asked about how many people here can feel good for no. Reason is there is a hormone in the body known as oxytocin okay.

Oxytocin is the primary mediator of a of a phenomena we call neuroplasticity neuroplasticity is the the ease and the speed that your nervous system connects one nerve to the other like every every every brain cell that you have is trying to connect with every other brain cell oxytocin speeds that up yes. Are you saying oxytocin increases the rate of rewiring the brain it also increases the scope of it studies are showing that in the presence of oxytocin very very dense neurological connections can be overwritten far faster and far more easily than without the presence of it yes. Don't really have sex yes. The most most it's a great question have more sex abs absolutely amen sister give her an amen and a woman and a anything she wants she nailed it no.

Fun intended does that mean we create oxytocin yes. There's there's four primary ways give or take that you can get large amounts of oxytocin into your system a get pregnant or deliver or deliver right. Deliver that's what fosin yeah pin is actually synthetic yeah um. So you could get pregnant and get help for the contractions because oxytocin also helps to stimulate vaginal contractions or uterine uterine contraction mik sorry my mistake oh.

I know that's a different that's a different class right. However the most oxytocin organically is released during orgasm right. So if you can have multiple intense orgasms in a short period of time you have the the motherload dose of oxytocin that you need we won't be doing that tonight. I do have a class in.

Las. Vegas once a year and. Donna can tell you about it. I heard stories about it she was blonde when she went in refractory yes.

We do refra stays in. Vegas what stays in. Vegas winds up on. YouTube.

Don't kid yourself right. Facebook. Or. YouTube everywhere right.

It was a very fun class there was like 10 or 15 of us. I think and and there were rooms doing hypnosis on either side and we were we were alternating between noise complaints and jealousy cuz everyone in the other rooms who wasn't teaching wanted to be in our room and every teacher teaching in those other rooms wanted to hang me huh it was called sensuality enhancement uh. Erotic. Hypnosis made easy and.

I really had to loosen those up cuz they were all therapists except for one dominatrix who came for the sex she. C stayed in the room she she couldn't she couldn't stay in the room she was also hypers suggestible. So. I zaap somebody in the chair there are some really good.

Clips on the hypnothoughts. Facebook. Page. I did.

I. I don't. I'm very careful about that kind of information that. I release publicly.

I have a massive. YouTube channel you're all welcome to go check it out um. But if you want to visit the. Hypno.

Thoughts page it's primarily for people or hyp. Hypno. Thoughts live page which is the convention page you're all. I.

I highly recommend you go check it out there are some amazing people uh at the. Hypno. Thoughts live convention which our buddy here and and your sponsor for tonight by the way. Mr.

Scott sandin please give him a big round of applause he's providing the room and the air conditioning um we're working on it yeah. I know it's all right. Um. But getting back circling back um this is also a hypnosis training school uh.

I am one of the people who has classes who who gives classes here. But there is a star studded lineup of of very world famous hypnotists and hypnosis trainers who are on staff on faculty here uh at hpti in fact they actually have a free 16-hour introduction to hypnosis course that. I recommend you all just jump into and see if it's something that resonates with you okay. Um.

I get. I don't get anything for that. But if you guys are interested in hypnosis uh. I have a slightly different approach in my.

I have. I run the. San. Diego hypnosis.

Institute and uh what. I what. I teach is called real world hypnosis real world hypnosis which means hypnosis anytime anywhere for for any reason no. Matter what's going on okay.

So. I look. At hypnosis and. NLP and related disciplines as a life skill.

So if the only place. I can use it is in the treatment room. I get really bored really quick because there's too many other great things that you can do it. Maria just survived the real world regression class right.

And. Donna survived the sensuality enhancement class he's been to a couple meetups you've been to a couple meetups. But be that as it may we're not having orgasms tonight unless you pay me lots of money right. If you if you if you we and we do those classes.

I mean trust me. I. I have literally. I have literally seen spider phobias cured through intense multiple orgasms in hypnosis the most oxytocin that is delivered to the system happens during orgasmic climax that's why sometimes we make stupid decisions oh yeah absolutely right.

Um the other way that we can get lots of or uh orgasm lots of orgasm you guys got me in that mode now you've got my emotional refractory period going oh. God right. The the another way that we can get a lot of oxytocin delivered very very quickly into the system is through 20 minutes of intense hugging yeah that's logistically not useful especially in this heat right. Laughter will do it.

So. I will. I will be goosing your reptile brain left and right. I will make all kinds of inappropriate.

Politically. Incorrect jokes designed to shock and and hilari you right. Because the more. I get you to laugh the more oxytocin you release see.

I'm not a motivational speaker. I'm a transformational one my job is to get you change and to teach you how to drive your own bus push your own buttons utilizing the techniques of hypnosis or. NLP. But you don't need to know how to build the bus to drive it right.

If. I can give you a few key elements. So that you can run your nervous system more effectively. Then.

I've done my job okay. Is it useful to not be the slave to any emotional state ever again this means yes. This means no. That's the test okay.

So remember tactically if there's a psychoemotional state that you want more of find the physiology that responds to it you got people who are suicidal depressive change how they stand for. TW for 10 minutes now. I said two i' go for 10 right. Because if.

I go for 10. I'll get the two and their state must change now what you will see how many noticed when you went from the good. Fe the standing in the good way to trying to feel bad how many people notice your body wanted to do this that's the only thing you have to manage consciously when you're utilizing this technique every physiolog or every psycho emotional state that we experience has a corresponding physiology every physiology has a corresponding psycho emotional state it's a loop assume assume the body posture the feeling comes go into the feeling the body changes that's the principle if you go to my. YouTube channel you will see a video.

I teach attraction. I don't teach seduction. I teach attraction both. Law of.

Attraction and man. Toom. Woman to. Woman attraction a lot of my clients are gay who knew right.

Um. But there's a video on. YouTube know. I called speed uh secrets of speed attraction and there's several there are several iterations of it.

But the one. I'm. I'm referencing specifically is called the mating dance there are seven discret body language phases that every human being on the planet goes through every two humans being on beings on the planet go through on the way from being complete stranger to 1+ 1 equal 3 okay. If you understand what you're looking at when two people are interacting you know what stage of the mating dance they're in that's the part.

I release to the public. But there's another side to that it's a little bit more maavalan and. I don't think you guys. I don't think.

I can trust you guys to never use it for someone you're attracted to especially you ladies because. I know that by the way seven five of the seven stages the woman's leading the dance. So guys you don't got to do nothing as long as you pay attention and don't do anything stupid there's only two things you got to do and you'll still screw this up you'll still screw this up okay. I'm going to touch on it no.

Pun intended um and. Then we're going to come back to the other ways to get oxytocin into your system and how it relates to the exercise that we've just done what through five of the seven stages the woman's leading the dance at a key point the man has to has to man up and do something right. And. Then you can go from stranger to intimacy studies are showing in as little as 15 minutes if you match the cues right.

There's also a process called the three magic questions which was designed for women to be used on men to simultaneously generate attraction in them and sort out the good ones from the unique fixer upper opportunities right. You know the ones looking for. Mommy right. So it's a great way to save time the part of that is of course that you will.

Next a lot of lot more men than you say yes. To. But it does simultaneously generate attraction while at the same time causing the guy to give away lots of information he wasn't planning on giving. So you can avoid wasting six months or six weeks of your life on a relationship that goes absolutely nowhere and it works sh send you your money.

Later okay. But here's the thing when you go and you watch that video watch what happens to the woman. I choose as a demo subject she comes up. I don't know her from.

Adam and even though. I'm as we go through each of the stages of the mating dance even though. I'm stopping in the middle of the process explaining things to the audience ladies you'll see this far faster than the guys will she becomes progressively more attracted to me in spite of herself because the principle is this what the body your physiology controls your psychology if. I put your body in a specific configuration you will access the emotional states connected at the neurological level to that body posture get it.

NLP is all about the study of the structure of subjective. Human. Experience how do we create experience inside how does that relate to language how does that relate to everything else that we as a human being experience this is one of those ways and it's going on all the time in plain sight okay. Your brain your nervous system cannot tell the difference between the picture of your hero on the wall and him or her act actually standing there put a picture of your hero or some attractive person on the wall you'll close more sales you'll become more charismatic to whoever you're talking to on the other end of the phone it's called embodied cognition and object relations.

Theory there's two different disciplines okay. These are hacks to your nervous system that you can just put into in the use right. Away right. Coming back to oxytocin there are certain substances in our daily life that are full of oxytocin that if we just consumed enough of them chocolate will in inject higher levels of oxytocin into our system your brain will change every nothing.

I. Do. Is. Random and it's not altruistic.

I don't believe in it my job is to get the chemicals. I need for you to become the person you want to be into your system as rapidly as possible. So you can get the change you came for. So.

I'm going to make you laugh. I'm going to stimulate your reptile brain oo which means. I'm going to talk about sex a lot every now and. Then.

I'll just randomly throw out boobs and see what happened anytime you stimulate somebody at the. Paleo cortex the oldest part of your brain you get a little jolt and about 20 minutes more attention right. Which is what. I need.

I need you to pay attention. I need you awake. I need you interactive in spite of the heat in here right. Your nervous system has a coding system by which it plays those recordings we call them memories.

But there's a structure to your memories now the. First principle the. First myth. I want to debunk hey your memories are not real okay.

There are really there and they are not the events that happen to you your memories are not the events that they're recordings of you guys get that can you wrap your heads around that science has already shown us a your memory is not the thing that happened to you and it changes over time the memories the recordings the movies in your head aren't even the real thing that happened aren't even accurate in terms of what happened. So the question becomes because what happens whenever we we we encounter a situation or c cumstance that is either familiar or unfamiliar the. First thing your nervous system does is it goes back into its past and looks for something similar that happened to you already to figure out what to do. Next.

So the question becomes when it goes back there what's it finding that's what hypnosis and hypnotherapy is about it's about going back and changing the story right. And we can do that very easily. NLP is about going back and changing how how the memory was built in the. First place remember when.

I reached. I had you reach out and grab. I had to touch a point here and. I reach out and touch it okay.

This is in the world according. D we call a sematic bridge. NLP a lot of people when they do. NLP they they just kind of sit in a chair and they move their eyes.

Around right. And that is the weakest way to do this work if you want powerful change really really quick you got to get the body involved you got to get the body involved the biggest part of your unconscious mind is your body. I said that. I hit no.

Thoughts and everybody went o it never occurred to them because even though in hypnosis and hypnotherapy training we say the unconscious mind runs the body well if the body's quiescent in the chair how much of the unconscious mind you really activating right. Your body's like a really big hard drive um anybody here have an ache or a pain all over all over yeah you want to get rid of it no. I got a relationship with it now all right. Is it okay.

To get. Ribbit sure come on come on try what happened. I lupus lupus okay. So when you're dealing with chronic illness there's uh there's some.

I'm going to do a technique you're going to start with the technique that uh we just played with called. Magic. Frame okay. Uh is it okay.

To get rid of this sensation for now sure okay. So remember. I said earlier if you can point to where you feel it you have all the information you need to change it one little caveat when you're doing chronic or there there's a slight difference between an uh some chronic issues and some acute ones okay. What's your name again.

Barry. Barry welcome okay. So point to where the feeling is. I have it in my legs oh all the way down yeah okay.

So close your eyes. Point to where it point to where it starts here excellent as you look. At that feeling. I want you to notice something a on a scale of 0 to 10 how strong is the feeling it's about a six excellent as you look.

At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression it's a red perfect reach into that area grab all that red energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides okay. See they always go back for more you got it all.

M you sure okay. So before we we start to change this what. I'd like to ask you is it okay. To get rid of it yes.

Is there any reason why you might want to keep it. I don't want it okay. As you look. At the color did you notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression the same excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands. I want you to notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning right. Physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was okay.

Now double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change that's right. Notice it's gone now as that new program works its way deeper and deeper into your nervous system it's very common for people to start to sweats to shake for feelings to come up just let that program work its way deeper and deeper into your nervous system as it does any program any belief any limitation that's not in harmony with that new program the body is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software uninstalling don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just let the process happen and when you know it's done try to bring it back and notice what happens instead the pain is going it's gone oh try to bring it back notice what happens can't come back bring. Round of. Applause now the intervention is short scale of.

Z to 10 rate the feelings. I'm sorry scale of 0 to 10 rate the feelings. I feel good just a little shaky still that's all right. You're still processing it's a very quick intervention and when you when you activate the nervous system that way it literally rewinds the entire it start it's not like regression regression you go back to the the point of origin and work forward this starts in the present moment and rewinds backwards.

So it literally changes the neural. Pathways that the when you do that process as quick as it is is that cool would you like to learn how to do that go to my. YouTube channel it doesn't. M at the level of of of information that we're interacting with on that system the body doesn't care what the problem is it doesn't care you will feel feelings come up.

Let it okay. The process is quick or the intervention is quick the processing can take a while you can ask. Glenn anybody who's been to my or or or. Donna or.

Maria you actually you're a chiropractor. I fixed your knees a couple of days ago you want to tell them what happened to you at the training um stand up here some up here. So they can see you have to to do this cuz we're this is where we're going with tonight yes. Um.

I started to. I got into my left. So. I couldn't run anymore.

I gain weight and. So every time. I would fix it. I'm a caropractor and.

I would start running again. But guess what. I get injur again and. So.

I had the what is this like the gift from. David to kind of do the spinning technique and all that she was the demo subject cuz. I. First thing.

I said just like. I who's got a pain and of course. I volun put everything. So he did the technique and um yeah it worked she was testing she's a chiropractor like she's doing this she's jumping down and of course.

I couldn't do yoga and. I started doing the yoga front what the heck are you doing. I said. I want have to make sure that you did it right.

Give her a big round of applause now what she. I didn't know this till the end of the training. But she spent the rest of the day at the hotel taking the stairs and actually all week taking the stairs yeah to see if she could make it come back now this is a very new tech. I got downloaded this technique in 2005.

I had no. Idea what. I had when. I got it.

I have doctors all over the world now utilizing this in in postt trauma treatment centers. ER rooms um because it's faster than drugs and it works on nine out of 10 things actually it works on pretty much everything as long as you can get them to follow the instructions they don't have to believe it you just got to do it okay. I call this pointand click therapy because ladies and gentlemen nobody whe regardless of what you think you know about. NLP or hypnosis or whatever nobody comes to treatment because of a picture in their heads nobody comes to treatment for a voice in their heads although they have them or a bad taste in their mouth or a bad smell they come for therapy or for healing because of the way those things make them feel in.

NLP we have this thing called strategies now in. NLP you have um. I'm going to use my markers cuz every time. I go to another venue and they have markers they always suck you notice.

I move this out of the way because. I have had. I have had and and again you can see this all on. YouTube you don't have to take my word for it.

I have had people come in who had. SC bad scoliosis and and spinal stenosis for 47 years the drugs have stopped working everything has stopped working. I've have point to where you feel it. I do this process they wriggle like a fish on a hook.

For about 5 minutes and it goes away and it doesn't come back chronic herpes outbreaks gone yes. So is it the feeling of it or the actual physical well that's what. I'm going to get into. I don't want to get too technical with it.

I did. I went real in-depth with this both at my. Mastermind uh. Last night and at the 5-day hypnotherapy training.

I run the world's longest ongoing skill development. NLP and hypnosis. Mastermind that exists. I've been running it consistently every day for over 5 years we meet once a month down in.

San. Diego and it's my skill sets my. CC you know my toolbox your applications. I literally go around them kind of like.

I did at the beginning of this. Meetup. I say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. I write them up on the board.

I find the. Connecting. Threads. I generate the lesson plan on the spot and.

Then for the. Next 4 hours eight hours whatever the training session is that day. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep and. Then you go out into the world and you apply them to your life you come back.

Next month and. I'm going to ask you the same thing what do you want to learn what do you want to learn it is not a certification track it is designed to get you the you need being a technical term special ized human influence. Technologies and it's we got some really cool going on in there okay. And it's all in one place.

So our is really together yes. You that for a person that's got uh insomnia yes. Yes. Now we're talking about chronic stuff there is a tweak that sometimes you have to make don't believe me by the way learn the technique and play with it okay.

I use this to generate orgasms on command. I use this to take away. I have five documented cases of a broken heart we literally took. It out spin it put it back in they didn't care about the person anymore the human mechanism the human nervous system is the world's largest most comprehensive.

Advanced holographic fractal information processing. Network that exists short of the planet and the universe your brains your nervous systems are simultaneously literal metaphorical fractal holographic and analogic and depending on how you integrate those different layers of the nervous system is the equivalent to the results that you generate the reason that technique works. So fast and. So deeply on anything is because it mobilizes every single level of the nervous system to one specific outcome utilizing a language the nervous system understands simultaneous.

L the problem that we have with a lot of our interventions. NLP being one of them is that they're developed and and derived from a reductionist way of looking at the world we're going to separate x x from y y from. Z and we're going to focus on that we're going to get specialized true not true true okay. Don't believe me if if if if what.

I'm saying doesn't mesh with your worldview it's okay. To say no. Right. If what.

I tell you and what. I teach you and the way. I teach you resonates with you use it if it doesn't. Chuck it right.

But the system the the meat suit we're walking around in doesn't work that way it's designed around connection it's designed around. Synergy it's designed to work synergistically towards a common outcome and when you find the way to interface all of those levels of the nervous system when. I do that process by the way she was in profound subabul where the was the induction the induction happened the minute. I said you want to get rid of it and.

I said point to where you feel it okay. I won't break it down more than that because you don't need to know all that to make this work everything we experience comes in like from the like it's being downloaded from a. Cloud. Server it comes in.

Through. The. Eyes. It comes in through the ears it comes in through the nose it comes in through the mouth right.

It's the information comes through the senses to the cortex of the brain that processes it the pro those processes work together to create that big picture. I told you about the way the world is based on that sensory information right. Then it funnels it through the way the world's supposed to be all those other filters your beliefs your meta programs your values your memories right. And it creates the way the world's supposed to be not the way the world is the way the world's supposed to be that's the study of.

NLP right. That's when when they say things like the map is not the terrain oh. I hate that. I hate that it's it's it's a sad tragedy that the most advanced communication model on the planet can't adequately describe itself because people hear that the map is not the terrain what the hell does that mean on one level we kind of sort of understand it.

But we really don't get it what it means is just like the information coming in from the outer world is is take is vibratory data that's translated through your senses to the cortex of the brain and a representation is made there is a code that your system uses a langu a programming language for lack of a better word that it uses to create those experiences and. Then once the experience is made it sends it back to a different. Cloud. Server the body and when it's time to bring back that information just like a everybody here knows how a.

Cloud. Server works right. Cuz. I'm not.

I'm not really technical. But basically you have a movie that you or or a short video clip or something that you want to save right. You upload it to the cloud it's not one server it's not one location that thing goes up there and it literally gets pulled apart and scattered all over hundreds and thousands of different locations and. Then when you go to download it from the cloud the system accesses all of those areas and holds the information back and puts it back together does this sound roughly correct.

David. I think. So okay. Guess what guess who had it.

First you did your nervous system this is why in hypnosis somebody comes in with hysterical paralysis their hand stop moving doctors can't find anything we go in as a hypnotist we reprocess. The. Experience remove the emotional charge it goes away. NLP same thing where we missed the boat is we list this idea that we are a.

Cloud. Server our body is a. Cloud. Server the universe is a.

Cloud. Server this is the in. So information comes in we create a movie. Once the information is processed it get dispersed until it's re-trigger the moment it's re-trigger a.

Feeling. Rises up in our body and everything else follows the feeling in the world according to. David we call that a semantic address the feeling is the entry point to all of the data it's the point where all of that data connects intersects and manifests it's also the place where we have the most leverage on it because if. I change it here through the body.

Everything. Changes does that make sense doesn't have to make sense it's the way it works right. Like. I said you don't got to believe it.

But um going going a little bit more what time is it by the way time for the air conditioning time for the air conditioning yeah. I would complain to management you guys having fun with us yeah okay. Cuz now going back to what. I used to do with.

Sleepwalkers uh sleep. Parkers we'd pick a technique or a topic. I. I do the demo.

I do a little bit of explanation. Then we spend the rest of the night just drilling. So. I'm going to give you guys a choice you want me to lecture you want to practice on each other lecture you want me to lecture you don't want to practice all right.

Fine hypnotists are going. I want that are you crazy right. We talk about. NLP is is a very very massive collection of information that doesn't really help us very much my biggest critique of most neural linguistic programmers is that they suck and it's not their fault it's because the methodologies utilize to teach most neural.

Linguistics leave you terrified to make a mistake and a slave to the formula. NLP is an attitude of inquiry a way of asking questions and observing responses that lead to an understanding of how somebody does something inside or outside and it leaves behind behind a trail of techniques cool things that you can do based on what that person did to achieve a certain thing it's not scientific. So anybody who tells you. NLP is scientific kick them in nuts because they're lying to you.

I don't have patience for liars. But one of the things that kind of gets overlooked a lot of times is how do we how does how do we make this practical what for somebody who has no. Hasn't do a. Time energy or effort to to spend eight days out in.

Orlando studying with. Richard bandler or. John grinder right. How can we start to understand this in a practical functional way that that that supports what we just taught you let's look.

At the age-old question what are your thoughts made out of trick question what are your thoughts made out of what are your thoughts made out of memories memories what are your thoughts made out of. I don't know oh sh he asked me yeah. I you've been to mine don't you dare answer experiences experiences what are your thoughts made out vibration vibrations observations observations what are thoughts made out of experiences experiences acception huh per perception that was the closest answer yet wrong all right. All wrong at the most fundamental level your thoughts are built of five things visuals auditories kinesthetics old.

Factor iies and gustor things you see things you hear things you feel things you taste and things you smell when you pull up a memory when you pull up a thought that's what they're made of right. When you communicate a thought the words that come out of your mouth are going to fall into these categories of experience and what they what they teach us is what part of the brain brain you're accessing for that piece of information in other words the brain is kind of anybody here ever work on a on a car with spark plugs okay. You know that that each each each car has a a firing sequence that if if there's there's a certain sequence that those spark plugs have to fire in for something to happen right. And if you get things out of order things don't work that well true not true that's an old metaphor.

But it's the best one. I can come up with right. Now. NLP calls out a syntax by the way the order and sequence of information and what this is really telling us is which cortex of the brain is firing at any given moment to access that data now the order and sequence of that data generates.

Behavior. NLP likes to call that a strategy you have as many strategies as. McDonald sell hamburgers okay. You have a strategy for everything you do consciously and unconsciously follow me you have the the two.

I work with most often that as a hypnotist. I've stole from. NLP. But.

I because. I'm a hypnotist. I don't have to go through 20 steps to achieve a result. I often make a joke to error as human to really complicate things you need a neural linguistic programmer now.

I am a certified trainer in neural. Linguistics under the founder. Dr. Richard bandler.

I'm a master practitioner. I've been doing. NLP for decades okay. I'm an equal opportunity hater right.

NLP is a fabulous discipline. I just wish we'd come into the modern times in terms of how we teach it to people. Okay. Order and sequence of the vog generates behaviors you have a vog sequence for everything that you do follow me.

I'm making a very clear distinction behaviors things your mind and body do externally or internally. However you guys remember when. I had you find that feeling. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture right. Everybody just play with me just bring up that.

Good. Feeling. Again the thing you really want right. Point to where you feel it in your body.

First impression. Reach. Out. And.

Touch the picture trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is notice how big it is grab it shrink it down to half its size tell me what happens to the feeling bringing it back you don't have to keep it there right. And just play with it just make it bigger and smaller and bigger and smaller careful you play with it too much by the way that is a very good exercise to warm up your nervous system to create change okay. If all you did was become like when you were a little kid play pretend point to where you feel it.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the picture and just do this and just pay attention to how the feeling changes your nervous system will start to activate the part of you that's on autopilot will start to say oh you want to know about this here and you'll be able to decide how strongly you want to feel about something or not you see what.

NLP discovered was it wasn't the story of what happened to us that was necessarily the problem it was how we built it and most of us are moving through the world with our systems on autopilot everybody here have a computer how many people have a computer with a desktop like an actual like files and stuff you know what. I mean like you look. At my computer you can't see the desktop because everything is open and. I got files on top you have that little app that has put the little.

Post-it notes if you go to like the old. Windows machine there's a little. Post-It note app where you can just click and posted note comes up you write a little note. I can't see my screen it's all.

Post-it notes right. Right. And some are on top of others right. Here's the thing you need to understand at the level where.

I interacted with with this young lady's system your nervous system treats those. Post-it notes like solid objects it doesn't make the distinction between. Donna being here or a picture of. Donna being here what it cares about is how that representation is built now there's another aspect of this when we reached out and touched picture we found out how big it was we made it small what happened to the feeling for for most of you got smaller right.

I didn't tell you to feel that you figured it out by paying attention that's the secret. I didn't bypass your critical factor which is what they say hypnosis is. I didn't bypass your critical factor. I redirected it which is what.

Richard bandler the founder of. NLP calls. Superior thinking one of the things we tell all of our hypnosis clients all of our hypnosis students is that the unconscious mind holds on to stuff until a time that we can reprocess the experience. But we never do we deny we repress we fight it down.

So how do we do that well one of the ways that we can do that is we can go back into a feeling we can find out how it's built and edit it. CU you have the right. And the authority and the permission and complete control of the editing deck because the things you're carrying around inside of you are not the events that happen to you they're really good recordings that some random son of a over time keeps changing. So the time you get around to changing it if you ever do the recording of the event that you have doesn't even represent the truth of the event that's not me that's not.

NLP that's research that's scientific studies okay. You can probably look. Them up if you really want to. I don't have time.

But my point is though if you are remembering something and it's not making your life better change it you're allowed yes. When's the best time to do. So to do. So really depends on what you're working on right.

Um. I usually change it the moment. I find it unless. I'm like driving or something right.

It's like oh. I got this feeling from when. I right. Not probably not the best idea.

But if you can practice the process and you have the time to do it like the intervention. I did with her right. You hear lupus and everybody goes. I could.

I could literally feel everybody's room sphincter in the house go cuz it's incurable right. Inside curable right. You if anybody does not have not has not read. Louise.

Hay's book. Heal your body and you're a hypnotherapist oh you're missing the boat she's never been wrong everyone every time. I've got somebody in the chair for chronic illness something about illness is resonating in that book. So it really does need to be in your library if you're going to do that kind of work now.

I don't. Rec. I call that a special kind of stupid most of the people come to these meetups they want to fix their own stuff right. A smaller.

Subs segment wants my help fixing their own stuff and. Then there's that blessed group. I call a special kind of stupid who want to go around fixing other people's stuff right. But when.

I had you grab the picture. I had you change the size of the image. I had you change how close it was to your body those are not visual in terms of the big picture they are sub to the modality they are smaller elements or attributes that fall. Within.

These categories. So simple decision tree would be if. I have if. I'm looking at the picture everybody look.

At your picture not that one the other one see some of you went there. I got it right. Is it moving or still. First impression color of black and white that means do it guys some of you are checking your right.

I don't know what picture you're talking about oh you don't know what picture. I'm talking about no. Went to where you feel it. Go your.

First impression by the way don't get hung up on whether you actually see a picture or not just pretend of what oh did you you didn't is there something was there a time in your life when you saw something you wanted that you knew you wanted it you said. I'm going to get it no. Matter what you laid a plan out you went for it and nailed it you never got anything you wanted now. I oh now she right.

So there's a place in your body where the feeling connected to that is right. Point to where you feel it. First impression you're thinking too much go your. First that's right.

Here's the secret to this the nervous system the unconscious mind a always answers. First it never seems like to it never feels like it it's right. It always feels like you're making it up and it's always a little whim instead of a big loud shout when you get those that's how you know it's real that your unconscious mind is generating the response rather than your conscious mind. So and if none of that happens pretend don't ask me why that works.

I will. I could spend an hour explaining it just pretend okay. Like when you were a little kid okay. When we start to change these elements is it black and white is it color is it moving we're changing in the attributes of the experience and to us it's just the color it's just the size it's just the shape consciously to your nervous system it's telling me it's telling the system make it louder make it more intense turn it down change the quality these are the building blocks of the code that the language system utilizes to play that movie when you change these elements these are the building blocks of your internal experience it has not it is not the story of what happened to you when you're watching the movie it's not the story of what you're seeing that's creating the effect it's how that movie is built the soundtrack the size the definition you understand that now here's the really cool part people always know where their is they just don't know they know when you watch somebody talk about their problem you will you therapists might even see this.

I got this thing and it's just this thing is stuck and. I can't get past it right. They don't know where it is consciously unconsciously do cuz their hands went right. To it you ever noticed people can't talk without moving their hands except when lying they could be like this being all aali a minute they go to lie that happens right.

All of the body is engaged when we access a primary experience. So much. So if you have if you have them try to talk about their problem without moving having their hands gestured to the area it's very hard for them to do it right. But they will always tell you the size the shape the direction that's moving and the quadrant of your body that it's being holographically stored in now at the risk of talking people thinking.

I'm talking about the aura. I am not okay. I have more energy healing credentials than. McDonald sells hamburgers okay.

I've been a raiki master since 1992 okay. Back when before raiki was cool right. I've been studying cabala since roughly 90 93 94 before. Madonna even heard of cabala.

So. I'm very much a premadonna. I'm also a certified pronic uh healer pronic psychotherapist. I'm a certified.

DNA. Advanced. DNA. Theta healer.

I'm a certified uh. I'm just certified oh uh what else well obviously you guys know about my my. Oriental medical degree. I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of.

California. I'm a diplomate of. Oriental medicine. I know a little bit about energetics.

I'm also a big proponent of the bangston healing method which if you haven't heard of that bangston. Bankston energy healing method it is the it has been around for 30 years it has the most documented cases clinical trials animal. Trials of curing cancer than any other energy healing modality it is scary how powerful that is it's also one of the easiest ones to learn go to. Amazon and get the energy book.

The energy cure by. Bill bston if you're into energetics highly recommend it okay. But when we're talking about what we're talking about today you could think of it as the aura. But.

I don't think of the aura uh when. I'm talking about this because most energy healers. I've met don't know what the hell they're talking about you start asking them questions about energy this and energy that and they get really transy and really vague really quick what. I will talk about though are two really cool parts of your nervous system one is called your proi receptive nervous system the other is called mirror neurons now if something like psychic abilities did actually exist if six senses were real.

Then it would be your propri receptive nervous system. But it wouldn't just be your six sense it would be your sixth 7eventh 8th 9th and 10th senses probably more than that actually seven senses because there are at least six different types of information that your proprioceptive nervous system monitors on a continuous basis for those you who don't know what. I mean when. I say appropriate exception anybody who ever get drunk and get pulled over not that you'll admit to.

I know it's all right. They ask you to close your eyes. And find your nose right. The part of you that can find your nose with your eyes.

Closed is your apprpriate receptive nervous system if you reach into your pocket you feel something in your pocket the part of you that can identify what's in your pocket without having to look. At it is your propri receptive nervous system it also monitors electromagnetic fields it also monitor here's mechano. Reception not subception and interoception different what's going on inside your body where your body is in time and space and what's around you in time and space your mirror neurons you can also look. These up are the part of you that actually observe the world through the senses and mirror whatever they see or hear or feel if.

I watch this young lady peeling a banana the parts of my brain that would be active if. I was actually peeling the banana will fire the. Research indicates that mirror neurons in our body are the physiological foundation for intuitive communication they are figuring prominently in autism research okay. When you observe somebody your proprioceptive nervous systems interface okay.

Heartmath.org. Next resource the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that is measurable with instruments 8 ft in diameter from the human body it is the single largest rhythmic energetic source that you have it sends more in it has its own nervous system it sends more information to your brain than your brain sends to your heart all right. Now there's a video. I show in one of my trainings where.

I take for that's a video of 41 distinct metronomes all. VI all moving at different rates and within five minutes every single one's moving together this is a law of physics your psychology is is impacted by your physiology your physiology is subject to the law of physics. Therefore. So is your psychology okay.

So when. I talk about the human energy field. I'm not talking about this. G this nebulous energetic.

Cloud around you what. I am talking about is a highly organized information grid now anybody here a geek like me likes uh. Mission. Impossible movies and stuff like that you know my favorite scenes when like.

Tom. Cruz is doing that virtual reality thing and he's moving this or. Tony. Stark and.

Iron. Man exploding those diagrams and doing that moving that around. I. I geek out on that right.

Guess who had it. First your nervous system. CU isn't that what you just did when you reached out and touched that picture and you made it bigger and it got stronger you made it smaller and it went away you threw it behind you it disappeared completely true not true. NLP says that every human being has a code that they run on and that code is unique to that person that's not true what.

I've discovered what. I've through clinical work is that each of us have two sets of code we have our own personal one that we develop over time and a generic one a universal one that's why everybody in this room could take the picture make it bigger or bring it back and put it all the way behind them and it went away remember. I talked about desktops this is what gets cool this is your body on with the right. Being a technical term this is a side view.

So this is the front or your anterior component this is your posterior component everything anterior to your spinal cord is. Active. Desktop and there are degrees of intensity that your nervous system sorts for or utilizes the further away the less the intensity the closer it travels the more intense it gets think of a think of your desktop with all the files open anything that's in front of you when you reach out and touch it is open and running running it's taking up system resources and it's randomly built. So some of them are really freaking close some of them are the same size.

But they're really freaking far away. So they're not as intense you following me one of the reasons that. I. Noti when.

I had you guys making the picture bigger noticing how it feels bring it back to its original size what did. I say right. Before. I told you to pull it closer to your body and remember what.

I said you didn't ask oh yeah. I did. I said was quick. But without changing the size of it pull it closer to your body because when we do our intakes when we do our evaluations what we see more often than not they trace the edges of it and they make it big and the feeling gets stronger for most people and.

Then when they go to pull it closer they do this with their hands they literally balance out the change in size to to match the same intensity and they say it didn't change. I say we'll put it back now pull it closer we do that automatically to maintain the homeostasis of the experience right. This it just coming from observing lots and lots of people. Yeah question sure.

But you said that there was a whole bunch of applications that were open and that they're randomly that they're randomly applied they're just open. So that would be your programming somehow that you got from whoever could be anything any experience you've had and that you're still holding them open and they're still taking energy up and that they can be placed in your system wherever they are and taking up energy they yeah yeah now anything that is posterior to the spinal cord is inactive desktop how many people have how many therapists do we have in room are coaches raise your hands okay. Good if not that's okay. Because you'll hear people say this all the time.

I just can't. I got to put this behind me you ever hear that remember. I said brains are simultaneously fractal holographic analog and literal and metaphorical they're all of them at the same time that's why we can come up with those. Concepts right.

For everything we come up with as a concept we have a part of our brain that that that mediates it it's just the way we're built we can't conceive of anything that's not already inside of us okay. The way this works is when you took. Your picture. I didn't care.

I didn't ask you what it was. I didn't need to know. But when you put that picture behind you and you came a little late. So you might not have gotten that exercise and that's okay.

We can do it. Later okay. You notice the feeling went away if you put it far back some people put it right. On top of their back.

So it's actually part of them right. Now in. NLP we talk about this concept in hypnosis talk about this concept called dissociated versus associated well what you've got here is the. Continuum from.

Associated to dissociated. Associated means it's close to the spine dissociated means it's further away anybody here ever do taxes everybody raise your hand nobody does taxes don't want you. I didn't say did you want to do taxes. I said.

I didn't do it and we have this thing called taxes in the. United. States now. I don't know if if it how it works for you.

But. I know that. I spend years a year accumulating boxes and boxes as that. I had to pay for that's a technical term that's right.

But at a certain time year. I got to take all that and put it on the table and organize it tally it up fill out a form send that form and a check to the. IRS right. And.

Then. I'm done with my taxes for the year right. There's only one problem. I got a big box of stuff here.

I'm not allowed to get rid of anybody have a big box of stuff they're not allow to get rid of it's in the garage it's in the garage. So what do we do with it we find a place where it's out of the way where we can forget about it. But if we need it we can find it that's what your body does with it when you put it behind you when you've gotten past it what your nervous system has literally done is taken the information that was active and running in front and moved it now usually that stuff happens on autopilot. But understanding the concept of being playful absorb pret pretend like when you were a little kid pointing to where you feel it and asking a few simple questions you can gain 100% access to every part of it and change it all you literally have to do hey be playful okay.

Point to where you feel it notice the color. First impression always reach in with both of your hands you got to get the meat involved physically take out you can actually do this if you don't want to stand up and do it we'll do one everybody stand up everybody it's terrified it's not going to work trust me you just play with me okay. But we're not going to do we're not going to do trauma we're just going to feel good is that okay. Sure you sure.

I love to feel good all right. Maybe we should just feel cool yeah would that be good anybody have a time when you're like like absolutely like cooled off and feeling refreshed don't you close your eyes. All right. If you want to do something much more fun go ahead whatever.

I. I just wanted to do cool when you're feeling cool oh you can do that you can do that. I'm good with it whatever it is you want to feel. I don't care what it is it's the same process.

First thing. I do ask people though is that is okay. To feel this way yes. Is there any reason why you might not want to feel this way cool cool no.

Pun intended right. Close your eyes. Stand the way you standing feel the way you're feeling at that moment notice there's a place in your body where that feeling starts look. At it with your inner eyes.

First thing. I want you to ask you on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling just answer it to yourself you don't have to tell me. Then. I want you to look.

At it with your inner eyes. Ladies and gentlemen. I want you to notice something that there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression and.

Then. I want you to reach physically reach in with both of your hands and grab all of that energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides you don't want to miss a single drop of this goodness as you take it out you hold it in your hands in front of you. First. First question did the color change or stay the same.

First impression now whatever it did is perfectly okay. Some people change some people don't as you look. At it. I want you notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning.

First impression that's right. Now physically grab it with both of your hands this is since this is something we want more of. I want you to spin it like a wheel in the direction it's already moving physically spin it double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it just keeps getting better better now as that new program works its way deeper and deeper into your mind deeper and deeper into every level of your nervous system any system any program anything that's running that's not in harmony with this new program the body is going to begin to uninstall it it's going to shed it. Purge it like a snake shedding its skin don't try to measure it don't try to manage it don't try to analyze it don't even try to make it go faster just observe the change happening and when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead when you know you've got it notice how good you feel open your eyes.

Take a look. Around pretty cool huh and you're only going to get better what' you notice yeah you come out come out of trans good right. Some people when these things start to happen you'll when you do this therapeutically they they have convulsions they're like and you got to hold that space for them you got to let them know whatever they're doing with. However their nervous system is responding to that in input is okay.

I've had people yawn sweat burp belch nobody's vomited yet. But they've come close because when the nervous when this information hits the nervous system it's encoded in the precise language the nervous system understands it's engaged every single level of the. Mind and. Body you have your cortex is interfacing with your propri reception you have your external senses interfacing with your internal senses you have your hands which have more more take up more real estate in the brain than any other part of you except for maybe your vagina lips or you're oh no.

I'm sorry you're sphincter. I got corrected on that at my hypnosis training because. I had a surgical tech uh say he just corrected me and. Then.

I felt stupid. But. Anyway um. But you didn't.

But all of you all of you is active your brain's lighting up like a. Christmas tree. But everything thing every part understands the other part it's deep trance through neurological absorption what' you feel try to turn it off notice what happens can't do it what the hell you mean you can install something good and not turn be able to turn it off which you means you're stuck feeling good for the rest of your life well that's a suck deal now here's the best part the nervous system doesn't care what the problem is if you can point to it you can change it the process is very very simple point to it get your. Meats suit involved right.

Look. At. First time. I did this.

I didn't know what. I had this is the. First the. First time.

I ever shrank a tumor. I did it using this process and. I've shrunk several tumors. Now using it okay.

Point to where you feel it look. At it now look. At it with your inner eyes. It means close your physical eyes.

Notice there's a color connected to the feeling what's the color. First impression always go with your. First impression when dealing with the human nervous system the body. AKA nervous system always answers.

First and it always answers honestly it will feel like you're making it up it will always feel like you're making it up okay. Once you have that look. Inside notice the color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression physically reach in this is where play acting like when you were a little kid that's what's important physically reach in grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that does hide.

I've literally had try to run away right. We have stuff for that right. Take it out and they'll see you'll see when you work with clients with this they'll literally they'll take it out and they'll like this you say make sure you get it all they go and they'll always go back and find more and when you know you've got it hold it in your hands in front of you did the color change or stay the same. First impression doesn't matter what they answer both work as you look.

At it. I want you to notice it's moving that yawning is a good sign okay. Notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning. First impression whatever.

Direction they give you is fine if it's something you want more of have them physically grab it spin it like a wheel in the direction it's already moving keep doubling the spin doubling the speed doubling the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it important slam it back into the same spot make a cool sound notice the change notice it's gone. Then you just hold the space for them if you're working with a client hold a space for yourself if it's you be prepared for whatever comes up sometimes it's nothing sometimes you're shaking the bed like. You're. Something.

Out of. The. Exorcist that's what happens when. I do.

I just break the house. But you hold that space for them and you got to let them know whatever comes up don't try to measure it don't try to manage it don't try to analyze it don't try to make it happen faster just pay attention to the process happening when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens in instead and you'll get one of three responses actually. Four. First one they try to bring it back the old stuff and the new feeling gets stronger they try to bring the old feeling back and they can't they try to bring the old feeling back are you telling them to try and bring the old feeling back they look.

At you get pissed off and go. I don't want it back that's funny. But it's true mhm right. You've seen it mhm there is one other thing that could happen is the feeling diminishes the old feeling diminishes dramatically.

But there's still a tiny bit left you know what you do do it again because that's how your nervous system works on very rare occasions you will get it to a specific point it'll drop from like a six to a two or one and it'll stay there on the rare occasions when that happens what you're dealing with is the protective mechanism of the unconscious mind there are certain times in our life certain events and situations in our life that have a specific lesson. Dain attached to them and the way the unconscious mind is perceiving that is if he forgets this feeling or she forgets this feeling she'll lose the lesson and it'll happen again that's that's what the unconscious mind is doing most of your residual pain after an injury isn't real pain in the sense that there's something wrong it's a reminder generated by unconscious mind not to reinjure it again and um for most of us you need a very specific process to extract that lesson. So the nervous system is willing to let the rest go right. It starts with that framing deal uh drill.

I started the night with right. So for most of you what you've got tonight is already a headful of stuff right. So what time is it 9:20 okay. So here's what we're going to do everybody have a seat real quick we are going to take a break and some of you will make for the door and.

I don't blame you. But. I am scheduled till 10: here tonight. Then.

I'm going to drive back to. San. Diego. I want to thank.

First of all thank you all for coming out did you guys have fun. So far cool all. I ask and if and we'll work on getting the again we we're doing a we have a bunch more venues that we've opened and what we've discovered is that every new venue we've gone into the. AC is on a timer and shuts off at the wrong freaking time.

So we're trying to get those resolved we uh we hold our meetups in. San. Diego uh every the. Second and.

Third fourth. Monday of every month or. Third. Monday of every month no.

Second and fourth uh if you if you find yourself in. San. Diego we're at the myamar pyramid. I teach this in a pyramid how cool is that right.

On. Miramar. Road. So come on down we have over almost over a thousand close to a thousand members in our.

San. Diego meetup group and we average about 60 to 100 people every night this is our. First group in. Orange.

County. So if you had a good time tonight learned something cool. I want you to practice three times with three different people before you go home. So you own this neurologically whenever you're training you should make a concerted effort to do whatever technique they're showing you three times minimum in a short period of time if you do that you will own the techniques if you only do it once you will own it from the time it takes to get from your car or from here to your car and by by the time you get home most of it will be gone.

But neurologically when we can do something at least three times we own it okay. This is observation from training a lot of freaking people over a long time now everybody who came out tonight you'll notice that there are some business cards on your chair there are two or should be everybody who came out tonight and put up with this heat and my ranting and raving like a wild man. I want to give you all a gift now my my rates are 175 an hour down and it's an hourly rate not a session rate. So if you're because.

I've been in session with people as long as six and a half hours when the. Hood's up. I'm. Relentless.

I fix the car he'll tell you when. I'm with you. I'm with you right. Now not everybody here has something.

But that's cool it doesn't matter what. I want to give you guys because you came out tonight because you supported hpti who was generous enough to give this space to us and these guys are amazing they've been my friends for decades and they really deserve a big round of applause for for coming outon. So give them a big round of applause they're amazing they're amazing here we just can't fit into the room. So they're amazing practitioners they're amazing experts at what they do uh what.

I do is for all the people who come out to my meetings. I give everybody who comes a free 30- minute consultation with me it's literally 30 minutes with. David ask me anything you want uh normally what. I do all perspective clients people who have stuff that they might want my help with.

I'm going to run you through a little bit of a screening process to determine if what. I do is a fit for your problem or if what you if your problems fit for my what. I do if it is. I'll tell you if it isn't.

I'll tell you that too and. I'll point you at another resource that. I think might be a better fit. I don't want to waste your time on money and.

I don't want to waste mine over half my clients are international through. Skype and things like that. So you don't have to haul your cookies down to. San.

Diego. I've talked to the folks here at hpti who are extraordinarily competent and if you guys want to move forward with any kind of help they are willing to open their doors and and uh and work with you at whatever level you feel comfortable with. But my gift to you tonight anybody who came out gets a free 30-minute consultation. I don't have a lot of time slots left cuz we're expanding and we're growing.

But if you want to hang out with me for talk to me for 30 minutes all you got to do it's very simple take the pen and the and one of the business cards fill out your contact information legibly please legibly a phone number an email and your name. So. I can understand it and read it pass those to the side one side of the room. I.

I'll have somebody collect them my staff will be uh in touch to to confirm your consultation if. I can help you. I'll tell you if. I can't if you are a therapist or a coach and you want to ask me about the technique we've learned tonight or something else practice building.

I. I run one of the world's the longest running uh. Mastermind mentoring program it's a it's an extension of our original. Sleepwalkers program we just brought people in we just rolled up our sleeves and we just drilled you on stuff until you could just do it in your sleep for those of you who looking for that kind of an opportunity.

I invite you to check us out at. NLP power.com. I'll put that on the board um where's my. Eraser we have a massive.

YouTube channel uh where all the techniques that we covered tonight are also available name. NLP power. the. YouTube channel or my my website the. YouTube channel.

YouTube channel if you just type in uh. David. Snider on. YouTube.

I'll infest your blous are like nobody's business. But uh. I think it's actually under. San.

Diego karate cuz. I made a mistake when. I was creating my. URL and.

So now. I've got all these. NLP and hypnosis and attraction videos and. Law of.

Attraction videos with with a karate. URL it's very. I do have some martial arts videos on there too right. Um.

But. So you can go to. David. Snider at.

YouTube you can also go to. NLP power we have tons of videos also embedded on the site. So you can watch all those they're completely free okay. Most of the things most of the time when we video meet up by the way is it okay.

For you to be on film sure okay. This one will also be on. YouTube okay. I don't do anything for free although.

I'm giving it away for free my payback is. I. I will. I will.

I will bring you up and. I will help you fix your problem or whatever it is as long as you let me use it to show other people what's possible because that is my goal my goal has two is is uh one mission in two parts to end as much suffering as humanly possible can. I ask you a quick question one okay. And to show you what is possible to do that.

I got to be will. I got to be able to do it and. I need to be able to do it on demand now you may ask. So the.

NLP that we did tonight as you did on me is that something that just works once and we're done or do you have to continue it depends and and that's kind of. The. Tweak. I was mentioning that there for chronic illness there's a little bit of a tweak and.

I found this. I found this out by accident again most of my best stuff comes by accident when. I was dealing with cancer right. And the origin story of this spinning technique is is is epic in and of itself.

But the. First time. I actually shrunk a tumor. I didn't know i' shrunk it because.

I didn't know what. I was going to. I didn't know what. I was going to it was going to happen um.

I was at an. NLP training with the with. Dr. Richard bandler and it was during one of the breaks and.

I had told one of my associates. James. C2 how. I got stuck in.

China most toxic place on the planet. Chinese. Cancer. Ward don't go there okay.

It's horri um. But uh my wife is. Chinese she grew up in mainland. China and she has a massive family big family and one of her her favorite anunt have been diagnosed with terminal cancer and.

I wound up out there. I'm going to. I'm going to give you the reader diges version because this isn't the story. I want to tell.

I wound up out there and. I thought she was going to do all the treating she's the acupunctur she's the chiropractor she had the. PHD in. Biochemistry before she started chiropractic school okay.

So. I thought well. I'll just be there for support now you ever see a somebody a loved one who's you know all tough and strong until they actually get in the and you realize oh okay. Things are going to be different now well.

I got there we walked in she took. One look. At her ant and. I knew she wasn't doing any treatment and everybody started looking at me.

So here. I am a regression therapist in. China the only way. I know to treat cancer is for what.

I learned from. Steven. Park. Hill uh who was famous for treating terminal cancer.

So if you haven't studied his work get it okay. Start with his book. Answer cancer and. Then if you can get the video course uh healing the body using the mind it's.

Worth. Omni hypnosis yeah. Omni sells it and it's worth its weight and gold because not only does. Steven put cban in his place oh.

I didn't say that out loud um um. But um he explains how he works with it and. Then he actually added at the end of the video several client sessions of him actually doing this work for chronic asthma he he demos the work on an actual patient and he shows like three or four sessions. So honestly even though you think you know regression and things like that.

I pulled things out of that training that have stood me stood the test of time with everything from from rape to cancer to. Multiple. Sclerosis. I had one of my students literally came to my real whole identity by.

Design training uh was terrified of regression cuz the person who did it to her screwed it up and almost didn't come to the training because she was terrified of regression saw me do it and asked me to fix it for her she went back to milwauke and there was nobody else to do this work she cured her husband's prostate cancer within week within months after coming from the training okay. The works okay. But you got to be willing to shovel some serious to do it and there's some tweaks that you need to understand getting back to this. I looked at my wife.

I say oh boy here. I am. I don't speak the language the only thing. I know to treat cancer is regression which you have to be able to talk to the person to do and there was no.

Way in hell. I was going to do an affc. Bridge or an abreactive induction through an interpreter okay. No.

Way. I was like what the hell am. I going to do and two things popped into my head a technique known as the gry room and the spinning technique you saw tonight and that. I could do through an interpreter now.

I'd like to say we saved her we did not. But she got progressively better for the entire week we were there every time an organ wanted to shut down we turned it back on she had tacac cardia we spun it it went away she had shortness of breath we spun it it went away okay. Aites took. A little longer.

But every uh fluid in the parac cardium we we diminished it just turned it off turned it literally just turned it around okay. The technique you're learning was honed on physical illness and it works equally well on emotional illness. The. Tweak and that's the story.

I told my friend. James. C2 yes. When he said put it back in the body.

Then yep is that. I mean if you're shrinking it spinning it and why are you putting it back in the body because your nervous system at its most fundamental. Primal level is a binary system and what. I mean by that it goes back to a.

TCM. Theory called. The. Law of.

Yin and yangong when your body creates something the law of. Yin and yangong oh we just had an epiphany in the back of the room. I saw it right. The law of yyong says.

Yin cannot exist without. Yong yangong cannot exist without. Yin which by definition if we extend it to the nervous system your nervous system cannot create a direction for pain without. Auto automatically creating the code for its opposite at the most fundamental.

Primal basic nuts and bolts level that's how it works. So if. I can elicit the coding system for a specific effect. I automatically know what to change to get its opposite if.

I put it back in the system will run the new program and the goes away yes. I have two questions one is um can we do it on ourselves yes. Okay. And.

Then two uh what was the name of that book. That you said that be in our library oh uh heal the body by. Louise. Haye and.

Then answer cancer by. Steven. Park. Hill.

I've had a few people not want to put it back in and it still works all right. But believe me when. I say nature abhor a vacuum and once you change the code the system runs the code just as easily as it ran a bad one it doesn't care at the level that we're interacting with the nervous system it does not care unless there's a lesson connected to that feeling or experience that if it were gone the system would be in more danger preserve that and it will just dump everything yeah. So it's not a lesson.

Like. A. Life. Lesson it's something that needs to be expressed and retained everything that we do is the people who wind up in your chair for therapy are there because of something they're refusing to accept or.

Express on a on a. Content level if you want to really talk about a lot of times when. NLP doesn't work and. I have watched it clinically.

I have watched people systematically reverse the. NLP process. I've just done on them yes. Did you raise your hand or would you okay.

Um. So yes. So. I'm very new to this.

So kind of put back in what she was saying about putting it back. So what was. Then the exercise of putting it behind you because many times when we extract a lesson there's an internal representation that we need to refile right. So in the magic frame which.

I don't have time to cover. But. I'm kind of trying to close all these. Loops.

So we can actually practice if you want to practice most of you will just run for the door. I know that. I've been doing this long enough right. Because it's easy to sit and listen and think you know it that's your neocortex trying to convince you that because you understand something and you've had a cognitive learning experience that you can actually do it right.

Trust me. I've been doing this long enough you don't know this until you do it right. And it will work traumatically well for you not traumatically dramatically right. Both right.

Um it will work for you because you're a human being with a pulse okay. I've tested this all over the world. I have thousands of people doing this from a video who don't have the level of instruction you've just had in it okay. That being said um.

I kind of went off on a tangent um what was it what was the question again the the difference okay. When you when you find you start by pointing to the feeling we call that the sematic address it doesn't matter who you are it doesn't matter what the problem is you can always point to where it hurts and that's all we need because that's the entry point to the experience that's the entry point to the whole complex and it be an emotional feeling doesn't matter or it can be a physical pain or as far as your nervous system concerned it's the same no. I'm. I'm it goes it's ambidextrous.

ACDC right. I was wondering if. I was going to get that one right. Physically point to it reach out and touch it trace the edges of it with both your hand oh didn't we do this now you guys are probably too young to remember when televisions had like literal dials and knobs and switches right.

Here's how you do this okay. You don't have to do this tonight. But this is if you watch my. YouTube videos you'll see me often times before.

I know. I'm going to spin something you'll see me do this process and it's to clear and remove anything that might get in the way of the spin it's kind of a preemptive measure trace the edges of it with both of your hands put a big thick black frame around it just like you would around a movie screen right. Find the knob that controls the contrast and have them physically turn the knob all the way to the right. Until the image whites out completely notice how it makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice it makes you feel decide which one you like better right.

If you like it black leave it black if you like the white turn it all the way to the white. Then in your dominant hand the index finger of your dominant hand imagine it's a stylus or a sharp big glowing. Sharpie magic marker. I don't care and across that screen write everything this experience had to teach you.

So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go now this is where it gets really cool because they don't have to know what the they're writing what's important is that the nervous system is is now has the ability to process and express the event and you'll literally see this you start doing this really really deep you'll see him start writing here and also they'll start like automatic writing almost and. Then the other hand will start and they won't have any clue what they're writing it doesn't matter remember this no. Matter what you think your nervous system always knows it knows where the problem is it knows where to go it knows where it knows where all the information is stored you the big myth that we have in therapy and especially with this work is that we have to know consciously what the problem is we don't in in a lot of our regression therapy we take the you know we take an awareness back to the problem and we think we need to know it we don't for a lot of the stuff that's bothering us that we're carrying around below the threshold of conscious awareness we don't need to know consciously because there's a part of us that always knows because in order for us to have that experience it has to access it the system you the part you're dealing with is the part to put it there in the. First place.

So it knows where all the skeletons are buried no. Pun intended. So when you see that screen you just let them write till and the key phrase is write the lessons. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and when you know it's done try to bring it back notice what bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead when they signal or you signal that they can't bring it back or it's done shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it up over their head and nail it behind them in the same place you put your taxes.

Then spin it more often than not you won't need to spin it though because that'll nuke it in fact that's what. I did with you yeah she came up to get spun and. I magic framed her knees and it hasn't come back now. I did not learn that that that.

I'm. I. I there's a technique that that there's a previous technique created by another hypnotist that my technique is based on it is not the same technique and the realization. I had was that the nervous system doesn't care if it's an emotional pain or an actual physical pain it will process it all the same way and.

Then. I discovered the concept of embodied cognition that's. Neuroscience how many people know what embodied cognition is go look. It up embodied cognition is this idea that if let's say that if.

I if. I gave you we're in a pretty warm room. So you aside from the fact you're a little uncomfortable from the heat you're actually feeling quite warm towards me what embodied cognition studies discovered is that if. I want somebody to have warm feelings towards me.

I will increase that perception if. I give them a warm drink to hold because the part of your brain that processes subjective warmth and temperature warmth are the same if. I want you to think coldly towards me. I'll give you a cold drink to hold if.

I want you to feel comfortable with me. I'll put a cushion on your chair and you will feel more emotionally comfortable with me if. I put you in a hard chair guess what they did another study my one of my students called called on me when. I told him this.

But he wrote down the notes he went and he. Googled embodied cognition he emails me a freaking massive novel of an email where he he found another study on embodied cognition they took. A bunch of random human beings dressed them up as pilots and put them on an airplane they they they measured their visual. Acuity before they dressed them up and measured their visual.

Acuity after they dressed them up as. Pilots their visuality went up an average of 20 points the parts of your brain and nervous system that process subjective or external are the same ones that process the objective. So at the level we're interacting at it's all just data and once we understand how that data is encoded which the nervous system is always projecting we know exactly how to begin and what to do to change it that's userfriendly. NLP and it's hypnosis and it's a whole lot of other.

But you don't need to know any of it why point to where you feel it you had a good time absolutely please post to the. Meetup good things if you didn't have a good time please post to somebody else's please eat as much of chocolate and drink as much water as humanly possible find at least three people who have something they want more of or something they want less of spin it feel good we'll see you. Next month same bat. Time same bat.

Channel and hopefully a cooler. Batcave just hand them just hand them to me use the gr room all the time man cool man awesome thank you thank you pleasure sorry about that everybody thank you. So much my pleasure and by the way if you guys are interested in getting started on one of the most comprehensive hypnotherapy certification programs on the planet uh hpti offers a free 16-hour intro to hypnosis and they have a 700 hour hypnosis curriculum they will prepare you for just about anything except me just question ma'am um what what. I'm talking about about the.

Stepney is for a family member who doesn't live here. But that person is coming during my um. Christmas time okay. So how how does it work does it does it help.

I mean that person is like 32. So it's not there's they were they born with the stutter no. Okay. They started stuttering.

So here's the tweak. I didn't. I didn't get for the camera. I'll leave.

I have the camera running. So. I'm just going to. I'll just say it here come here can you.

Donna can you move over a little bit because. I want to get this. I want to close this. Loop for the people who watch this.

So when you're doing chronic illness all right. Point to where you feel it right. So let's say that's a tumor in this case it could be a stutter. But it would look.

It would work that's not my. I know that. But. I'm going to use you as the way it would work is when.

I worked when. I fixed the guy's tumor and. I didn't know. I'd fixed it at the time.

I found out a couple weeks. Later okay. Uh my friend. James had told me uh.

I told my friend. James about my experiences in. Canada or in. China he told his friend.

Gus because. Gus had told him he had a problem with tumor oh go see. David he'll fix it. I'm in the middle of a.

Lobby in a hotel and. I'm supposed to do. I'm supposed to fix the guy's cancer because the guy literally comes up he goes hide. I'm.

I'm. Gus. James tell me you could fix my cancer. I'm like what and.

So. I'm saying okay. Here. I go well this worked.

Last time let's try this right. So. I said okay. So point to where you feel it and they he pointed a little lower cuz he was prostate cancer and.

I said well. I looked at him and. I said well that's not the problem am. I going the tumor is just a symptom there's a reason the tumor is there and there's a feeling connected to that.

Reon reason point to where you feel that reason and he pointed to a completely different spot oh. I said close your eyes. And point to it look. At it look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression he reached in he grabbed he says red which is almost always red red or black he said make sure you get it all sometimes that hides right. He says did the color change or stay the same he goes it's the same said grab it make it the opposite of what it was spin it like a wheel double the spin double the speed double.

Force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot he slammed it back into that spot. I clapped him on the spot and. I did the little swipe that you saw me do with you he broke out into sweat he started convulsing for about a minute or. So his face got beat red he came out of it and he was a completely different person because he was very angry oh wow and when he we he unpacked the anger and.

I was that was we went back and the session was the break was ending. I said okay. You're done. I like doded the bullet gave him an experience he's going to think.

I did something was your angry. Personality yeah he was very he was had he had a lot of internal internal rage oh. Anger from the cancer no. Anger almost anger and bitterness almost always precede cancer is there's no.

Such thing as an emotionally healthy cancer patient okay. No. Such thing okay. Wow and that's what a lot of the work that.

I do is about cracking that shell yeah right. So. I didn't think anything of it right. Two weeks.

Later. I get a message on. Facebook. He sends me his tumor readings and.

I didn't know what the hell they were. CU. I don't. I don't understand those.

I'm an oriental medical practitioner right. So. I had to go to my uh. I had to go to my my student who's a trained to be a surgical tech.

I said yeah he says his. Schumer shrunk by 50% and these are the markers he went dude that's massive cuz. I think it was like a four plus or something and it went down to like a two plus or something like five minute intervention right. I had another one that.

I did on. Skype guy had two cancer spread all over his body that was this is a funny one actually he actually uh it was. Rec he was recommended to me one his daughter came to my. Los.

Angeles meet up where. I had it at the. IHOP and. I was talking about these cancer things is well could could you talk to my dad my dad's got this cancer and you know he nothing seems to work and.

I said well. I'll talk to him uh and. I said cuz. I can't guarantee.

I'm going to be able to help you this is. I mean. I can't make those kind of promises. But we s we.

W up setting up. Skype sessions and the. Last couple sessions he had this one tumor that was in his shoulder this is freaky. I mean this is this is freaky um and.

I said point to where you feel it. I said on a scale of0 to 10 how intense is it how big is it he goes an eight. I okay. Close your eyes.

Look. At it notice the color he says it's red or something. I can't remember he reaches in he grabs it all he takes out he spins it say slam it back in. I'm doing this over.

Skype now says notice the change notice it's gone and we go through that little shedding process right. I said now on a scale of 0 to 10 what is it he goes he's got a little weird look. On his face he starts looking six right. We take it out hold it in your hands grab it all make sure you get it all sometimes that hides right.

He spins it slams it back in processes. I said scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of it he goes and he's getting visibly nervous now it's like he's getting freaked out and they will by the way he goes four um and he's he's you can see you can see it building in him reach in grab what's left take it out hold it in your hands in front of it spin it put it back in went to a two now he's visibly scared. I left it there cuz. I didn't know what was going to happen if we went we went for it right.

And it stayed gone for over two weeks came back for his. Last session and it was like back up to a six or eight or something like that and we and. I was relentless this time and. I spun it all the way to a zero and by the time he gets to two he's.

Vis he's physically looking for it he can't find it well you're in a good position. I should have. I started doing screen capture video now when. I do sessions.

I should. I wish. I'd had it going. Then because it was just it was just weird and he's self-reporting.

I can't find it he can't find a damn thing right. Uh it was the. Last session on his five session package. So.

But we spun it to zero we we did some other things to make sure that it was handled and. I haven't heard back from it right. And that's that's just one very cool story that happened like two or three years ago we've had. I got stuff.

I got if you would go to some of the. Hypno. Thought stuff like uh. Antonio spun his kidney stones oh we did we did he was having massive he was passing a kidney stone he was in massive pain no.

Idea he took. It out spun it the pain went away he passed the stone you passed the stone and quit smoking awesome. I no. Well it works if you're.

Relentless okay. You got to be relentless and you got to ask the right. Questions we didn't get into. Parkinson's what.

I've noticed with. Parkinson's is the amount of. Tremors that they have is almost always directly related the amount of stress they have you start to put somebody into a deep relaxation. State their.

Parkinson's diminishes. I've cured o. I won't say. I cured it.

But damn close. I've cured a case of. Asbergers wow remember. I said people come in with default settings on their nervous system autistic people and and.

Asbergers people have intense experiences which means when you actually elicit the where they've stored the information it's it's always this big and it's always this close. So they're in a constant state of overwhelm. So if you teach them to move the representation they calm down their nervous system isn't overwhelmed by the volume setting anymore and they can process and he also had social phobia social anxiety. So.

I said point to where you feel it he took. It out he spun it he put it back in it went away just to be sure at the. Last meet up he came to. I made him stand up and talk about himself and he did just go to.

YouTube there's all kinds of on there right. But do this at least three times before you go home. So you have it. So you said that um you cannot use certain techniques on give it to me give it to me thank you sweetie uh through translators um as long as you can get them to follow the instructions and one of the things you got to make sure is that they're actually following the instructions because a lot of times what'll happen is you'll see him like half-assing it and you got to call them on that this works because you follow the instructions and all you're engaged in the process now.

I've had people who didn't believe it at. First and. Then the longer they spun it the more their nervous system engaged and just blew through the critical factor which is what happens the more the body you get involved the more powerfully you override the critical. Factor that's trying to disbelieve it or trying to analyze it that's why the body is.

So important you got to get the body involved you got to get the meat involved okay. Um. I got. I could go on.

I mean. I have. I have an. AR.

I have an archive of stories that. I'm getting from people not that. I didn't do they just one person cured their kids's math phobia with the spin kid had severe math phobia every time she went to take a math test she failed she froze everything. So not only did they spin the phobia they spun it.

So that uh she was more confident when she took. Her math test she went in the. Next day. AC the math test right.

It doesn't matter what the problem is if you can point to it now sometimes they can't point to it which is kind of cool many times what happen is there's an actual extra layer of dissociation. So like you'll ask them to point to where they feel it and they'll point out here. So here's how you fix it cuz. I got tired of run into that you have them grab it put it back in their bodies and.

Then pull it back out that reconnects the image and you can actually work with it again right. Just little stuff yes. Sir no. I just want to give you this and thank you my pleasure was a great.

I hope we'll see you again yeah yeah how you feel how's your hip good that's my legs yeah feel fine. But. I want to keep going with it. I okay.

Well just keep pointing to it yes. Now the. Again. The.

Tweak for chronic illness again is the pain the pain or the tumor or the manifestation whatever it is is a symptom it's not the problem right. There's a reason the problem is there or the reason the symptom is there and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where that reason lives and they will almost always point to a different place prob right. I had one lady had a chronic skin. P skin picking she always felt like there was something on her skin that had to come off and she tried to spin it and spin it and spin it and it would go away.

But it would come back and. I was doing a consult with her and. I was just feeling cocky. I was feeling cocky.

But. I just knew she was going to be a while before she she could actually do something. I could see she was in distress and she was doing it mostly right. She just missed that one tweak and.

I said to her. I said you're spinning the wrong thing she goes what. CU yeah this the skin picking isn't the problem it's the symptom there's a reason you're picking your skin and there's a feeling connected to that reason point to where you feel it and she pointed to her arm she went what. I said that's all right.

She she couldn't believe where she pointed to take it out and spin it how' you know it was the arm she pointed to it oh. First impression yeah always. First impression it'll always feel like you're making it up it won't make any sense won't doesn't have to make sense you just got to do it she took. It out she spun it and for the.

Next 5 minutes she sweat bullets she was convulsing she was twitching her eyes. Rolled back in her head as far as. I know the skin picking hasn't come back you'll get a lot of times you'll get that neurological reset right. And you got to let them know to expect that not to try and stuff it down because their.

First instinct the minute the feelings start to come up is they want to stuff it back down they want to try to manage it you can't you got to let the system. Express and process. I want to. I want to this is not going to happen yeah you got to let them know what you're feeling is okay.

What your as a new program works its way deeper and deeper into the system you're going to feel some people convulsed some people cough some people yawn some people break out into sweat. However your system does it just let the process happen don't try to measure it don't try to manage it don't try to analyze it just pay attention to the process happening when you know it's done try to bring it back no. This what happens instead and. I use a lot of metaphors for purging and uninstalling like a computer uninstalling old software like a snake shedding its skin anything that's not in harmony with the new program the body's going to shed right.

It's going to do that right. But the fact that you verbalized it lets them know it's supposed to happen they're not in chaos and they're far more likely to ride the experience out and. Then you give them the magic phrase when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back or try to turn it off and notice what happens instead the minute they say they can't they're done you yeah. I cured.

I cured a plane phobia in 90 seconds it be stored in the. B always everything that bothers you is in your body everything that's why you respond the way you do behavior is an expression of a feeling you're trying to deal with if it came out like in sixth grade somebody's got. But like. Behavior they're they know they trace it back you go back and you that and that will help you could yeah there's a lot of things that you can do with this.

I have scratched the surface of a very very deep rabbit hole with what. I do with it okay. But it is a it is it is a game changer. But you do it from the present you don't have to go back and do it from the past if you can point to where you feel it in the body you have everything you need to begin changing it there in fact.

I call this inverse regression because in regression we springboard back to the initial sensitizing event and work forward right. This starts in the present moment and spirals backwards both way. So and. I.

I often do. I often do spinning within a regression col where all literally have younger versions teach other versions to spin through their timeline okay. But start with the basic technique and go out into your clinic and just start testing it don't believe a that. I told you just watch some of my videos on.

YouTube two where. I. I got walk three people through the process if you've done your three reps and and validated the results you have everything you need you're only going to get better tonight's going to be the worst you'll ever be at it right. I do have a question for you.

I tried to do it already and are there two separate ones one is spinning and one is like the. TV. KN yep that's that's called. Magic.

Frame oh. So there two separate they're two separate techniques. I. Tri to the.

I often use them in tandem or in sequence with each other. But they are two. Standalone techniques yeah thank you can you watch us make sure we're doing sure okay. We want to get this down okay.

So please show me where your pain is what color is your pain and earlier was red now it's kind of black that's okay. And what number on the scale is your pain no. Four okay. Grab all the pain you have okay.

Little. Okay. Just grab it go ahead pull it out. I'll.

I'll give you feedback in a minute now do you have it all make sure make sure you have it all okay. Now which dire is it spinning now spin it the opp spin it the opposite way opposite physically grab it with both of your hands make it the opposite of what it was opposite now double yep now spin it like a wheel double the spin double the speed double the force pushing because. I don't push him he's going to stand right. Here till keep going until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know it's impossible for it to go back the way it does back in notice the change notice it's gone notice as the program works its way deeper and deeper into the nervous system any program any belief any memory that's not in harmony with this new program the body is going to be sh in the shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by the new software don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just observe the process taking place and when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead instead it's not there scale of 0 to 10 take the feelings not that oh.

I guess you're done you have to have all those extra words well there's certain processes that you want there's you'll notice that there's certain phraseologies that. I go back to the. First thing we do the only time we ever and this is one of the few times where you're actually doing exactly what hypnotherapy tells you not to do point to the pain you're saying the word pain. I want them focused on the pain okay.

Because. I want every part of them zeroing in on that spot. I want every level of their nervous system zeroed in and. Then what.

I do as you look. Inside notice there's a color connected to that feeling. So you do tell them to focus to point to absolutely absolutely and. Then you transition notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression pain feeling pain color yeah and. Then you take out the color spin it notice it's spinning in a certain direction do you guys are you guys familiar with uh awareness verbs awareness verbs even. I was okay. Are you have any background in.

NLP at all. I know. I did okay. When you go do your when you go into your aronian languaging look.

Up awareness verbs awareness verbs and and you want to use as many awareness verbs as humanly possible okay. And if you go back and you listen to this tape and watch this tape and you look. At most other once you know what you're looking for listening for you'll hear them everywhere okay. One of the reasons.

I say that most energy healers suck is because they only target 23 of the human being they target the energy body and they target the physical body. But they don't touch the mental body directly there's only two disciplines that go right. To the mental body that's hypnosis and neural. Linguistics if you if you get all three elements targeted that's how fast the change is to the degree that you leave out one piece of the system you slow it down and you have to work harder okay.

This is how we work okay. And there's a whole lot here. But this will change your practice. So when you talk about the color and the spin you never talk about the smell or.

I could. I don't need to most of the time sound like or other senses here's here this is called the sematic search engine concept you ever notice that when you type a question into. Google the answers you get depend largely on how you ask the question your body had it. First your body and your brain are the world's largest most comprehensive question answering mechanism on the planet the quality of the information you elicit is dependent upon the quality of the question you ask.

But it only provides that information when you ask for it it doesn't mean it's not there. So when you reach in and you grab a color you're asking for color it gives you color. Okay. As you look.

At it you don't even notice if there's a spin until ask notice it's spinning in a certain direction and. Then your brain generates a spin that's how it works it only provides the information you ask for because the system can't handle all of it at the same time remember that the way the world is the way the world's supposed to be right. You have to ask for that information. I could just as easily say as you look.

At it notice it's spinning notice the color notice how much it weighs and your body will generate a weight subjectively or objectively depending on how many filters you have in place you'll gen you'll generate a feeling of weight or you'll just know how much it weighs if you ask the question you'll get the data and. I don't think there's a point for that really if you're the only reason to ask for more information is to facilitate more absorption in the process the more data you ask for the more you you activate the cortexes of the brain and the more absorbed they become most of the questions. I ask doesn't matter what they answer because in the process of extracting the information they go deeper into neurological absorption um when you call us you're going to leave us mes you going to make an appointment my my staff will call you they will ask uh when you want to schedule your consult and. Then if you want to come down in person you're more than welcome to drive down.

But a lot of my consults are done through. Skype. So you don't have to leave. LA or if you would prefer.

I can put you in touch with the people here they they see clients all day long. So they're very competent they're very qualified and. I'm more than happy to recommend people to them you know they're the most skilled people. I know in this field not necessarily with this technique.

P out because it's it's relatively new it's only been out for a couple of years on mainstream and. So we're still experimenting. But. Tech well the term we've come up with is called uh psychosomatic neuromodulation.

But most people just call it spinning heard a tapping now you got spinning right. Spinning beans tapping four out of five test. Serv. Okay.

G all right. We got to get you out of here thank you for coming thank you yeah we'll do it again. Next month with air conditioning how's that about that'll be cold yeah it's just like the hottest all right. So is two decades yeah.

I. I'll. I'll reach out to you we'll get you more information. But you can also go to.

NLP power okay. And uh there's actually a link to sign up for. The. Mastermind if you want to come down.

U. But by all means let's talk and. I'll. I'll tell you more about it okay.

Thank you you're very welcome the video the five stages what about it what's the video go to. YouTube. Type in the mating dance speed uh secret speed attraction the mating dance. But you never talk about the other two stages for the guy you're right.

I actually have going teach that part teach it all the time where do. I get it it's it's on the it's on the video are you sure yeah. I think. I've seen it.

I don't remember seeing the other two stages trust me. I'll look. Again than uh that's see see thank you you do any speed hypnotherapy speed hypnotherapy you mean faster than that speed induction all the time oh yeah my my. IND.

I can't remember the. GU. Sean. Michael.

Andrews yeah he's a good guy. I like him thank you sessions. Last year starting 8:00 in the morning here. I got we got to clean up get out want.

But if you don't mind talking while. I clean up. I'm happy to okay. Well that's what.

I was kind of looking for.
