Title: FREE CLASS: SPEED ATTRACTION - Understanding Men and Women - Why They See Things Differenty Pt 2
File Name: fabjooTef3I.txt
Video Id: fabjooTef3I
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fabjooTef3I

[Music] to your chairs bring your chocolate bring your coffee with you you're ready to have a real good time all right. Too sexy for my. V too sexy for my best too sexy too much never remember anything worth doing is worth overdoing all right. Lot of stuff to cover and.

I'm always torn because. I want to just download this stuff right. To the hard drive fortunately we're not liveing the. Matrix yet although.

I refer to the. Matrix quite it's. Google is. Skynet yes.

We do live in. The. Matrix see part of my job in it's a fun topic. I mean tonight's topic is all about relationships and and again we always the problem is we take ourselves way way too seriously and that's the problem part of my job is to help you get that neurolinguistic stick out of your butt long enough to have a good time right.

We got to get fun we got to get playful right. And. So a lot of what. I do is designed to shock you right.

It's designed to to just. Goose you and really understand that if you want to be charismatic you want to be attractive you want to you want to be a people magnet. Then you have got to be the kind of person that can suck them out of that world that reality that they live in and give them something different something exciting remember this okay. The average human being goes nowhere fun does nothing cool watches.

YouTube fantasizes about being on. YouTube or not right. And lives lives to quote to to to butcher thorough live lives of quiet desperation okay. And we are desperate we are desperate for anyone who can bring that monotony to an end even for a little bit and if you don't believe me.

I'll ask you one simple question who makes more money. Educators or entertainers entertainers exactly because they're whole craft and actors actors are the best hypnotists on the planet you know why their whole craft is designed to reach into your world pull you out of yourself and suck you into their world to take you on a journey emotionally physically cognitively to engage all of your senses and when you do that with another human being they will hold on for dear life. I'm going to give you the secret tonight. I'm going to give you the passcode to the human nervous system think of it like the skeleton key that unlocks the entire neurology.

I'm going to give it to you in several different forms it's the same thing just said differently does that make sense here's the most basic way to understand it the most important words everybody's always wondering what the words are you know what are the right. Words what are the right. Words what are the right. Words what do.

I say to get somebody to connect and to to feel understood and to really bond with me the most important words. I'm just waiting. I'm just building you up on this one the most important words that a human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth it's literally that cut and dried. I have had whole conversations for hours where all that.

I've done is say the words back to the person who just said them and they agree with me like. I've just read their mind say the word back you say the words back. So it's like miring kind of yeah it's like miring that was mirror you have no. Clue what just happened here see what.

I mean felt. Perfectly. Natural didn't it it works just just like that as long as you're coming from the right. Place everything.

I'm going to teach you has tremendous tremendous potential for misuse. I don't teach those people it's never it's never necessary if you understand the technologies that. I teach to lie to another human being or mislead them it's not necessary because everything that you need to get that human being to do do what you want them to do they will tell you they will give it to you and as long as long as you connect what they want to doing what you want in a way that they recognize it they will give you what you want usually out of default and they will usually think it's your own their own idea okay. Now on a more abs ract theoretical level it's not actually.

Theory this is how we work. But going a little bit more abstract the the human nervous system is moving through the world looking for itself remember that checklist we talked about earlier everything a human being is looking for they are projecting through their behaviors through their words through their gestures onto the world around them and they're looking for the matches to the degree that they find a match they bond they fall into. Rapport they fall into connection you follow me it happens on a physiological level a hormonal level a reptilian level a a lyic level and a neocortical level and it follows pretty much in that order okay. I have a video that.

I show in a lot of my trainings wrot. I have 30 or 40 distinct or separate metronomes on a table and they're all swinging at different frequencies and within two and a half minutes every single metronome starts vibrating at the same rate okay. Those metronomes are analogous to your nervous system every human being in this room is a metronome and they will fall in into synchronization they will fall into step with one another it's just a matter of time and once you understand that we talk about. Rapport a lot you have to understand that.

Rapport can not happen especially in a group this big it's happening all the time. Anyway okay. The largest rhythmic source of movement in your body is your heart like a metronome it's beating now most of you don't know this. But you can look.

It up the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that can be measured with instruments 8 ft in diameter from the human body your nervous system specifically your proprioceptive nervous system has six different types of data six channels of information that it monitors one of which is electromagnetic fields. So if you're standing or sitting. Next to somebody whose heart is beating at a certain rate and he's sending out a little electromagnetic pulses with a certain rhythm that are being picked up by another nervous system what do you think happens in a very short time that's right. It can't not happen once it does the rest of the system follows it this is when you start to reach that level where you start finishing other people's sentences you know what they're going to say before they say it because every part of you is resonating at the same frequency and that information.

Translate okay. How long does it take depends. But uh if. I can take 41 separate metronomes without a nervous system that happens in under two minutes the trained nervous system can be instantaneous the trained nervous system the difference is is you have to know now remember a lot of these synchronizations don't pass the conscious line there's a firewall between the subconscious mind and the conscious mind now in remote.

View in and and some of the advanced uh neuros pychology terms or neurophysics they call this the lemon and the lemon is literally a firewall that keeps the unconscious processes from filtering up and and directly guiding the conscious mind the way that happens uh the way things get bypassed is through the body. So if. I can generate something in my subconscious. I mirror it through my body.

I will affect you this way if. I can close the circuits with my words. Then everything matches now that gets a little bit. Advanced just remember the human being that you're communicating with is looking for themsel they don't consciously know it.

So if all you do is give their words back to them they will fall into sync with you they will feel understood by you in a way that's dramatically powerful okay. How many women here have ever used used the phrase he just doesn't get me how many men have ever heard that phrase he just doesn't get me or you just don't get it right. This is how they get. God this is how they get.

God. I'm going to give you the pass code to relationships too would that be okay. Yes. Sir you sure it's not exactly flirting is all right.

You sure all right. If. I get hate mail because of this all right. Here's how it works.

I told you guys that. I'm a quote expert in conversational hypnosis well remember that the the the the bread and butter language patterns that. I teach are. So powerful because they are the building blocks of human thought literally if you were to listen to the structure of a person's words coming out of their mouth and look.

At the structural components of you know what word comes before what what's the actual process that it's doing you would find these core language patterns that. I teach are are mirrored in the structure of your thoughts there are two primary language patterns that most of our reality is based on they are not the most powerful. But they're right. Up there one is called cause and effect the other is called complex equivalence okay.

Now they both have a similar structure. But the differences make a difference and the reason. I bring this up is not to teach you about hypnotic language. Language by itself is inherently hypnotic.

Anyway it's the most intuitive thing we learn. But there's an. X causes y this is almost like algebra right. X is something that is true.

Y is something we want them to do all right. That's as much as. I'm going to teach about this in terms of gender relationships men predominantly think in cause and effect relationships okay. I'll give you a prime example uh one of the examples.

I often give is let's say little. Johnny you're married. Little. Johnny has a soccer game and you know as a father that it's vitally vitally important that you need to be at.

Little. Johnny soccer game because he's your son right. But you're having a hell of a day at work right. [ __ ] clients [ __ ] boss [ __ ] traffic.

So you're 20 minutes late you get to talk. Johny soccer game they're already they're already packing up your wife comes up to you with that look. In her eye you know the one that says you going to pay for this [ __ ] and you don't know yet right. And you go honey.

I'm. So sorry the clients ran late at work the boss made me stay late traffic was a [ __ ] and that's why. I was late. I'm.

So sorry and she looks at you with that look. In your ey in her eyes. And she goes if you loved your son you'd have been here sound familiar or a structure thereof what you've just seen is a common conflict between cause and effect and complex equivalents in a cause and effect relationship traffic was bad. Therefore.

I was late. But that's not how the genders think men think that way we're very simple ladies that's the problem we're too [ __ ] simple you are complex you are deep because you think predom now both genders use both both patterns. But there's a predominance in the world according to. David use it or not it's up to you complex equivalence is an x equals y relationship where.

X and. Y even though they're different words have the same meaning. So in the cause and effect world. I was late to.

Johnny's soccer game because of traffic because of my boss because of the clients there's a causal relationship where one led to the other. But the female gender doesn't necessarily perceive the world that way remember their socialization remember the revolution they. Thrive they survive based on understanding what the significance of a behavior is what it means in their world. Therefore gentlemen every single thing that you do has a meaning in their world and if you don't interact with them on the meaning level you are going to get neutered metaphorically and sometimes literally and every female.

I've seen out every f is going right. They're like bobbleheads because they get it guys we don't because we're simple right. I'm not bagging on you we got to understand this we got got to bring it to your attention. So you can make an informed choice you can choose to go back to doing what you were doing and continue to get the the results that you're getting or you can understand how they perceive the world.

So that you can change and get a better result this is also the core of when they say he just doesn't get you just don't get it that's the problem you're thinking in cause and effect terms. I did. X which caused me to do y they're thinking x equals y if you start relating to them on cause and effect ter terms you will dramatically transform your relationship. But it takes effort because we're not used to thinking this way and we're sure as hell not used to changing how we communicate to fit the other person which is why most of you will not use this because it takes energy and at.

The. Reptilian level the neurology responds to critical thinking having to monitor emotions control them change how you think and how you feel the same way does to pain and they've proven this they've taken you someone want to let her in or is she's trying to. Signal somebody she's got a pig hi pig lady pig lady a that's what. I'm looking at and you turn into a pig you're a wear.

Pig we pork all right. So. So you you've run across this complex equivalence idea many times where you've heard saying on t-shirts time is money love is freedom right. They're very simple examples of what we call a complex equivalency and it's important that when you relate to the other gender that you speak to them in the way that they're going to sort for reality if you're willing to do that you will dramatically lubricate the communication process and you will feel more understood does that make sense now.

I'm going to give you one extra bonus anybody here know who. John gotman was or is. I should say okay. John gotman is probably aside from.

Virginia s the most famous marriage uh and family therapist out there he ran a project called. The. Love lab many years ago. I think it might even still be around has anybody here ever read the book.

Blink by. Malcolm. Gladwell okay. In that book.

Blink which is a study of how intuitive thinkers operate there's a couple of chapters devoted to. God 's work because what gotman did was he would take compes and he had this computer algorithm that he developed that would monitor the nonverbal interactions and the verbal interactions of people and with a 93 or 97%. I can't remember the exact. But it was in the high 99s uh percentage he could predict in 15 minutes of conversation.

How likely that couple was to divorce 93 to 97% based on the verbal and non-verbal interactions and most people left at that. But the guy by the name of. John. Medina.

I learned from him on one of his on in his book. Called brain rules he talked about another study that got did which. I don't think got nearly as much press and it should have he asked the. Second question.

Later on he said well if. I can accurately predict the variables that will cause or lead to the destruction of a marriage with a 93 to 97% accuracy rating can. I in fact sort for a variable that if that element or elements is present the marriage makes it by the way most both breakups are initiated by women in case you didn't know that okay. 60% of approaches initiated by women most.

I can't remember the exact percentage of breakups initiated by women we need to understand that right. Because we're helpless guys we're clueless right. Not after this every woman on the planet's going to be looking for you why any idea ladies why might every guy every woman on the planet might be more interested in the guys in this room after tonight. A cuz they might have a clue you remember what.

I said at the beginning. I started talking about the checklist if you met a guy that could touch you in exactly the right. Way at exactly the right. Time that said exactly the right.

Thing to you in a way that you felt completely understood that could take you places you've only ever fantasized about and. Then take you even further what would you not do for that guy guys that's where you're going. You're the prize ladies you are the prize as well. I'm going to write this down.

ABT. ABT always be testing ladies do this automatically guys we need to do it more we got to be testing for who are the unique or who are the the keepers and who are the unique fixer uper opportunities and who are that oh hell no. Category right. Nobody in this room wants to be their partner's therapist and yet many times that's the relationship we find ourselves in right.

No. No. No. No.

That's why you must test the person you're with in the right. Way. So that they can self- select into your world or out right. And that's where we're going.

But this is where we need to start cuz. I'm going to assume that if you've gone through all the time and energy to create a relationship you actually want to keep it will that be true or not true okay. Just check it because sometimes people just want to. Rack them up like notches on their bed post right.

Or in their lipstick case. Say pat benitar to say. God have. I dated myself yet again oh.

I'm. I'm. So old what's that someone said something. I heard it damn you oh.

I guess you guys want the variable huh yeah you ready sure. I'll tell you tomorrow here's how it works and it goes directly to their own words and this. I'm going to use the words. I learned from.

John. Medina in the video he talked about and. Then. I'll try to maybe clarify it a little bit here's what happens if the man can communicate to his partner his woman in such a way that she feels she perceives that he has been positively affected by her good words and intentions the marriage makes it that's it she successfully changed well that's the rub because nowhere in that sentence does it say that he has actually has to obey her he just has to signal to her that she gets it that he gets it she just wants to be heard youve heard that he just doesn't hear me.

I want to be heard. I'm talking to you at the top of my lungs what are you not [ __ ] hearing right. This is what they're not hearing they're not hearing the meanings they're not hearing their words let them hear their words and. Magic happens now do it sincerely non-c condescendingly right.

Don't be sitting in your head giving her her words back saying. I wish this [ __ ] would just get to the point don't be doing that [ __ ] bad idea no. No. No.

No. Right. Be honest be sincere when you do and when you can fake sincerity you got it nailed. I'm telling you.

But seriously if you if you come from that place the sincere desire to connect and you utilize these methodologies it is dramatically powerful. I can't tell you the kind of influence that you wield in that human being's life and how connected to you they become right. You know what's funny is because you're connecting to them you're doing it mhm yes. You know.

I wasn't looking for the mic. But. But. I was when you when you say that what it makes me think is just that that's because you as a man it's not fake for you to do that you are actually connecting to that person.

MH you're absolutely right. Yes. Not just making them think that you're connecting to it's interesting that you say that because to the when. I was working with what's your name again law law when.

I was working with law and. I was working with a couple other people and you see me do this and you hear me reflect their words back you guys think it's funny because it's. So blatantly obvious to you. But they have a completely different experience of it completely yes.

Sir pass the mic it's just. So we can hear because. I get complaints okay. So what exactly do you do when the girl said something what exactly do.

I do when the girl says something yeah or the guy yeah yeah you know like when they're when they're pissed off about something oh that's a great one when they're pissed off about something uh what you do besides giving their words back to them is you get pissed off too at the exact same thing they're pissed off at yeah and if you can get madder about it than she is she calms down that no. Not really not really. But you do have to take on her perspective long enough to understand which women are trained to do from the time they come out of the womb we are not as men we are designed. I assert dominance boom me.

King now you follow and train with me because. I'm the head of the. I'm the king right. That's how we're taught that's our socialization right.

And that's also part of the problem that women are having nowadays pass the microphone while. I continue to talk is gender roles have changed. So much in the past 20 or 30 years that guys don't know how to be guys anymore and. I'm not look.

At yes. And. I'm not saying that women don't deserve what they have in society. I absolutely believe they do we solved a lot of problems for women over the past 20 30 years.

But we created a whole lot more and we have to deal with those too yes. I don't know if it's changed it's just that somehow men have lost their. Chism or their they their masculinity they're balls they're balls yeah you're absolutely right. Yeah they don't they don't know they you hear this guy us to do it now and it's hell that's because they're lazy all right.

So let this gentleman here. First one lesson at a time before we get into the dialogue. I love this part make a differ. I.

I stand up for myself. But that also gets into this gray area when you say agree with what they're saying. But. I don't that's who.

I am if. I'm not. I'm not being sincere okay. Then acknowledge what they say using their words and.

Then go and you'll never go wrong acknowledging what they said using their words and. Then take them where you need to take them because until you signal understanding and comprehension they're going to interpret whatever comes out of your mouth as resistance. So acknowledgement acknowled there's always something in what they said that you can agree with even you know. I see that.

I. I. I understand that you're truly upset about. XYZ because she just said.

I am pissed off about. XYZ. I can see that you're really upset about. XYZ yeah and you'll see that yeah and.

Then they'll give you more information for years guys. I'm telling you and it's an editorial guys pass the microphone down to this in for years when. I had my martial arts school in. California this is how.

I signed up people moms could call for their kids they go ring ring hello this is. Coral. Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can.

I help you hi my name's. Arlene. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 10-year-old son. Jason oh hey.

Arlene. So you're looking for karate lessons for your 10-year-old. J son. Jason yeah great well tell me a little bit about.

Jason what's going on with. Jason what can you what kind of karate are you looking for well. Jason's a little small for his age and you know and he says he's a smart kid. But uh you know he's he's young and.

I'm afraid the kids might might pick on him and. I want him to be a little bit more focused oh. I see. So.

Jason's a little bit young for his age you're afraid the kids might pick on him a little bit. But he's really smart yeah perfect we've got a class designed directly for people who are you know kind of small. But who need a way to protect themselves now whether they're really really intelligent like. Jason or you know just average this is a class that is ton of it's taught in a simple fun easy way that helps prevent people from being bullied because they're small now we have a couple of uh we have a free introductory program that we that we have where we offer uh three.

PR fre pre free private classes and a couple in a free uniform where we teach kids like. Jason exactly how to you know fend off those bullies to keep from being picked on and to exert himself and exert himself in a way that's you know allows him to stand up for himself and feel more comfortable we have a slot available at 6:30 on. Thursday and we have one at 5:00 p.m. on. Friday which is easier for you.

I think. I think 6:30 on. Thursday because. Then.

I can pick them up on my home from work great we'll pencil. Jason in and we'll see you there boom and. I promise you that was the best conversation that woman had from any martial arts school that she has called why. I listened that's the key we think that because we're giving their own words back that this is somehow artificial it isn't it is a more intimate attentive.

Pro conversational process than anything that most people have ever encountered huh oh hell yeah talk to this lady right. Here she's a survivor of my rapid attraction. Secrets. Workshop put the whammy on a guy.

I he never saw it coming. Anyway be that as it may uh. But yes. If you're a human being with a pulse and a nervous system this will work on you it can't not even when you know it's being done as long as you're coming from a sincere place if if you're coming from that sincere desire to connect and communicate with another person it's no.

Longer a trick it's no. Longer something you're pulling on somebody it's something you're doing with somebody because you truly want to understand them and get to know them better now that what we do with that understanding that's where the rubber hits the road that's where we get in that always be testing phase which brings us to the three magic questions um and three magic questions we're going to give you the the reader. Digest version. I have whole videos of this on.

YouTube. But um three magic questions is a conversational framework that allows you to walk up to a complete stranger initiate a conversation and within 20 minutes have them on the verge of falling in love with you and know more about them than their best friends know and all during that process you're gathering information that lets you decide if it's time to eject or if you want to hook. Them or her right. Now.

I have to warn you this was a conversational framework designed for women for women to be used on men it is not fair that's the test okay. In fact uh a bunch of my other clients got a hold of this process bunch. I. I consult with personal injury attorneys all over the world on uh how to influence juries and courtrooms and judges and things like that my trial attorneys got a hold of this three magic questions protocol and literally putting the whammy on juries uh making the jurries fall in love with them and literally had expert.

Witnesses waving their attorney client privilege in order to answer their questions. I have it on video that's how powerful this is and that's just the framework if you're doing the body language stuff we talked about in the. First part of the. Meetup.

First it's even more. Unstoppable and we have full courses on that and we can talk about those. Later. But let's go about 3mq 3mq goes like this three levels of question these are categories of question location occasion level one level two career passion level three.

Early. Childhood experiences. D yes. Does this have to do kind all.

I can. I. Rel to matter interested the. DAT cont feels job interview all the time is that part of this you're still trying to figure out to well the problem is when you people the reason that it feels like a job interview a there's probably not a lot of.

Rapport there b they're not using your words and. C they're not softening the questions that they ask. So it's it's very abrasive and it's very blun it seems like an interrogation give youas to yeah because they're not they're they're coming in too too direct guys tattoo this on your forehead if you if you want to excite a woman faster go slower amen amen if you want to excite a woman more directly be indirect it's like he read. The.

Playbook. You bastards true not true ladies right. Remember guys. Predator see it kill it right.

It's very linear that's not how they work that's not how they work right. But if you understand the strategy you can get what you want. Faster by giving them what they want slower you understand that and that's pretty true at every level of interaction okay. But again that's not this course te te te three magic questions now go going back to what what was your name again.

Miss. Amy. Amy what. Amy was saying about it sounding like an interrogation the reason it sounds like an inter for job interview job interviews are interrogations they're just in a nicer frame the secret though is that you have to soften the questions s question you have to soften the questions because you have different kinds of reactants that rear their ugly had again.

I don't just. I'm throwing out all these little tidbits here and there and. I'm sorry for that. But one of the things that happens is we go through this little push back phase this little push back visceral response anytime we experience an attempt at influencing us that we didn't invite or ask for and one of the ways that people use.

NLP badly is that even though the techniques themselves are powerful and they're effective they also because if if you don't set them up properly they're. So powerful that they signal that it's that something's happening that something's being done and the body doesn't like that okay. Uh long can. I can.

I use you for a. Second this is a metaphor even though it's true at the at the uh the physiological level it's all right. I don't want to shake your hand [ __ ] now. La is my friend kind of we kind of pass each other often he is one of the the movers and shakers in.

World. Venture. So if you guys want to get really cool vacation deals talk to. L and his good partner over here.

But now. I'm going to make one my little puppet he's going to be my meat puppet for a moment all right. And. I'm going to going to do this to explain.

I'm going to. I'm going to demonstrate it on a physiological level. But. I want you to understand that the same exact phenomena is happening on a psycho emotional level on a decision or behavioral level if.

I push on. M he's kind of solid he doesn't really want to move and he kind of wants to go [ __ ] you [ __ ] right. I push on him he wants to push back we ever have that experience where someone's pushing us to do something and even though we know it's in our best interest there's this little. I call it the [ __ ] you factor say [ __ ] you.

I know it's the right. Thing. I still ain't going to do it right. Or.

I pull on. La and he doesn't want to move why because it's one machine exerting its will on another machine right. But if. I bond with lawn.

I love on. La. So now we're no. Longer.

David and laon we're. Dawn which ironically is my wife's name. But when. I do that and.

I dissolve the barriers between self and other. Then an interesting thing happens and he doesn't think to resist that was weird wasn't it yeah give him a big round of applause could you come to my house you guys like that don't you. I got more of that [ __ ] trust me you have not even begun to tap into a tenth a tenth of the power latent in your body and your nervous system there is. So much that you're capable of if you could see yourselves the way.

I see you. I know we're here for fun and for flirting and all these wonderful things. But you're. So magical there's.

So much that you can do if you just ask the right. Questions and get off your ass get your body engaged magic is real and it's in you. So think about that the most important words a person can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth the human the nervous system of every human being on the planet is looking for itself to the degree that you match that checklist the barriers to intimacy drop and you get more excited more connected more aroused and more pleasure faster remember that women every guys everything you do in their world has a meaning. So don't just justify what you did by ex find out what what you did means to them and.

Ally yourself with that sidebar it doesn't mean she won't still be pissed at you. However here's the. Next part of that whole argument process ever come how many people here are married not many okay. That's another class.

But anybody here ever been in a relationship with an opposite a member of the opposite sex ladies let me ask you if this is true you had a shitty day at the office you've handled all your problems he comes home you start telling about your day and he starts telling you how to fix all that [Music] [ __ ] look. Guys here's the point the female neurology needs to vent when they come home when you come home or they come home when they start telling you about their day and all the problems they encountered they've already fixed them they've already solved them they just want to vent for on you for a little while if you let them vent you will live in. Paradise after you shower the. Slime off of you right.

If you just let the system depressurize is share better word you could say share that's you know what your word is yes. We have a question back here pass the magic microphone pass it pass it faster faster faster you guys having fun with this is this useful okay. So let's woman okay. Um.

I would think the guy had he would deserve this of ah. So is that well. First of all it's because he the guy doesn't understand what's actually happening. So he thinks it's all directed at him he's applying it to himself she's yelling at me because she's mad at me guys do you really think it that way guys raise your hands if that's true in your world.

So let's about another person another name why would you guys self internalize that. I don't know why you'd have to ask. God. I don't make the [Music] rules you're stupid in a good way we don't understand that the the got to when guys again this goes back to.

Neuroscience this is all things you need when a guy gets uh stressed out he becomes very. Global what he be he just wants you to get to the bottom line when the female neurology gets stressed out they get more detailed they get more specific okay. So if a guy comes home and maybe he's had a stressful day and the. First thing he hears is what's coming out of your mouth you've just thrown wood on his fire which have shifted his perceptual filters he sorts by con by cause and effect his rational.

Factor has checked out right. Because you've added stress to an already stressed system he doesn't have the resources to apply critical thinking to what you're saying because want fix because men just want to fix things cuz that's what we do that's what we do there's a problem we fix it you come to us with a problem we're going to go kill it usually that solves it. So right. If we.

I don't want you to fix anything just listen. Okay. I wouldn't use that word though don't use don't that go. But same concept right.

Make it clear as not much right. In the very beginning it gets really complicated really quick doesn't it yeah my point is is you automatically assume and this is the projection thing we talked about earlier you automatically assume that the human being you're talking to that even though their. Plumbing is different operates exactly the same way you do and. So they get things about you that they don't because they don't perceive the world the same way conversely they don't you don't get them because they perceive the world differently right.

We need to create that bridge of understanding that allows us to translate we need to understand the. Dynamics of what we're seeing guy walking in right. Out of the blue to a woman who just explodes all over him in spite of what he consciously knows usually the vemet and the volume and the amplitude of that emotional release overwhelms his critical factor and all he wants to do is save you that's what we're doing you got you got to get that ladies when you vented us and you tell us about your problems all we want to do is fix it for you because you're important to us we don't realize you've already fixed it you get it we don't realize it and we insult you inadvertently by telling you how to fix it because we assume if you're complaining about it it's still a problem you understand we make an assumption we don't understand you're more than smart enough. You' probably already solved your [ __ ] six different ways you just want somebody to spew on for a while right.

Now how does that go back to this whole argument thing after you've gone through the argument resolution process you're still in your refractory period. So you got to be careful. But remember even if you were the source of the argument and you've resolved the argument she still needs to vent how many guys have had this experience you've gone through the argument process the knockdown the drag out right. You've apologized she's accepted your apology and.

Then for the. Next 10 minutes she kicks your ass again yes. But that's because we don't want you to agree with us or tell us we're right. Really we want to know that you heard okay.

Right. Yes. Okay. I don't need a mic obviously.

I love the shirt by the way and the pig. I love the pig all p f. So um what. I wanted to share is communication is key and we all communicate differently right.

Men differently than women um the thing is is that some of us talk more than others it's generally most and um what. I have been taught is to not attack a man when he comes in the door because he's had a hard day at work right. So let him cool off and talk to him once he's pulled off if relax and don't attack try and communicate effectively calmly and um men act like you care sometimes you you look. Like you know what.

I'm talking about you're you're a great teacher by the way. So freaking funny. I love it. U this is awesome.

I love this stuff um. But guys we've all been in relationships some more than others guys really sit down and listen to your partner it's. So important she may have a lot to say to you and you may just like look. Just man just a fact you know what that's actually somewhat true um the problem is because women are indirect they be and and don't get to the point now.

I didn't mean it exactly that way. However. However what are the things that we have to and she's using some words there that. I think we need to really clarify anytime somebody uses a word like communication and effectively you need to ask different questions how specifically are you communicating and what does effective actually mean right.

Because you may she think she knows exactly what she means by those words and you think you do you think you know what they mean because they're. General word. But you fill in the content and that's a different class. So if you want to listen and you want to really tap into how your partner feeling there are certain generalities that we can observe right.

Off the bat in a stressful situation the male neurology will become more. Global they will want you to get to the point they will also find a cave somewhere because that's how we deal with [ __ ] right. We may in that room we may beat up a pillow scream into a pillow you know curse our mother for letting us be born whatever we're going to do we're sure as hell. I'm not going to let you see it.

But guys that that's how they gauge intimacy they gauge intimacy by when you show vulnerability you can't do that in a male crowd because you do that in prehistoric days you break out in a cry the whole pack swarms you it's a reptilian response now again we're part we're getting way off the beaten topic okay. But getting back to the whole relationship idea the three magic questions um just to close this loop on relationship stuff. I mean the you know in term relationship stuff when a guy gets stressed he gets. Global he thinks in cause and effect terms he automatically assumes that because you're yelling and screaming at him a you need saving and.

B you haven't fixed the problem yet and it's at him somehow some way he's involved okay. Ladies when you get stressed when your neurology gets stressed out you get more specific you need youve solved your problems. But you need to vent guys let them vent whether you're the source of the problem originally and you resolve it let them vent. Anyway know in your mind this is where you can show strength and sensitivity and dominance by letting them vent on you to you.

I. I would rather use the word to. But we tend to think about it as on and let them show the strength to be calm in the face of a wave of emotion washing over you and it's easy to do once you realize hey. I can just change my posture right.

And it's not about you even when it is it's not about you even when it is and be that guy demonstrate the strength that every woman is desperate to have in their life that lets them know it's okay. To be more feminine and when you do that you're going to be amazed at the results you get it's counter it's counterintuitive it goes against everything that both social both sides of the socialization button have taught us because that whole culture that whole machine is designed to breed starvation hunger and frustration into you. So you'll buy more products you'll buy more books you'll buy better clothes okay. The'll machine the game is raped ladies and.

Gentlemen by. Hollywood. Wall. Street movies and television okay.

They're programming you in ways you can't possibly imagine and some you can somebody had a question. I don't. I just don't see how this working this is working um every time a woman has wanted is this thing on. I think she said that a few times every time.

I've let a woman vent me. I just became the friend that vented to my time wasted and nothing ever happened yeah. So. I don't do that anymore good it's much better to not be that because it depends on the stage you are in a relationship if you haven't been intimate with a woman yet and she starts venting bad idea right.

I'm talking about people who've gone through the rituals of becoming a relation going into a ongoing somewhat long-term relationship this is where you want to maintain and build on that relationship the problem that we have with a lot of relationship. Dynamics is that once we get into that long-term relationship we stop being the person that got him to fall in love with us in the. First place and we're programmed that way through. Society once we say.

I do we stop doing it's slow and. Insidious it's like a time delay. But if you've been in a relationship for a long period of time and you want to put the spark back into it do all the things you did before you got married visit all those places those memories those feelings that person is still there and when you bring it back everything will come back okay. That's the simplest stuff.

I can give you right. Now in the time that we have can we go back to this would that be okay. All right. Location occasion and again goes back to softening always tell the person why you're going to ask them what you're about to ask and that way everything you ask doesn't sound like an interrogation.

So it's. Amy right. Yes. So.

Amy just. So. I can understand you better what was what was it that made you want to to come out tonight what brought you out here tonight what you said about the microphone. I think.

I think my you turned it on. Anyway it's larger now oh [ __ ]. I can't because you really. I.

I. I have to say. I really looked everybody's profiles and. I saw that everybody didn't answer the questions by the way and some of the people answer really asking really you know what the profile in their questions and.

I really don't get the line of flirting and showing interest okay. Still bogles my brain and. Then if if somebody's flirting with you you think and. Then they're talking to you investing an hour and a half or two hours of their time and.

Then they don't ask you for your number or anything what the hell is the point of that means are chicken [ __ ] and they're probably not worth your time that happen to me a lot happens to everybody right. There's a lot of guys who fail to what's the word fail to launch right. But it's a good question. So.

So how do you know question. I wanted to find out some more cool all right. Very good and again because and you came here obviously you came here by yourself. So right.

So cool. So what. I just did with. Amy was.

I asked the. First level of the three magic questions. I asked her why she came here tonight what does she think about x what does she think about y. But.

I did it in a way that was soft. I pre-framed what. I said. I said just.

So. I understand you better feel comfortable absolutely right. That's the point if you soften what you do do and you come from a sincere place and you use as many of their words in your response and in your question as you can it will go right. In and it will be very natural and very touching and very trust facilitating does that make sense and this will be true in an intimate relationship it will be true in a sales relationship it will be true in a group in situation like this which is a little bit more difficult because every of you have your own separate words.

So. I have to speak in very. Global terms that you fill in your own content. But it's still just as true right.

The. Next level of question is called. Career and passion now in career passion questions the thing we need to understand is this idea that in this society and all societies that are derivatives or. F use our society as a foundation you are what you do when people um what's your name again.

Sharon. Sharon. I'm curious what do you do for a living. I'm an ultrasound tech you're an ultrasound technician very very cool she's not going to use it fine geez you guys are getting all like micr fascist on me and here you go.

Shan thank you. So she said. I am an ultrasound technician she does not say. I do ultrasound anytime you hear the word.

I am what you are hearing is what we call an identity statement it is a complex equivalence where. I and my job are the same. I don't know no. What you are hearing when you hear that identity statement is a complex equivalence it's literally them saying this is who.

I am this is what. I do and they're the same you are what you do in most cultures. Therefore anytime you talk about what you do you are talking about you at a very very deep emotional level we all know stories of people who've been very successful in their job very successful in their relationships and either they lose the job and their life goes to [ __ ] right. Or they lose the relationship and their life goes to [ __ ] and the job follows it's because the person same process is happening at both levels of reality we identify with certain things to her being an ultr.

Town technician is at the same level of of being a part of her as her arm and she will fight as hard to keep that. I am relationship as she would her own appendage anything that you identify with controls you understand that that's a very profound influence principle anything you identify with controls you anything you disidentify from you gain control over now how does that relate to this you can't talk the the thing she does for a living is a pillar of her identity it's something her entire world view is built on and there's an emotional component connected to that actually. I'm getting upset because you're saying technologist there you go see. I didn't get it quite right.

Right. Okay. So a technologist and is there a is there a professional distinction between that. So.

I understand better the technician fixes the machine. I run. So she runs them and the technician fixes them thank you for correcting me funny it would why. I didn't get the words exactly right.

And that will happen by the way that will happen when you get give somebody their words and that process goes into this they will start the floodgates will open and they will want to give you even more and more and more and they'll want to make sure you get it just right. Even if you didn't ask right. And the more they talk the better you look. The more they talk the better you look.

When someone talks about their career they're going to the very foundations of their identity you cannot talk about the building blocks and an emotional level of your identity without experiencing profound pleasure you understand that the act of talking about something that is held at an identity level creates an extreme sense of desire for connection and validation and if they're looking at you while they're undergoing that feeling guess who they get linked to the person they're talking to and you don't even have to do anything else. But ask the question listen and give their words back now a lot of ladies do this all the time which is why they can never get rid of those [ __ ] right. Because they're taught to do this a little better than guys are the difference is we want to get more strategic with it when we start talking about career and passion we want to start about targeting positive. States positive emotions positive ideas if you ask somebody tell me about.

So tell me uh what's your name again sorry. Sharon. Sharon. I wanted to say.

I had it right. Sharon. So an ultrasound technologist did you just wake up one day and decide to be an ultrasound technologist or what put that idea in your head. I'm curious well.

I worked at a bank you worked at a bank. But. But. I like science.

I like biology. I always want go cool science and biology. I look. At science and biology.

I break out in a cold sweat my wife is a has a has a. PHD in biocam and. Then she de decided to quit biotech and go into. Chiropractic and.

Then acupuncture oral medicine we met over a dead body. So science and technology or science was it science and technology is that what you said biology yes. Biology cool. So.

I'm curious was that a lifelong thing from when you were a little kid or or what happened with that. I'm seeing what you're doing uhuh really yeah when. I was small. I like did experiment did you really did you ever experiment on like the little neighbors and [ __ ] yeah like turn them into.

Frankenstein things right. So what do you. I'm curious what do you find. Most.

Fascinating about about what you do what's the most what's the coolest part of your day. I really like looking in the body and seeing it's amazing to be the machine that's working isn't it yeah we get to see that you got see it live did you see what happened to her face she lit up like a. Christmas tree you see it it's amazing she's seeing pictures in her head she's having feelings who's she looking at she knew. I was doing it how do you [Laughter] [Applause] [Music] feel if you do this from an ethical and.

I'm not doing this to make fun of. Sharon at all. CU she's a fascinating person. I want to know her.

But most importantly. I want to know she's someone cool is she someone. I want to get to know better is she's someone. I want to spend more time with to let her into my world right.

And is it okay. If as. I'm going through that process that. I make her feel good too would that be a win-win what do you think cool right.

Did it feel weird at all no. It felt ni right. You guys knew what it was obvious what. I was doing right.

And yet the magic happens because we're all built in. I'm not trying to downplay your own uniqueness you're all unique and different. But not that much right. And again the whole idea is how are you unique and how do.

I mirror that back to you in a way that you know. I get you how do you know. I understand right. Because it doesn't matter what my intention is what matters is what you interpret from what.

I do. I can scream to the to the five fences how much. I respect you and honor and validate you. But if.

I'm not doing it in words you can relate to those. Concepts they're just going to bounce off it will be a less than fulfilling experience does that make sense okay. Last set of questions. I actually went right.

To level three questions. But. Then. I went back just to make sure that.

I didn't lose you in the soup. I started asking did you grow up you know in uh did you start not as a kid like waking up and doing experiments on people and things like that right. And. I went through that biology and science thing the.

Next level of these questions is early positive childhood experiences who were your friends what did you like to do what did you play at now remember that in addition to being an attraction generating mechanism this goes from very very safe to very very intimate very quickly it can be done in as little as 20 minutes. I don't recommend you. TR to do that you do need to soften the questions you need to avoid yes. And no.

Questions right. Anytime you can get them to elaborate on the information and the question that you've asked the longer they talk male to female female to male male to male female to female it doesn't matter the longer they talk the better you look. The more attractive you become it just works that way and you will understand that person better than anyone on the planet and the best part is they will think that you understand that better than anyone on that planet which is really what it's about okay. Now you want to have banter you want to be fun and playful and lightharted yes.

Um. I'm wondering how you how you get to the career question um because. I've experienced that sometimes men especially in. Southern.

California think that you're asking a career question because you're trying to size up how much money they make really you're actually just trying to find common ground or be interested you were saying um. But you see that wome them when you ask what they eject because they're insecure about it is they've already flagged themselves remember this is a testing. Pro remember. I said.

ABT always be testing. I'm giving you the re attraction generating information processing aspect of the of the technique. But there's another side to it there's a evaluation aspect as these people talk they are going to volunteer information like it's going out of style in fact you're going to you guys are going to love this one the more into this process they get the harder it is for them to lie to you the harder it is for them to lie to you okay. This is this one two three process the deeper that connection goes the more they have to physically change and break the connection they've built to muster up a falsehood.

CU they just don't want to do that right. And you'll see it you'll see it in the nonverbals you'll feel it you'll hear it right. And we have whole whole courses on that and hopefully you'll come back and see that or you can watch them on. YouTube they're there let's see where.

I'm going okay. We get kind of kind of late um. So what else did. I talk about that.

I said. I was going to give you guys guys clear on the three magic questions oh the evaluative process if you ask them about well. I'm curious you know just. So.

I understand you what you know you're oh you work in marketing cool what what made you decide to go into marketing was that like something you've always wanted to do was happened on it by accident what kind of that well and. Then again this is where it kind of splits if you get answers like well you know what ever since. I went to school. I my dad was in marketing and uh he would come home and he would tell all these stories about all these cool people that he met and all these wonderful places that he did and we had a pretty good life and.

I always worship my dad. I always wanted to kind of be like my dad. So. I.

I really kind of developed that knack for marketing and and it just seemed like a natural fit for me that when it was my turn to get out into the world that you know. I create my own life by by by embracing that marketing and going somewhere now what do you feel about that person this person that you're talking to who's what kind of view do the. Outlook. Do they have on life positive right.

Are they go-getters all right. Are they someone who's going to add value right. Contrasted well you know my dad was in marketing and he started his own firm and and uh. I never was really that interested in it.

But you know. I figured it was an easy money my dad had the you know my. Dad run the company and. I have a lot of plans for the company though and as soon as.

I get you know out of the the seller and uh you know. I get out of rehab um you know. I. I'm going to take that company to.

Big places now you know. I know a lot of the people think that you know. I get a lot of slack because. I'm the boss kid they're really just jealous.

But. But. I know that once. I'm in charge with dad passes on that uh you know.

I'm going to kick some serious ass and make all those [ __ ] pay who laughed at me danger. Will. Robinson danger right. Now here's the weirdest part they'll have no.

Idea the impact of what they just said they will be on a roll and on a quest for validation and that [ __ ] will just pour out like from a. Ziploc bag okay. The question becomes what will you do some of you who've done this process will tell you you're entrance too you have to have enough presence of mind the ability to evaluate what's going on to say. I think my parakeet have an existential crisis right.

Right. You have to be willing to eject and you need to have your [ __ ] in a [ __ ] handled before you take them to question level three because that's where you sement in the attraction you cement in the attraction by having them go and revisit early positive childhood experiences who were your friends what did you play at how many people here have ever had the experience of meeting somebody and maybe you've only known them for a few minutes. But it seems like you've known them your whole life it's like there's just some part of you that just reaches back and just feels that connection ction how does that happen empathy huh empathy empathy could be well when you go through level three with this process you're actually stimulating that process when we have people go back in time and remember an event when they have to go all the way back the most powerful memories that you have are your. Early.

Childhood experiences and as you go back to those. Early. Childhood. EXP experiences they are the foundation of everything else that comes afterwards and you are literally by having them talk about those experiences and relate those experiences to you you are injecting yourself into those memories they become connected.

So be very very respectful because when you do this they will become very attached very attached. Ed okay. So. I have your whip and your gun and that's how it works now within that whole process there's actually more going on.

But if you just had that the nuts and bolts of it and every now there's another process that happens within this. I call it analog matching it's like. I'm talking to this young lady and she's telling me the story of her life and. I'm listening and.

I'm paying attention to everything that comes out of her mouth and when there are certain key phrases or words that she leans on or emphasizes in some way. I'm making little notes. So that when it's my turn to talk it's time for me to tell my story because that's what we do ladies true or not true you're with a guy you're telling them the story about this great vacation you went on or or this great experience you had and the. Next thing that comes out of their mouth is your part says you that reminds me of when.

I. X guys true not true you've done the same thing you've had the same thing happen with the ladies what you've just experienced is what. NLP calls a trans derivational search it is your your brain search for meaning and on a different level commonality the minute you hear a story your brain starts looking for any analog in your in your experience that matches and. Then you just wait are they done speaking yet is it my turn and.

Then soon as it's your turn blah blah sorry. I had a. Transylvania moment. I have kids right.

And what happens is you tell your story the problem is you talk too long and you don't use their words. So when it's time to tell your story because they expect you to talk it's not a monologue when it's time to tell your story use their words to tell your story and they will be engaged and absorbed and interested and talk for a short time the the rule. I gave uh this gentleman over here when he asked about the talking too long think about the 8020 rule the 82 rule you talk for two minutes for every eight minutes they get to talk right. So they've gone on for 8 minutes about something that's powerful and exciting and moving in their life and it's your turn to tell a similar story or.

Master analog talk for about two minutes and. Then ask them another question and let them talk that's just a rule of thumb use your uh use your best judgment right. Now another thing that comes up a lot is how do you keep out of the friend zone hey don't let them be don't be their freaking therapist at any stretch of this process avoid being a therapist your job is not to be their therapist your job is to find out if they have a life worth being a part of or actually if they have a life that you would like to be part of your life and if the answer to that is no. Go right.

Let them down easy right. But be definitive it's your life. I've seen people waffle on this and wind up in relationships that they were miserable in because they forgot the rule what's the rule really always be testing right. Always be testing be curious about that person create connection with that person.

But you're always at this part of the process process you are seeking commonality and finding out if this person is going to add value to your life or a drain on your resources you will save yourselves thousands of dollars in wardrobes makeovers crash diets right. Cars find out what's important to that person use their words to do it keep them fun and remember that attraction is generated by banter playfulness and most importantly a status. Gap what the hell does that mean it means if you just get rapport with somebody you're usually going to wind up in the friend zone because there's no. Dynamism to the relationship there's no.

Zing. I'm using that. Transylvania movie again there's no. Z right.

Blah. But that social status thing is a reptilian response remember the reptile brain rejection from the group is equivalent to. Extinction understand that you will feel a physical pain at the threat of rejection. But everybody feels it even the person rejecting you.

However we are taught to sort for the high status members because we also know that. Society protects its high status members why they have access to more resources they bring more value and enhance the survivability of the group. So let me ask a quick question this. Joe.

Versus the. Volcano. A moment okay. I'm in deep shap all right.

Nobody understands the reference. I'm in deep trouble you guys know. Joe. Versus the.

Volcano. All right. When the volcano. God is angry and the village must sacrifice to the volcano.

God who do they throw in the chief the medicine man or the cute virgin cute virin. F or what they do is they get sneaky they. King for a. Day in the volcano.

You go right. Why because. Society protects its high status members now guys think about this for a moment ladies think about this in terms of a purely survival response if you are programmed to survive at all costs to procure the greatest amount of resources to to guarantee the survival of your. Offspring who would you want to alive yourself with the janitor the head of the army or the emperor.

EMP right. EMP that's right. We as a reptilian species know this okay. And.

So we've evolved in such a way that we are predisposed to sorting for things that indicate higher social value now what what we use to sort for that is now largely context dependent prior to the. Advent of the technology that we're dealing with it was based on who was bigger and stronger more athletic and in certain context we still sort for that. But it's also going down to who has more money who has more intelligence who has a better sense of humor janitors need love absolutely baby absolutely. But.

I'm not talking about in terms of what's morally right. Or wrong okay. Sorry. I you talking survivability yeah we got to remember that the reptile doesn't care about again the reptile brain does not care about r or wrom does not care about good or evil it cares about pushing the genes forward now it will wrap emotions and rationalizations around it like a pearl like a an oyster wraps a a substance around a pearl to smooth it out.

But at the end of the day what really created that beautiful pearl that you're seeing on the outside was something that was pissing off the oyster on the inside right. True not true right. So many times the rationalizations that we generate for why we do the things we do are just that there are stories that we generate to justify to the outside world the behaviors that we're engaging in and to oursel. I'm a hypnotist people lie to me all day long they don't know they're lying because they're lying to themselves too all right.

Again. I. I peer into the hearts and minds of human beings every every single day and there's one thing. I can tell you that inside every single one of us is a scared little child terrified of being alone and desperate to be accepted desperate and.

I spend a lot of time reconnecting those parts. So they get that that's what. I do every single day. I am going to make you guys a promise.

I promised you guys a list of stuff and it is late and. I want to get you guys out of here because. I've way too long. So.

I'm going to give you guys a free gift. First one is everybody who came out tonight just to walk into my office is $175 an hour for everybody who came out tonight brave the traffic put up with my substandard chocolate. I'm really upset because they discontinu the brand. I normally get and.

I had a substitute really upset because. I had it down to a science. I knew exactly what order and sequence of chocolate you were going to eat you were going to eat the dark chocolate kid. Kats.

First. Then you were going to eat the white chocolate kid. Kats and you were going to leave the [ __ ] milk chocolate for me got a coming out of my ears. But they've discontinued that.

So. I have to start all over again. But. I have here a list of approachability.

Secrets for women. I will give everybody a. PDF with this on it okay. I also have here a list of the top 16 flirting signals that you a man a woman can use for a man that go from the least come here and have a good time.

Big. Boy to the most let's get it on now right. And uh again these are actually taken from a book. How to make anyone fall in love with you.

I think it's by. Leo. Lis um. But.

I will send you a list of those and these are things that you can do in addition to everything else that help you to signal to the opposite gender especially gu ladies signaling to guys in a way that they might be able to perceive a little bit more clearly that you're interested remember guys 60% of all approaches are initiated by women. But they don't go up to you and go hey big boy. I want at the funy right. They don't do that what they do is they engineer the opportunity for you to approach.

So how many of you guys ever been in a bookstore and a an attractive woman walks into the area and you're sitting there reading. Sports. Illustrated. Popular.

Mechanics and there's a very attractive woman just kind of hanging out for about 30 seconds and you like she's nice and you're back to the sports section right. Now you hear every woman go you're missing it because what's obvious to the females is not. So obvious to us right. Anybody here ever been in a room with a woman who did not like them yeah.

I know. I. I get the shrinkage every time. I think about it here's the rule when a woman is not liking you she's not digging you at all she will either literally or metaphorically remove you from her environment okay.

You could be standing right. Behind her and there's like nothing there he does not acknowledge you at all here's the corollary to that women do not pay attention to people they're not interested in ever when an attractive woman wanders into your area and she stays there for any length of time she's engineering an opportunity for you to separate yourself from the pack and you have about you have three glances to make it work. So. First time she walks in she makes eye contact she smiles she goes that's one.

Second eye contact that's two. Third eye contact three loser guy's going oh nurse. Nancy nurse. Nancy right.

He's he's looking into his his. Sports. Illustrated or because he doesn't register the fact that a female came into an area where a female wouldn't normally go now this goes all the way back to the playground okay. I can't really go into it unless you guys want to hear the story yep got here story yeah.

I'll be here all [ __ ] night all right. It's okay. Though it's okay. Um.

But. Anyway uh getting back to the free gift anybody who wants to who came out tonight who sat through all of this. Meandering free 30 minute one-on-one time with me in my. Clinic in salana.

Beach uh. I don't promise to fix all your problems. But. I do promise to listen answer any questions you have fill in the blanks if there's any way that.

I can help you either professionally or whatever. I'll tell you if there isn't. I'll tell you that too um there's no. Obligation for anything we're going to get this video up on.

YouTube as fast as we can we'll get the. PDFs out for you. ASAP. But.

I highly recommend you you take the opportunity to to come out and talk and and and get to know me and. I'd like the opportunity to get to know you we don't have a lot of slots because. I'm doing a lot of traveling we just opened our sixth. NLP power chapter across the country.

I am really really excited about that um give it a clap. CU don't give me the clap give the clap. So all you got to do to claim your free gift is go go see uh my daughter. Tracy and our lovely.

Linda over there she will help you get on the schedule also um we have a few things coming up for those of you how many people here like free food how many people here like really good free food okay. December 12th. Mark that date on your calendar my clinic is celebrating it'll be will be open 10 years on. March 14th 2015 or 2016.

But we're having a. Christmas party and it's an open house and everybody's invited lots of free food we have a cool balcony overlooking the ocean uh we'll be doing. I'll be doing some free talks there. I'll be doing one on instant emergency pain relief we'll be doing some other really cool talks i' uh.

I invite all of you to come out and just hang out with us and get to know us and stuff like that um on. February 14th 2016. Eddie didn't know. I was going to talk about this.

But uh there's actually a big day of romance here a romance. Gala that. Mr. Ed is going to be hosting and that is is is it free.

Ed or how how does that work what what just some coming events. I'll take whatever love you want to throw at all right. Well if you're interested in coming to that event there's a whole a whole bunch of free things planned and other stuff. I think there's going to be speakers.

I don't know didn't you tell me about this no. We have a love and romance. Expo coming up yes. Is that what your yeah love romance.

XO okay. That's. February 21st oh 21st. I'm sorry my bad you fail get a date love and romance.

Expo. February 21st yeah. I'm doing my [ __ ] before. Valentine's.

Day cuz. I get it you understand. I'm ahead of you and that's what. I'm saying uh under your chairs is a a talk.

I just decided to do uh it's called. Uh. Real. World.

Romance rapid attraction. Secrets it it covers all the material we've covered night plus it gives you the entire system from meeting to dating mating and relating um and what we're doing is uh normally to walk into that training it's 975 anybody who wants to to sign up early today you can also see. Tracy we're going to give you a fast action early board discount of 297 just for coming out tonight okay. Yeah it's a massive discount because.

I'm going to create a product out of it and. I like to have big rooms when. I do products because it brings the best out of me right. So um.

So what. I will do is. I will get you the. PDFs of the things.

I promis to give you and. I will make them downloadable from the. NLP power website it's. NLP power.com the video will be up as soon as.

I can get it there eat as much chocolate as you can cuz. I do not want to take it home okay. Couple of things if you had a good time how people had a good time tonight raise your hand thank you if you had a good time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's um and uh we have another one coming up in two weeks it's called.

Uh secrets of personal transformation and uh we're going to show you more about how to control the neurology how to program yourself to use the law of attraction. I may even show you how to change water into wine all right. Not exactly like that. But if.

I could show you how to put energy in water. So much. So that you could palpably test and test and and sense. The.

Taste the change in taste of it would that be cool. Then that's what we'll do. So by all means tell your friends post good things to the meet up thank you all for coming out see. Tracy for your gifts [Applause].
