Title: fabjooTef3I.txt
Video Id: fabjooTef3I
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fabjooTef3I

To your chairs bring your chocolate bring your colbert with you you're ready to have a real good time of a pound pound too sexy for my vest too sexy for my notes too too much never remember anything worth doing is worth overdoing all right. A lot of stuff to cover and. I'm always torn to clean. I wanted to download this stuff right.

To the hard drive fortunately we're not living the matrix yet. I don't want to refer to the matrix player it's. Google is. Skynet yes.

We do live in the matrix see part of my job in addition it's a fun topic. I mean tonight's topic is all about relationships and and again we always the problem is we take ourselves way way too seriously and that's the problem part of my job is to help you get that neuro-linguistic stick out of your butt long enough to have a good time right. We got to get fun you got to get playful right. And.

So a lot of what. I do is designed to shock you all right. It's designed to to just reduce you and really understand that if you want to be charismatic you want to be attractive you want to if you want to be a people magnet. Then you have got to be the kind of person that can suck them out of that world that reality that they live in and give them something different something exciting remember this okay.

The average human being goes nowhere fun does nothing cool watches. YouTube fantasizes about being on. YouTube or not and there's like to quote. Toto to butcher.

Thoreau live lives of quiet desperation okay. And we are desperate we are desperate for anyone who can bring that. Manoj to an end even for a little bit and if you don't believe me. I'll ask you one simple question who makes more money educators or entertainers exactly because their whole craft and actors actors are the best hypnotist on the planet do you know why their whole craft is designed to reach into you'e world pull you out of yourself and suck you into their world to take you on a journey emotionally physically cognitively to engage all of your senses and when you do that with another human being they will hold on for dear life.

I'm gonna give you the secret tonight. I'm gonna give you the passcode to the human nervous system. I think you'd like the skeleton key that unlocks the entire. Neurology.

I'm gonna give it to you in several different forms it's the same thing just said it differently does that make sense here's the most basic way to understand it the most important words. But it's always wondering what the words are you know what are the right. Words when the right. Word or the right.

Words what do. I say to get somebody to connect them to feel understood and to really bond with me the most important words. I'm just waiting that's building you up on this the most important words that a human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouths it's literally that cut-and-dried. I have had whole conversations for our tour and all that.

I've done is say the words back to the person who just said them and they agree with me like. I've just read their mind you say the words back yes. I marry you have no. Clue what just happened see what.

I mean felt perfectly natural didn't it it works just like that as long as you're coming from the right. Place everything. I'm gonna teach you has tremendous tremendous potential for misuse. I don't teach those people it's never it's never necessary if you understand the technologies that.

I teach to lie to another human being or mislead them it's not necessary because everything that you need to get that human being to do what you want them to do they will give it to you and as long as long as you connect what they want to doing what you want in a way that they recognize it they will give you what you want usually out of default and. Then we usually think it's your own. I need their own idea okay. Now on a more abstract theoretical level it's not actually theory this is how it work.

But going a little bit more abstract. Then the human nervous system is moving through the world looking for himself remember that checklist we talked about earlier everything a human being is looking for they are projecting through their behaviors through their words through their gestures onto the world around them and they're looking for the matches to the degree that they find a match they bond they fall in to report a fall into connection you follow me it happens on a physiological level hormonal level a reptilian level of an. Olympic level and a neocortical level and it follows pretty much in that order okay. I have a video that.

I show a lot of my trainings right. I have 30 or 40 distinct or just separate metronomes on a table and they're all swinging at different frequencies and within two and a half minutes every single metronome starts vibrating at the same rate okay. Those metronomes are analogous to your nervous system every human being in this room is a metronome and they will fall into synchronization they will fall into step with one another it's just a matter of time and once you understand that you're talking about rapport a lot you have to understand that rapport can not happen especially the group of this big it's happening all the time. Anyway okay.

The largest rhythmic source of movement in your body is your heart like a metronome it's beating now listen you don't know this. But you can look. At other the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field that can be measured with instruments eight feet in diameter from the unibody your nervous system specifically your proprioceptive nervous system has six different types of data six channels of information that it monitors one which is electromagnetic fields. So if you're standing or sitting.

Next to somebody whose heart is beating at a certain rate and he's sending out a little electromagnetic pulses with a certain rhythm that are being picked up by another nervous system what do you think happens in a very short time that's right. It can't not once it does the rest of the system follows it this is when you start to reach that level where you start finishing other people's sentences you know what they're going to say before they say because every part of you is resonating at the same frequency and that information translate it depends. But if. I could take 41 separate metronomes without a nervous system that happens in under two minutes the train nervous system can be instantaneous the train nervous system the difference is is you have to know and remember a lot of these synchronizations don't pass the conscious line there's a firewall between the subconscious mind and the conscious mind now in remote viewing and some of the advanced neuro psychology terms or neural physics they call this the lemon and the lemon is literally a firewall that keeps the unconscious processes from filtering up and can directly guiding the conscious mind the way that happens the way things get bypassed is through the body.

So if. I can generate something in my subconscious. I mirror it through my body. I will affect you this way if.

I can close the circuits with my words. Then everything matches and that gets a little bit advanced just remember the human being that you're communicating with is looking for themselves they don't consciously know it. So if all you do is give their words back to them they will fall into sync with you they will feel understood by you in a way that's true the powerful okay. How many women here have ever used the phrase he just doesn't get me how many men have ever heard that phrase he just doesn't get me or you just don't get it right.

This is how they get. God this is how they get. God. I'm gonna give you the passing code to relationships to that be okay.

You sure it's not exactly flirting it's alright. I'm sure all right. If. I get hate email because this here's how it works.

I told you guys that. I'm a quote expert in conversational hypnosis well remember that though the better the bread butter language patterns that. I teach are. So powerful because they are the building blocks of human thought literally if you were to listen to the structure of a person's words coming out of their mouth and look.

At the structural components of you know what word comes before what was the actual process that it's doing you would find these core language patterns that. I teach artists are mirrored in the structure of your thoughts there are two primary language patterns that most of our reality is based on they are not the most powerful. But they're right. Up there what is called cause and effect the other is called complex equivalence okay.

Now they both have a similar structure. But the differences make a difference and the reason. I bring this up is not to teach you about hypnotic language when language by itself is inherently hypnotic. Anyway it's the most intuitive thing we learn.

But there's an. X causes. Y this is almost like algebra right. X is something that is true y is something we want them to do all right.

And that's as much as. I'm gonna teach about this in terms of gender relationships men predominantly think it cause and effect relationships okay. Give you a prime example one of the examples. I often give is let's say little.

Johnny you're married johnny has a soccer game and you know as a father that it's vitally vitally important that you need to be a little. Johnny soccer game because he's your son right. But you're having a hell of a day at work right. [ __ ] clients [ __ ] dog's [ __ ] traffic.

So you're 20 minutes late you get this up. Donnie's soccer game they're already they're already packing up your wife comes up to you with that look. In her eye you know the one that says you won't pay for this [ __ ] and you don't know yet right. And you go honey.

I'm. So sorry the clients ran late at work the boss made me stay late traffic was a [ __ ] and that's why. I was late. I'm.

So sorry and she looks at you with that look. In your eye in her eyes. She goes if you loved your son you'd have been here structured what you've just seen is a common conflict between cause and effect and complex equivalents in a cause-and-effect relationship traffic was bad. Therefore.

I was late. But that's not how the genders think men think that way we're very simple ladies that's the problem or to [ __ ] it simple you are complex you are deep because you think predominant both genders use both both patterns. But there's a predominance in the world according to. David use it or not it's up to you complex equivalence is an x equals y relationship where x and y even though they're different words have the same meaning.

So in the cause and effect world. I was late to. Johnny soccer game because of traffic because of my boss because of the clients there's a causal relationship for one led to the other. But the female gender doesn't necessarily perceive the world that way remember their socialization remember their evolution they thrive they survive based on standing what the significance of a behavior is what it means in their world there are four gentlemen every single thing that you do has a meaning in their world and if you don't interact with them on the meaning level you are going to get neutered metaphorically and sometimes literally and everything on.

I see not everything. Last one right. There like bobbleheads cuz they get it guys we don't because we're simple right. I'm not bagging on you we got to understand this we got.

I got a drink it to your attention. So you can make an informed choice you can choose to go back to doing what you're doing and continue to get the results that you're getting or you can understand how they perceive the world. So that you can change and get a better result this is also the core of when they say he just doesn't you just don't get it that's the problem you're thinking and cause and effect terms. I did.

X which caused me to do why they're thinking. X equals y if you start relating to them on cause-and-effect terms you will dramatically transform your relationship. But it takes effort because we're not used to thinking this way and we're sure as hell not used to changing how we communicate to fit the other person which is why most of you will not use this because it takes energy and at the reptilian level the neurology responds to critical thinking having to monitor emotions control them change how you think and how you feel the same way it does to pain and they've proven this they've taken you someone let her in her she's trying to signal somebody she's got a pig hi. Pig lady are you turn into a pig you're aware.

King where pork alright. So. So you've seen you've run across this complex equivalents idea many times where you've heard saves on t-shirts time is money love is freedom right. There very simple examples of what we call a complex equivalency and it's important that when you relate to the other gender.

Then you speak to them in the way that they're going to sort for reality if you're willing to do that you will dramatically lubricate the communication process and it will feel more understood does that make sense now. I'm gonna give you one extra bonus anybody ever know. John. Godman was created to say okay.

John. Gottman is probably preside from. Virginia secure the most famous marriage family out there he ran a project called the love lab many years ago. I think it might even still be around and anybody here who read the book.

Blake by. Malcolm. Gladwell okay. In that book.

Blink which is a study of how intuitive thinkers operate there's a couple of chapters devoted to governments work because what. Godley did was he would take couples and he had this computer algorithm that he developed that would monitor the nonverbal interactions and the verbal interactions of people and with a 93 and 97 percent. I can't remotely exactly. But it was in the high 90s percentage he could predict in 15 minutes of conversation how likely that couple was to divorce now you need 3 to 97 percent based on the verbal and nonverbal interactions and most people lefted that.

But the combat anemic. John. Medina. I learned from him on what was on his book.

Called brain rules he talked about another study that government in which. I don't think. God nearly as much press in it should have he asked the. Second question.

Later on he said well if. I can accurately predict the variables that will cause or lead to the destruction of a marriage of a 93 to 97 percent accuracy rating can. I in fact sort for a variable. Then if that element or elements is present the marriage makes it by the way most we're both breakups are initiated by women in case you didn't know that okay.

60 percent of approaches initiated by women most. I can't have the exact percentage of breakups initiated by women we need to understand that because we're helpless guy is we're clueless right. Not after this every woman on a planets gonna be looking for you why any idea ladies why might every guy every woman on the planet might be more interested in the guys in this room after tonight because they might have a clue remember what. I said at the beginning.

I started talking about the checklist if you met a guy. I can touch you in exactly the right. Way at exactly the right. Time and said exactly the right.

Thing to you in a way that you felt completely understood that could take you places you've only ever fantasized about and. Then take you even further what would you not do for that guy guys that's where you're going you're the prize ladies you're the prize as well you know write this down abt abt always be testing ladies do this automatically guys we need to do it more we gotta be testing for who are the unique or who are the keepers and who are the unique fixer-upper opportunities and who are that oh hell no. Category right. Nobody in this room wants to be their partner's therapist and yet many times that's the relationship we find ourselves in that's why you must test the person you're with in the right.

Way. So that they can self-select into your world or out right. And that's what we're going. But this is where we need to start because.

I'm going to assume if you've gone through all the time of energy to create a relationship you actually want to keep it will that be true or not true okay. Just checking because sometimes people just want to rack them up like notches on their bedpost or in her lipstick cases pat benatar seems to say god. I like dated myself yet again. I'm sold.

So that someone said something. I heard it. Damien oh. I guess you guys want the variable you ready.

I'll tell you tomorrow here's how it works and it goes directly to their own words and this. I'm gonna use the words. I learned from. John.

Medina in the video he talked about and. Then. I'll try to meet clarify it a little bit here's what happens if the man can communicate to his partner his woman in such a way that she feels she perceives that he has been positively affected by her good words and intentions the marriage makes it that's it well that's the rub because nowhere in that sense to say that he actually access to a bear he just has to signal to her that she gets it that he gets it she just wants to be heard you heard that he just doesn't hear me. I want to be heard.

I'm talking to get in top of my lungs what are you not [ __ ] hearing right. This is what they're not hearing they're not hearing the meanings they're not hearing their words let them hear their words and magic happens now do it sincerely not condescendingly don't be sitting in your head giving her where it's back saying. I wish this [ __ ] will just get to the point don't be doing that [ __ ] a bad idea no. No.

No. No. Hey be honest be sincere when you do them when you can fake sincerity you got it nailed. I'm telling you seriously if you could you come from that place the sincere desire to connect and you utilize these methodologies it is dramatically powerful.

I can't tell you the kind of influence that you wield and that human beings life and how connected team they become mm-hmm yes. But. I was right. Yes.

It's interesting that you say that because to the odd when. I was working with what. Union law lot when. I was working with law.

I was originally a couple of people and you see me do this and you hear me reflect their words back you guys think it's funny because it's. So blatantly obvious to you. But they have a completely different experience of it completely pass the mic it's just. So we can hear because.

I get complaints what exactly do. I do when the girl says something yeah hmm oh that's a great one they're pissed off about something what you do besides giving their words back to them is you get pissed off too at the exact same thing they're pissed off at yeah and if you can get madder about it than she is she calms down no. Not really not really. But you do have to take on her perspective long enough to understand which women are trained to do the time they come out of the womb we are not as men we are designed.

I assert dominance boom be king now you fall and train with me because. I'm the head. I'm the king right. That's how we're taught that's our socialization right.

And that's also part of the problem that women are having nowadays pass the microphone while. I continue to talk his gender roles have changed. So much in the past 20 or 30 years that guys don't know how to be guys anymore and. I'm not.

I'm not saying that women don't deserve what they have in society. I absolutely believe they do we solved a lot of problems for women over the past 20-30 years. But we created a whole lot more we have to deal with those two yes. Their masculinity their balls yeah you're absolutely right.

You do this guy's that's cuz. I'm lazy alright. So let this gentleman here. First one wasn't at a time before we get into the dialogue.

I love this part okay. Then acknowledge what they say using their words and. Then go and you'll never go wrong acknowledging what they said using their words and. Then take them where you need to take them because until you signal understanding and comprehension they're going to interpret whatever comes out of your mouth this resistance acknowledged there's always something in what they said that you can agree with even is that you know.

I see that yeah. I think. I understand that you're truly upset about. XYZ cuz she just said.

I am pissed off about. XYZ. I can see that you're really upset about. XYZ yeah and you'll see that yeah and.

Then they'll give you more information for years guys. I'm telling you gang gang it's an editorial guy passing a microphone down to the. Senate for years when. I had my martial arts school in.

California this is how. I signed up people moms could call for their kids to go ring ring hello this is. Ana. Coral.

Springs martial arts academy this is. David how can. I help you hi my name is. Arlene.

I'm looking for karate lessons from my ten year old son. Jason oh. So you're looking for karate lessons for your ten-year-old son. Jason yeah great well tell me a little bit about.

Jason what's going on with. Jason looking at me thinking what kind of karate you looking for well. Jason's a little small for his age and you know and he says is a smart kid. But you know he's he's young and.

I'm afraid my pick on em and. I wanted to be a little bit more focused. I say. So.

Jason's a little bit young for his age you pray the kids might pick on him a little bit. But he's really smart yeah perfect we've got a class that were designed directly for people who are you know kind of small. But who need a way to protect themselves now whether they're really really intelligent like. Jason or you know just average this is a class that is ton of it's taught a simple fun easy way that helps prevent people from being bullied because they're small now we have a couple of we have a free introductory program that we that we have where we offer three.

Fri pre pre pre private classes and a couple endows free uniform. But we teach kids like. Jason exactly how to you know fend off those bullies to keep from being picked on and to exert himself and insert it in a way that's you know asana stand up for himself and feel more comfortable we have a slot available at 6:30 on. Thursday and we have one at 5:00 p.m. on.

Friday which is easier for you. I think. I think 6:30 on. Thursday because.

Then. I can pick him up on my home from work great well pencil. Jason and we'll see you there though and. I promise you that was the best conversation that woman had from any martial arts school that she has called why.

I listened that's the key we think that because we're giving their own words back that this is somehow artificial it isn't it is a more intimate attentive conversational process than anything that most people have ever encountered oh hell yeah talk to this lady right. Here she's a survivor of my rabbit attraction secrets workshop put the. Whammy on a guy. I never saw it coming.

Anyway be that as it may. But yes. If you're a human being with a pulse and a nervous system this will work on you it can't not even when you know it's being done as long as you're coming from a sincere place if you're coming from that sincere desire to connect and communicate with another person it's no. Longer a trick it's no.

Longer something you're pulling on somebody it's something you're doing with because you truly want to understand them and get to know them better now that what we do with that understanding that's where the rubber hits the road that's where we get into that always be testing phase which brings us to the three magic questions and three magic questions we're going to give you the the. Reader's. Digest version and. I have whole videos of this on.

YouTube. But three magic questions is a conversational framework that allows you to walk up to a complete stranger initiate a conversation and within 20 minutes have them on the verge of falling in love of you and know more about them than their best friends now and all during that process you're gathering information that lets you decide if it's time to eject or if you want to hook. Them or her now. I have to warn you this was a conversational framework designed for women for women to be used on men it is not fair that's the test okay.

In fact a bunch of my other clients got ahold of this process. But. I consult with personal injury attorneys all over the world on how to influence juries courtrooms and judges and things like that my trial attorneys got ahold of this three magic questions protocol and literally putting the whammy on juries making the juries fall in love with them and literally had expert witnesses waving their attorney-client privilege in order to answer their questions. I have my video that's how powerful this is and that's just the framework if you're doing the body language stuff we talked about it the.

First part of the meet up. First it's even more unstoppable we have full courses on that and we can talk about this. Later. But let's go about three mq3 up.

Q goes like this three levels of question these are categories of question location occasion not one level to career passion level three early childhood experiences yes. Well the problem is we need people the reason that it feels like a job interview and there's probably not a lot of look. For there be they're not using your words and see they're not softening the questions that they ask. So it's it's very abrasive and it's a very fun it seems like an interrogation yeah because they're not there they're coming into two direct guys tattoo this on your forehead if you if you want to excite a woman faster go slower if you want to excite a woman more directly be indirect it's like you read the playbook.

You bastard true not your lady's right. Remember guys predators see it kill it right. It's very linear that's not how they work it's not how they work right. But if you understand the strategy you can get what you want faster by giving them what they want slower you understand that and that's pretty true at every level of interaction okay.

But again that's not in this course. T is. DS. DS 3 of magic questions now going back to was your name again this.

Amy what amy was saying about it sounding like an interrogation the reason it sounds like in her job interview job interviews are interrogations they're just in a nicer frame the secret though is that you have to soften the questions you have to soften the questions because you have different kinds of reactants that we're throwing again. I don't there's some thrown out all these little tidbits here and there. I'm sorry for that. But one of the things that happens is we go through this little pushback phase of this little pushback visceral response anytime we experience an attempt at influencing us that we didn't invite our ass for and one of the ways that people use.

NLP badly is that even though the techniques themselves are powerful and they're effective they also because if you don't set them up properly they're. So powerful that they signal that bits that something is happening that something is being done and the body doesn't like that okay. Long time. I use you for a.

Second this is a metaphor even though it's true at the at the physiological. I don't want to shake your hand [ __ ] now thought as my friend kind of we've kind of passed each other often he is one of the movers and shakers and world ventures. So if you guys want to get really cool vacation deals talk to lawn and his good partner over here. But now.

I'm going to make one my little puppet he's going to be my main target for a moment right. And. I'm gonna do this to explain. I'm gonna cheat.

I'm going to demonstrate it on a physiological level. But. I want you to understand the same exact phenomena is happening on a psycho emotional level on a decision or behavioral level if. I push on him on he's kind of solid he doesn't really want to have any kind of what's the [ __ ] [ __ ] ready.

I push on him he wants to push back you ever had that experience where someone's pushing us to do something even though we know it's in our best interest they're just little. I call the [ __ ] fender say [ __ ] you. I know it's the right. Thing.

I still ain't gonna do it right. Or. I pull online and he doesn't want to move why because it's one machine exerting its will and another machine right. But if.

I bond with lon. I love one. So now we're no. Longer.

David along we're dawn which ironically is my wife's name. But when. I do that and. I dissolve the barriers between self and other and an interesting thing happens and he doesn't think to resist that was weird wasn't it yep give him a big round of applause you guys like that done.

I got more of that [ __ ] trust me you have not even begun to tap into a tenth tenth of the power linked in your body in your nervous system there is. So much that you're capable of if you could see yourself as the way. I see you. I know we're here for fun for flirting and all these wonderful things.

But you're. So magical there's. So much that you can do if you just ask the right. Questions and get off your ass get your body engaged magic is real and it's in you.

So think about that the most important words a person can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouths the human the nervous system of every human being on the planet is looking for itself to the degree that you match that checklist the barriers to intimacy drop and you get more excited more connected more aroused and more pleasure faster remember that women everything guys everything you do in their world has a meaning. So don't just justify what you did by accident find out what what you did means to them and allow yourself with that and side bar doesn't mean she won't still be pissed at you. However here's the. Next part of that lawyer in the process ever come on in how many whatever married not many okay.

That's in another class. But anybody here ever been in a relationship with an opposite. I've been a member of the opposite sex ladies let me ask if this is true you had a shitty day at the office you've handled all your problems he comes home you start telling him about your day and he starts telling you how to fix all that [ __ ] guys here's the point the female neurology needs to vent when they come home when you come home or they come home they start telling you about their day and all the problems they encountered they've already fixed them they've already solved them they just want to vent free on you for a little while if you let them vent you'll live in paradise after you shower the slime off right. If you just let the system depressurize you could say sheriff that's when your word is yes.

We have a question back here past the magic microphone that's it that's the master custom master you guys have about this is this useful okay. Well. First of all it's because he the guy doesn't understand what's actually happening. So he thinks it's all directed at him he's applying it to himself she's yelling at these because she's mad at me guys raise your hands if that's true in your world.

I know why you're not that's. God. I don't make the rules you're stupid in a good way we don't understand that gonna hurt someone guys again this goes back to neuroscience this is all things you just when a guy gets stressed out he becomes very global he be couldn't you just want you to get to the bottom line when the female neurology gets stressed out they get more detailed they get more specific okay. So if a guy comes home maybe he's had a stressful day and the.

First thing you hear is what's coming out of your mouth you've just gone wood on his fire which have shifted his perceptual filters he sorts by cont by cause and effect his rational factor has checked out right. Because you've added stress to an already stressed system he doesn't have the resources to apply critical thinking know what you're saying because because men just want to fix things because that's what we do that's what we do there's a problem we fix it you come to us with a problem we're gonna go kill it usually that solves it right. Okay. I wouldn't use that word no.

Don't use don't mm it gets really complicated really quick doesn't and my point is is you automatically assume and this is the projection thing we talked about earlier you automatically assume the human being you're talking to. But even though their plumbing is different operates exactly the same way you do and. So they get things about you that they don't because they don't perceive the world the same way conversely they don't you don't get them because they've received the world differently right. We need to create that bridge of understanding that allows us to translate we need to understand the dynamics of what we're seeing guy walking in right.

On that ludovic woman just explodes all over him in spite of what he consciously knows usually the vehemence and the volume and the amplitude of that emotional release overwhelms his critical factor and all he wants to do is save you that's what we're doing you got it you got to get that lady when you vent at us and you tell us about your problems all we want to do is fix it for you because you're important to us we don't realize you've already fixed it again we don't realize it and we insult you inadvertently by telling you how to fix it because we assume if you're complaining about it it's still a problem you understand we make an assumption we don't understand you more than similar know if you probably already solve your shape six different ways you just want somebody to spew on for a while now how does that go back to this whole argument thing after you've gone out of the argument resolution process you're still in your refractory period. So you gotta be careful. But remember even if you were the source of the argument and you resolve the argument she still needs to event how many guys have had this experience you've gone through the argument process that knocked down the drag-out right. You've apologized she's accepted your apology and.

Then for the. Next 10 minutes she kicks your ass again okay. I love the shirt by the way it's actually somewhat true problem is because women are indirect they meander don't get to the point now. I didn't mean exactly that way.

However one of the things that we have to introducing some words there that. I think we need to really clarify any time somebody uses a word of communication and effectively you need to ask different questions how specifically are you communicating and what does effective actually mean right. Because you may she thinks she knows exactly what she means by those words and you think you do you think you know what they mean because they're a general word. But you fill in the content and that's a different class.

So if you want to listen and you want to really tap into how your partner is feeling there are certain generalities that we can observe right. Off the bat in a stressful situation the mail neurology may become more global they will want you to get to the point they will also find a cave somewhere because that's how we deal with [ __ ] right. We made in that room we make beat up a pillow scream into a pillow you know curse on mother for letting us be born whatever we're going to wear a shirt smell not gonna lie you see it. But.

God that's how they get you did to the scene they cage intimacy my when you show vulnerability you can't do that in a male crowd because you do that in prehistoric days you break out and decry the old pack swarms you it's a reptilian response now. I get where part one we're getting way off the beaten die okay. But getting back to the whole relationship idea that's romantic questions just to close this loop on relationship stuff. I mean you know in turn relationship stuff when a guy gets stressed against global he thinks in cause-and-effect terms he is automatically assumes that because you're yelling and screaming at him a you need saving and.

B you haven't fixed the problem yet and it's a temple somehow someway he's involved okay. Ladies when you get stressed with your neurology get stressed out you get more specific you need you solved your problems. But you need to vent guys let them vent whether you're the source of the problem originally and you resolve it let them vent. Anyway know in your mind this is where you can show strength and sensitivity and dominance by letting the invention on you to you now you already the word - we tend to think about it as on the show the strength to be calm in the face of the wave of emotion washing over you and it's easy to do once you realize that you just changed my posture and it's not about you even when it is it's not about you even when it is and be that guy demonstrate the strength that every woman is desperate to have in their life that lets them know it's okay.

To be more feminine now when you do that you're gonna be amazed at the results you get it's counterintuitive it's counterintuitive it goes against everything that both social both sides of the socialization button have taught us because that whole culture that whole machine is designed to breed starvation hunger and frustration into you. So you'll find more products they'll buy more books you'll buy better clothes okay. Don't machine the game is rigged ladies and gentlemen by. Hollywood.

Wall. Street movie in television programming you in ways you can't possibly imagine and some of you can something any question this is the ghana thing she said that have you done yeah good it's much better than not me. Then because it depends on the stage you learn a relationship if you haven't been intimate with a woman yet and she starts venting. I'm talking about people who've gone through the rituals and we're coming a relation going into a ongoing somewhat long-term relationship this is where you want to maintaining build on that relationship the problem that we have with a lot of relationship dynamics is that once we get into that long-term relationship we stop being the person that got enough all of us in the.

First place and we're programmed that way through society once we say. I do we stop doing it's slow in in cities it's like a time delay. But if you've been in a relationship for a long period of time and you want to put the spark back into it do all the things you did before you got married visit all those places those memories those feelings that person is still there and when you bring it back everything will come back okay. That's the simplest stuff.

I could give you right. Now at the time that we have can they go back to this would that be okay. All right. Location occasion and again goes back to softening always tell the person why you're gonna ask them what you're about to ask them that way everything you ask doesn't sound like an interrogation.

So it's a me right. So. Amy just. So.

I can understand you better what was what was it that made you want to come out tonight what brought you out here tonight you turn it on it's larger these are chicken [ __ ] and they're probably not with your time happens to everybody right. There's a lot of guys who failed to what's the word fill the launch right. But it's a good question how do you know cool all right. Very good and again because and you came to obviously you came here by yourself.

So right. It's a cold. So what. I just did with.

Amy was. I asked the. First level of the three magic questions. I asked her why she came here tonight what does she think about.

X what does she think about why. But. I did it in a way that was soft. I pre framed what.

I said. I said just. So. I understand you better absolutely right.

That's the point if you soften what you do and you come from a sincere place and you use as many of their words in your response and in your question as you can it will go right. In and it will be very natural and very touching and very trust facilitating that make sense and this will be true in an intimate relationship it will be true in a sales relationship will be true in a group in situation like this which is a little bit more difficult cuz everything you have your own at words. So. I have to speak in very global terms that you can fill in your own content.

But it's still just as true right. The. Next level of question is called career and passion now in career passion questions. But thing we need to understand is this idea that in this society in all societies that are derivatives or views our society as a foundation you are what you do when people what's your name again.

Sharon. I'm curious what do you do for a living you're an ultrasound technician very very cool she's not gonna use it fine geez you guys are getting all like micro fascist on. Manson thank you. So she said.

I have an ultrasound technician she does not say. I do ultrasound any time you hear the word. I am what you are hearing is what we call an identity statement it is a complex equivalence where. I and my job are the same.

I don't know what you're hearing when you hear that identity statement is a complex equivalence it's literally them saying this is who. I am this is what. I do and they're the same you are what you do in most cultures. Therefore anytime you talk about what you do you are talking about you had a very very deep emotional level we all know stories that people who've been very successful in their job very successful in their relationship.

Then either they lose the job and their life goes to [ __ ] right. Or they lose the relationship and their life goes to [ __ ] in the job follows it's because the / same processes happen though the levels of reality we identify with certain things to her being an ultrasound technician is at the same level of being a part of her as her arm and she will fight as hard to keep that. I am relationship as she would her own appendage anything that you identify with controls you understand that that's a very profound influence principle anything you identify with controls you anything you decided to fight from you can't control over how does that relate to this you can't talk the thing she does for a living is a pillar of her identity it's something her entire worldview is built on and there's an emotional component connected to that there you go say. I didn't get it quite right.

Right. Okay. So a technologist and is there is there a professional distinction between that's why understand better. So she runs them into technician fixes them thank you for correcting me why.

I didn't get the words exactly and that will happen by the way that will happen when you give somebody their words and that process goes into this they will start the floodgates will open and they will want to give you even more and more and more and they'll want to make sure you get it just right. Even if you didn't ask right. And the more they talk the better you look. The more they talk the better you look.

When someone talks about their career they're going to the very foundations of their identity you cannot talk about the building blocks at an emotional level of your identity without experiencing profound pleasure understand that the act of talking about something that is held at an identity level creates an extreme sense of desire for connection and validation and if they're looking at you while they're undergoing that feeling guess who they get linked to the person they're talking to and you don't have to do anything else. But ask the question listen and give their words back now a lot of ladies do this all the time which is why they can ever get rid of those mofos right. Because they're taught to do this a little better than guys on the difference is we want to get more strategic with it when we start talking about career and passion we want to start about targeting positive. States positive emotions positive ideas if you ask somebody to tell me about.

So tell me uh which an. Indiana sorry. Sharon. I want to say guys.

I had a right. Sharon. So an ultrasound technologist did you just wake up one day and decide to be an ultrasound technologist or what put that idea in your head. I'm curious you worked in a bank science and biology.

I look. At science and biology every got a cold sweat my wife isn't has a. PhD in biochem and. Then she decided to quit biotech and go into chiropractic and.

Then acupuncture and. Oriental medicine we met over a dead body. So science and technology our sights the science of technologies that we did biology cool some curious was that a lifelong thing from when you were a little kid or what happened with that did you really did you ever experiment like the local neighbors and should. I turn them into.

Frankenstein cool right. So what do you. I'm curious what do you find most fascinating about about what you do what's the most what's the coolest part of your day isn't it you can see live did you see what happened to her. But she lit up like a.

Christmas tree you see it it's amazing she's seen pictures in her head she's out of feelings who's she looking at she knew. I was doing it if you do this from an ethical and. I'm not doing this to make fun of sharing at all because she's a fascinating person. I want to know her.

But most importantly. I want to know she's someone cool is she someone. I want to get to know better she's someone. I want to spend more time with to let her into my world right.

And is it okay. If that's up going through that process that. I make her feel good - would that be a win-win what you think cool right. Did it feel weird at all you guys who do what.

I was obvious what. I was doing right. And yet the magic happens because we're all biltman. I'm not trying to downplay your own uniqueness you're all unique and different.

But not that much right. And again the whole idea is how are you unique and how do. I mirror that back to you in a way that you know. I get you how do you know.

I understand all right. Cuz it doesn't matter what my intention is what matters is what you interpret from what. I do. I can scream to the fire fence at how much.

I respect you and honor and validate you. But if. I'm not doing it in words you can relate to those concepts they're just going to bounce off it will be a less than fulfilling experience does that make sense okay. Last set of questions.

I actually write to level three questions. Then. I went back just to make sure that. I didn't lose you in the suit.

I started asking did you grow up you know and uh did you start out as a kid like waking up and doing experiments on people and things like that and. I went to that biology and science thing the. Next level these questions is early positive childhood experiences who are your friends what did you like to do what did you plan now remember that in addition to being an attraction generating mechanism this goes from very very safe to very very intimate very quickly it can be done in as little as twenty minutes. I don't recommend you try to do that you do need to soften the questions you need to avoid yes.

And no. Questions right. Anytime you can get them to elaborate on the information and the question that you've asked the longer they talk male to female female the male male to male female to female it doesn't matter the longer they talk the better you look. The more attractive you become it just works that way and you will understand that person better than anyone on the planet and the best part is they will think that you understand that better than anyone on that planet which is really what it's about okay.

Now you want to have a banter you want to be fun and playful and light-hearted yes. They've already flagged themselves remember this is a testing problem nervous that abt always be testing. I'm giving you the retraction generating entered information processing aspect of the technique. But there's another side to it there's a evaluation aspect as these people talk they are going to volunteer information like it's going out of style in fact you've got a lot of you guys gonna love this one the more into this process they get the harder it is for them to lie to you harder busier than the lighting.

But deeper that connection goes the more they had to physically change and break the connection they've built to muster up a falsehood because they just don't want to do that right. And you'll see it you'll see it in the nonverbals you'll feel it you'll hear it right. And we have all whole courses on that hopefully you'll come back and see that or you can watch them on. YouTube they're there let's see where.

I'm going okay. We'll get it kind of. Finally. So what else did.

I talk about that. I said that was going on you guys guys there are the three magic question oh the evaluative process if you ask them about one curious you know just. So. I understand you know what you know you're a know you work in marketing cool what what made you decide to go into marketing was that like something you've always wanted to do is this a habit honor by accent what kind of that well and again this is where it kind of splits if you get answers like well you know what ever since.

I went than what my dad was in marketing and he would come home and he would tell all these stories about all these cool people that he met and all the wonderful places that he did and we had a pretty good life. I always worship my dad. I was wondering to be like my dad. So.

I really kind of developed that a knack for marketing it just seemed like a natural fit for me that when was my turn to get out in the world that you know. I create my own life by by embracing that marketing going smart now what do you feel about that person this person that you're talking to who's again what kind of you did that. Outlook. That they have online right.

Are they go getters all right. Are they someone who's going to add value right. Contrast well you know my dad was in marketing and he started his own firm and. I never was really that interested in it.

But you know. I figured it wasn't easy money my dad had to calm you know my dad on the company. I have a lot of plans for the company though and as soon as. I get you know how the seller and.

I get out of rehab you know. I'm gonna take that company they're big places now you know. I know how the people think that you know. I get a lot of slack because.

I'm the boss okay. They're really just jealous. But. I know that once.

I'm in charge of dad passes on you know. I'm gonna kick some serious ass. I make all those [ __ ] paid laughed at me danger. Will.

Robinson danger right. Now here's the worst part they'll have no. Idea the impact of what they just said they will be on a roll and on a quest for validation and that [ __ ] will just pour out like spaghetti from a ziplock bag okay. The question becomes what will you do some of you have done this process will tell you you're in trance too you have to have enough presence of mind the ability to evaluate what's going on to say.

I mean my parakeets have a make substantial crisis right. You have to be willing to eject and you need to have your [ __ ] in a row [ __ ] handled before you take them in the question level 3 because that's where you cement in the attraction you cement in the attraction by having them will revisit early positive childhood experiences who are your friends what did you play it how many people here have ever had the experience of meeting somebody and maybe only known them for a few minutes. But it seems like you've known them your whole life it's just some party that just reaches back and just feels that connection how does that happen um empathy can be well when you go through level 3 with this process you're actually stimulating that process we have people go back in time and remember an event when they have to go all the way back the most powerful memories that you have are your early childhood experiences and as you go back to those early childhood experiences they are the foundation of everything else that comes afterwards and you are literally by having them talk about those experiences and relate those experiences to you you are injecting yourself into those memories they become connected. So be very very respectful because when you do this they will become very attached barely attached gangs have your whip in your gun and that's how it works now within that whole process there's actually more going on.

But if you just had that the nuts and bolts of it and everything now there's another process that happens within this cut called analog matching. So. I'm talking to this young lady she's telling me the story of her life and. I'm listening.

I'm paying attention to everything that comes out of her mouth and when there are certain key phrases or words that she leans on her or emphasizes in some way. I'm making little notes. So that when it's my turn to talk it's time for me to tell my story because that's what we did ladies true not true you're with a guy you're telling the story about this great vacation you went on or or this great experience you had the. Next thing that comes out of your mouth is does your barber says and that reminds me of when.

I ex guy it's true not true you've done the same thing you've had - same thing happened with the ladies what you've just experienced is what. NLP calls a transformational search it is your brain search for meaning and on a different level commonality the minute you hear a story your brain starts looking for any analog in your pen in your experience that matches and. Then you just wait. I think.

I'm speaking. AK is it my turn and. Then soon as it's your turn it's already how to. Transylvania moment.

I have three kids right. And what happens did you tell your story probably as you talk too long and you don't use their words. So when it's time to tell your story because they expect you to talk it's not a monologue when it's time to tell your story use their words to tell your story and they will be engaged and absorbed and interested and talk for a short time the rule. I gave of this gentleman over here when he asked about their talking too long think about it the 80/20 rule the eighty-two rule you talk for two minutes for every eight minutes they get to talk right.

So they've gone on for 80 minutes about something that's powerful and exciting and moving in their life and it's you're trying to tell a similar story or match to analog talk for about two minutes and. Then ask them another question that's just a rule of thumb use your use your best judgment right. Now another thing that comes up a lot is how you keep out of the friendzone a don't want to be don't be their freakin therapist at any stretch of this process avoid being a therapist your job is not to be their therapist your job is to find out available what being partners or actually they have a like that you would like to be part of your life and if the answer to that is no. Go.

I have let them down easy right. But be definitive it's your life. I've seen people waffle on this and wind up in relationships that they were miserable because they forgot the rule what's the role really always be testing right. Always be testing be curious about that person create connection with that person.

But you're always at this part of the process you are seeking commonality and finding out if this person is going to add value to your life or a drain on your resources you will save yourselves thousands of dollars or droves makeovers crash diets right. Carbs find out what's important to that person use their words to do it keep them fun and remember that attraction is generated by banter playfulness and most importantly a. Status gap what the hell does that mean it means if you just get a rapport with somebody you're usually gonna wind up in the friend zone because there's no. Dynamism to the relationship there's no.

Losing. I'm using that. Transylvania movie again there's no. Thing.

But there. But that social status thing is a reptilian response remember at the reptile brain rejection from the group is equivalent to extinction. Jenna you will feel a physical pain at the threat of rejection. But everybody feels it even the person rejecting you.

However we are taught to sort for the high status numbers because we also know that society protects it's high status why they have access to more resources they bring more value and enhance the survivability of the group. So let me ask a quick question that's it it's. Joe versus the volcano. Moment okay.

I'm in deep [ __ ] alright. Nobody understands the reference. I'm gonna be trouble you guys know. Joe verses are located all right.

When the volcano. God is angry and the village must sacrifice to the volcano. God who do they throw in the chief the medicine man or the cute virgin by or what they do they get sneaky they cating for a day in the volcano. You go hey why because society protects its high status members now guys think about this for a moment ladies think about this in terms of a purely survival response if you our program to survive at all costs to procure the greatest amount of resources to.

June to guarantee the survival of your offspring who would you want to allow yourself with a janitor the head of the army or the. Emperor that's right. We as a reptilian species know this okay. And.

So we've evolved in such a way that we are predisposed to sorting for things that indicate higher social value now what we use to sort for that is now largely context dependent prior to the advent of the technology that we're dealing with it was based on who was bigger and stronger more athletic and in certain contexts we still sort for that. But it's also going down to who has more money who has more intelligence who has a better sense of humor absolutely baby absolutely. But. I'm not talking about in terms of what's morally right.

Or wrong okay. Sorry yeah we got to remember that the reptile doesn't care about again the reptile brain does not care about right. Now does not care about good or evil it cares about pushing the genes forward now it will wrap emotions and rationalizations around it like a pearl like a always to wraps a a substance around a pearl to smooth it out. But at the end of the day what really created that beautiful pole that you're seeing on the outside or something else pissing off the oyster on the inside right.

True not true right. So many times the rationalizations that we generate for why we do the things we do are just that there's stories that we generate to justify to the outside world the behaviors that we're engaging in and to ourselves. I'm a hypnotist people lie to me all day long they don't know they're lying because their mind themselves - all right. Again.

I appear to the hearts and minds of human beings every single day and there's one thing. I can tell you that inside every single one of us is a scared little child terrified of being alone and desperate to be accepted desperate and. I spend a lot of time reconnecting those parts. So they get that that's what.

I do every single day. I'm gonna make you guys a promise. I promised you guys a list of stuff that is lean. I want to get you guys out of here cuz.

I've gone way too long. So. I'm gonna give you guys a free gift. First one is everybody who came out tonight just to walk into my office is $175 an hour for everybody who came out tonight brave the traffic put up with my substandard chocolate really upset because they discontinued the brand.

I normally get and. I had a substitute really upset because. I had it down to a science. I knew exactly what ordered sequence of chocolate you were going to eat you were gonna eat the dark chocolate.

KitKat. First. Then you were gonna eat the white chocolate. Kit.

Kats and you really the [ __ ] milk chocolate for me coming out of here. But they discontinued that. So. I have to start all over again.

But. I have here a list of approachability secrets for women. I will give everybody a. PDF with this on it okay.

I also have here a list of the top 16 flirting signals that you command a woman can use for man that go from the least come here and have a good time big boy to the most let's get it on now right. And again these are actually taken from a book. How make anyone fall in love with you. I think it's buddleia roundest.

But. I will send you a list of those and these are things that you can do in addition to everything else. Then helping you to signal to the opposite gender especially got ladies singling the guys in a way that they might be able to proceed a little bit more clearly. Then you're interested remember late guys 60% of all approaches are initiated by women.

But they don't go up to ago hey baby boy. I want look. At the fun game right. They don't do that what they do is they engineer the opportunity for you to approach.

So how many guys have it in a bookstore and a high an attractive woman walks into the area now you're sitting there reading. Sports. Illustrated. Popular.

Mechanics and there's a very attractive um. I'm just gonna hang it up for about 30 seconds and you know she's nice and you're back to the sports section now you hear everyone you're missing it because what's obvious to the females is not. So obvious to us right. Anybody here ever been in a room with a woman who did not like them yeah.

I know. I. I just got the shrinkage every time. I think here's the rule when a woman is not liking you she's not digging you at all she will either literally or metaphorically remove you from her environment okay.

You could be standing right. Behind her and there's like nothing there she does there not acknowledge you at all here's the corollary to that women do not pay attention to people they're not interested in when an attractive woman wanders into your area and she stays there for any length of time she's engineering an opportunity for you to separate yourself from the pack you get back you have three glances to make it work. So the. First time she walks in she makes icon to actually smile says that's one.

Second. I counted that's two thereby contact three loser guys won't nurse. Nancy there's. Nancy right.

He's looking at it was. Sports. Illustrated version because it doesn't register the fact that a female came into an area where a female wouldn't normally go this goes all way back to the playground damn. I can't really go into it you guys want to get a story.

I'm still there. I'm here all [ __ ] night night it's okay. It's okay. But.

Anyway getting back to the free gift anybody who wants to came out to know you through all of this meandering free 30-minute one-on-one time with me in my clinic in. Solana. Beach. I don't promise to fix all your problem by brute promise to listen answer any questions you have fill in the blanks if there's any way that.

I can help you either professionally or whatever. I'll tell you if there isn't. I'll tell you that too there's no. Obligation for anything we're going to get this video up on youtube as fast as we can we'll get the.

PDFs up for you. ASAP. But. I highly recommend you take the opportunity to come out and talk and get to know me.

I'd like the opportunity to get to know you we don't have a lot of slots. Club doing a lot of traveling we just opened our six. NLP power chapter across the country. I am really really excited about that give me the clock because don't give me the clap.

So all you got to do to claim your free gift is go see my daughter. Tracy and our lovely. Linda over there she will help you get it on the schedule also we have a few things coming up for those of you let me give you like free food how they were like really good free food okay. December 12 right.

That date on your calendar my clinic is celebrating it'll be will be open ten years on. March 14th 2015 or 2016. But we're having a. Christmas party and it's an open house and everybody's invited lots of free food we have a cool balcony overlooking the ocean we'll be doing.

I'll be doing some free talk. So. I'll be doing one instant emergency pain relief we'll be doing some other really cool talks. I'd like all of you to come out and just hang out with us and get to know us and stuff like that on.

February 14 2016. I didn't know is going to talk about this. But there's actually a big day of romance here a romance gala mr. dad is going to be hosting and that is is it is it free it or just some coming events alright. Well if you're interested in coming to that event there's a whole the whole bunch of free things planned and other stuff.

I think there's gonna be speakers. I don't know didn't you tell me about this yes. Yeah a little romance. Expo 21st.

I'm sorry number oh man sex though. February 21st yeah. I'm doing my [ __ ] book. For.

Valentine's. Day can. I get it you understand. I'm ahead of you and that's what.

I'm saying under your chairs is a talk. I just decided to do it's called real world romance rabbit attraction secrets it covers all the material night plus it gives you the entire system from meaning to dating mating and relating and what we're doing is normally to walk into that training is 975 anybody who wants to sign up early today you can also see. Tracy we're gonna give you a fast action really for discounted 297 just for coming out tonight okay. Yeah it's a massive discount because.

I'm going to create a product out of it and. I like to have big rooms when. I do products because it brings the best out of me alright. So.

So what. I will do is. I will get you the. PDF of the things.

I promise to give you and. I will make them downloadable from the. NLP power websites. NLP power calm the video will be up as soon as.

I can get it there it is much chocolate as you can cuz. I do not want to take it home a couple of things if you had a good time and how people had a good time tonight you had a good time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's and we have another one coming up in two weeks it's called secrets of personal transformation and we're going to show you more about how to control the neurology how to program yourself to use the law of attraction. I may even show you how to change water into wine alright.

Not exactly like that. But if. I could show you how to put energy in order. So much.

So that you could probably test to test and sense the taste the change in taste of it would that be cool and that's what we'll do. So by all means tell your friends post good things to the. Meetup thank you all for coming out see. Tracy to their guests.
