Title: Psychological Secrets for Love, Sex, Money Magic and More! AMA | Dr. David Snyder
File Name: FEh-aBsLle8.txt
Video Id: FEh-aBsLle8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FEh-aBsLle8

[Music] help oops hello hello hello everyone welcome to super surprise mystery meetup for friday july 15th this is dr david checking in i have just spent a vicious time being proven yet again how uh not tech savvy i am. So um maybe we'll maybe some of you guys will pop in and say hi maybe we're all working today i don't know um. But we'll see if anybody shows up there's somebody say hi hey there hey there liam good to see you brother up and power incarnate is here oh we got it we got from two to eight instantly people are showing up yay buddy as you can see i'm uh this one's just for you guys today uh no. Zoom uh no.

Webinar no. Uh others no. Fancy backgrounds as you can see i'm just streaming from my studio here what is the transformational triad and how do i perform it the transformational triad art is the combination of color breathing energy spinning and magic frame um if you go to the. Last webinar video i did i taught two of the three go back and review those and start playing with those let's see there's jennifer from vegas and anita ground 77 nice to see you again uh let's see here estee good to see you as always vegas is looming very very close.

So let's see there's bill. So i'm here i'm hanging what you guys want to talk about that's the one thing that kind of sucks a little bit about about youtube is that uh i can't i can only i can only talk to you via chat sometimes i think some of the most interesting content is where you've got live conversations going on of course it's hard to manage. But you know bill southard says should we be listening over a friday afternoon beer if that's what makes you happy and you're not driving operating heavy machinery or doing anything that might get you in trouble should you be under the influence go for it all right. So ground 77 david do you agree with me if i say that one of the most important things is to learn how to exist and not exist at the same time it's a very buddhist thing to say right.

[Music]. But yeah from a buddhist perspective what you're saying is absolutely correct yeah uh pedro kuto how do you how do you get a fast deep connection with a person mirror their posture echo their words use the three magic questions use those three and pretty much everyone you meet will fall in love with you more or less arc says i am completely broke how do i start from zero what do i begin with spinning image cycling um okay. First and foremost are i'm going to tell you something you're probably not going to want to hear. But it's based on something that i've learned through a long life of getting my nuts kicked in metaphorically and sometimes literally uh one of my uh more interesting teachers a lady by the name of taylor sinclair used to quote her mother to me and her mother would say you can be or do or have anything that you want in this life.

But. First you have to become the person for whom that thing can happen to. So when you say should i start with magic frame or spinning or image cycling it starts with you right. What is it you want and are you [Music] the person who can have it and what i mean by that is do you have the requisite training do you have the requisite attributes do you have the things that a person who enjoys the things you want to have in your life be able to access many times especially my students in law of attraction one of the biggest problems that we have is you know we want to be and again i'm using a metaphor here.

So please don't take me literally we want to be medical doctors and we haven't graduated high school right. Is it theoretically possible yeah theoretically anything's possible is it likely no. Why you haven't put the time in you haven't become the person who can be a doctor do you have the potentials probably right. The question is how are you going about actualizing that potential this is something a lot of people in law of attraction don't want to hear.

But it's something that that law of attraction students need to understand there is magic in the world. But there's also cause and effect and. So what happens many times is when people start to cycle for things that they need to become a different person for their life blows up and life forces them to go through a series of experiences and events and circumstances that cause them to grow in ways that allow them to become and morph into the person who can have the thing they said they want now sometimes that's a painful process sometimes it's not sometimes it's just a long arduous ongoing process sometimes it happens in an instant the one thing you can't can't ever really predict when you're dealing with manifestation is the time frame that things will happen to. So using that idea that it always starts with who we are as a person.

First do we use it do now do we do image cycling do we do spinning do we do matchmaking image cycling is largely a manifestation tool. So it will start to move you in the direction and start to magnetize things into your life the alchemy part of it though is where you actually start this is where magic frame and spinning and color breathing can come in because it can help you dissolve and release and amplify traits qualities and characteristics that allow you to step into that person you need to be to manifest those things faster. So there are two parts of a program or two parts of a formula. But they're greased in very different places if that makes any kind of sense.

So that was kind of a long drawn-out answer. But i think it's something that um needs to be said you know using image cycling you can you can manifest literally miraculous stuff i mean i i can go watch my video funny law of attraction stories talk to half the people on this on this who've been bopping around planet david for three months or longer who've used image cycling they'll tell you [ __ ] just happens. But. But sometimes that ride you got to be prepared to go through some growth periods right.

And take the time frame off of it and you can pretty much do what you want um let's see here let's see uh red violet welcome red violet wendy from uk hey robin hey uh i don't want to make sure i didn't miss anybody um state control is where it all starts absolutely absolutely uh let's see here hey cynthia um christian deleon says the 21 most powerful words has dramatically changed my life anything i do competitive wise okay. Those words instantly and automatically put me in a trance instead of super performance when used write yes. Used properly they are literally the the core components to just about any spell or enchantment you want to weave starting with yourself if you combine that with state control and rapport um and bond that with uh the emotional bonding emotional bonding checklist um you've got you've got the fantastic four right. There it's gonna it's just gonna knock things out of the park for most people most people don't need anything else most people don't need anything more than the echo technique uh with a few criteria and values or emotional bonding uh items here and there.

But uh yeah okay. Let's see let's see here do you have any good techniques that can bring you into a flow state posture breathing and color breathing um the idea to remember about the. First thing to remember about flow states is that we our bro our our mind and our body carries a memory. So to speak a recording if you will of every state we've ever we've ever created and.

So all we have to do to really begin accessing those states again is to remember what it was like adopt the physiology of it and. Then start to unpack the code and revitify the elements of that. So the best place to remember a time when you were in your flow state remember the the what the environment was like what the posture was like what the breathing was like where in your body you felt it and. Then you can use your magic frame and you can use your color bleeding you can turn that flow state into a color wrap it around you breathe it through you and as if you adopt the right.

Physiology. Then with a pretty reliable uh consistency you'll go back into a flow state or a facsimile thereof one of the problems that people have with flow states and this is this is something again this is when you wouldn't realize it unless somebody like me who's been doing this for decades um would tell you from a hypnotic perspective one of the problems people have re entering a flow state is that there's part of them that is out is out actually remaining outside of the experience and trying to evaluate the current experience. So in in hypno. In the hypnosis world we call this uh smart person syndrome or hypnotist disease and what it fundamentally is is a lack of absorption in the state processor experience remember that trance and everything in orange we call it asc altered states of consciousness everything human beings do is in response to the feeling yes.

I get that. But everything human beings do involves some form of alternate alteration to their current state of consciousness you can't access access certain resources well without modifying your consciousness. First and. So flow states again are just a physio psycho configuration a metaphor if you will right.

That access gives you access to certain attributes and cuts you off from others the problem is when we try to re-access a flow state is that you've got this part of you that remembers what it was like part of you that wants to get back there part of you that's attempting to recreate the state and another part of you that is trying to evaluate if the state you're you're bringing up is similar to the state that you were in well if there's a part of you that's trying to do the process part of you is trying to remember the process part of you that's trying to evaluate the process how absorbed into the phenomena are you the answer is you're not and all trans states all alterations in consciousness involve two basic elements a state of absorption in the state processor experience and a continually narrowing focus of attention. So when we start to act the. First thing that has to happen if we want to access a state we must maximize our absorption in the process and not seek to evaluate the state we're in okay. When you entered those flow states before you weren't evaluating the state you were just focused on what you were trying to accomplish and the state manifested you have to bring that back as well any time you catch yourself trying to evaluate your state you're fragmenting your consciousness you're actually weakening all of your states because the system is designed around synergy right.

And. So again. So in in the untrained world we call this smart person syndrome in the trained world after you've been through a couple of trainings we now call it hypnotist disease and hypnotist disease is the same fragmentation of consciousness. But now the person in the chair who's also trained is evaluating the performance of the person doing the drill with them and wondering if they're better than them or there's something they can steal right.

Us trained people go through this all the time because we're some of us are a little bit more competitive than others right. But i hope for those of you trying to get into flow states that one piece if you can just get the absorption part down and focus on the task not the state you're going to get there faster more often than not okay. Uh let's see here is that helpful type in the chat if it's helpful and by the way yeah okay. Um nathan vandenbring what should i do for healthy skin and getting rid of acne cleanses lots and lots of cleanses um and if there's a psycho-emotional reason why you're manifesting at me point to where you feel it magic frame it spin it and color breathe it and see what happens pedro says this stop i don't know what that means do i make guided meditations actually uh people have been approaching me now for a couple of years to do a series of hypnotic interventions guided meditations and things like that and i'm actually thinking about doing something like that we may do a meditation of the month or meditation of the week or something like that i'm still working on finding as uh as cool and and user-friendly uh podcast or or live stream settings as possible um and where i can control you know again i'm i'm very much an adamant do-it-yourselfer and.

So if i if i can you know one of the biggest problems i have is i keep trying to do things all by myself right. Because i'm just an impatient [ __ ] and uh you know it's just i'm just that way i don't like to rely on other people even though sometimes we do right. Uh let's see here uh deep spiral says i remember being in a week-long flow state about four or five years ago due to universal consciousness or something like that okay. Cool if you're in that long.

Then there's a healthy resource that you can tap back into pedro says hey dr david i need to do a motivation card to be accepted into mbma and out to my mba for uh managing companies do you have any suggestions that be the best except uh okay. Uh pedro i don't i don't understand your question uh if you could restate your question i might be able to give you a better answer deep spiral says thanks for this useful information useful thank you thank you fernando perez brain waves induction ted says to expose hidden trauma and heal and strengthen it okay. Is this a statement or a question it can trigger different somatic disorders any thoughts well. First of all let's let's make a distinction between trigger and cause if you've already got a somatic disorder certain types of stimuli can absolutely can absolutely trigger you the the the uh the best known example is you know flashing lights and epileptics right.

You've got to be very careful uh when you're doing uh different forms of stimulation especially through the senses because they can they can trigger issues if you have them right. So always always always you know if you have any you know get yourself checked out before you be embarked on any form of you know trans journey electric electrical stimulation or binaural beats anything with flashing lights or pulses all of these things affect the neurology extremely powerfully and you never really know what's down there many times right. So you know you train these things at your own risk. But do your due diligence you know uh i know for many many years uh i was i would go to bed every night listening to self-hypnosis recordings in fact i can i can recall most of those recordings in my head to this day even though i was a teenager uh.

Then i went through my my brainwave entrainment phase and my binaural beats phase and my mind machine phase now i just me you know we all human beings are natural have evolved to be tool-using creatures and. So no. Matter how how strong our potentials and our net our native abilities and latent abilities may be the minute we get a chance to find a toy or a tool we just we just grab on to it you know um fun interesting fun factoid um many many years ago when i. First got into the internet marketing world and i i actually was studying acupuncture and oil medicine at the time and my friend matthew who ran some big blogs under a different name uh introduced me to this concept of internet marketing and it was right.

Around 2004 2005 2005 really my most of you have heard me talk about my spinning technique and i hadn't i hadn't been um using it at all and was this is right. Before i kind of forgot about it i said i got this technique that works really really well and uh i want to market it and it's just it's just you point to where you feel you take the energy out you spin he goes you know what let's let's package that with a with a tape and uh uh some kind of vitamin pill and you'll make millions and i looked at him and i said what you listen people need a pill people need something that they can take it doesn't have to do much if you know it just has to be a pill and i was like are you freaking kidding me and i dropped the subject after that. But uh i never forgot that lesson and as we talk about these things like mind machines and no. Tropics and binaural beats you know uh that i keep going back to this idea that human beings just love toys you know and there's and it's not a judgment it's just it's just how we evolved you know um.

Anyway that was my digression i'll get back to the stuff that's here um. So deep sprout says question when is a fragmentation of consciousness useful and when not fragmentation of consciousness is really only useful when you want to create chaos in somebody's mind create a state of confusion which leads to a state of hyper suggestibility the human nervous system hates confusion and. So when you induce a state of confusion either through a confusion induction like an ericksonic hypnosis if you're using some of chase's confusion statements pattern interrupts um the brain starts looking for certainty it starts looking for clarity and. So the moment that fragmentation or loss of mental equilibrium takes place they start looking for anything that gets them out of it and if the thing that gets them out of it is a suggestion to hand over your their wallet makes they'll do it it's it's a very weird phenomenon.

But it's something that uh human beings are extremely extremely prone to right. Other than that i don't really see much use in fragmentation of consciousness. So much as i see in unification and direction of consciousness um jeremy is it on that jeremy or jamie well just jump by me really quick [Music] jamie jane okay. Any tips on beating procrastination figure out what's behind your procrastination is it fear um is it resentment is it laziness is it the fact that you're more focused on the task rather than the benefit for most people that's the one that it that that is the cause of procrastination uh people don't take action for one of two very basic reasons it's either a mindset issue or it's a skill set issue right.

In fact if you go and you watch the webinar uh that i taught a couple nights ago how to reprogram your subconscious mind i talk about the two reasons that that people don't take action mindset and skill set you know if you know what to do you know how to do you know where to do you know who to do it with and you're not doing it you're dealing with a mindset issue. So it might be fear it might be laziness might be aversion might be apathy might be a focus on uh the task rather than the goal the benefits of having it or it's just or if you're really motivated you know exactly what to do you know you you you you do it yesterday if you knew if you had a direction you don't know where to go or what to do now you're dealing with a skill set issue now you've got to go figure out what it is you don't know that you don't think that you didn't know that you didn't know fix that skill gap and. Then see if the action it's easier to initiate the action okay. See here pedro's asking what is pod bean let's see pedro's asking speak about what we'll find in attraction mastery attraction mastery is an integration of all the influence technologies that i've studied over the past 20 some years or more actually longer integrated into a system designed to teach men and women or women and men how to be a how to generate attraction or become attractive themselves both physically and emotionally.

But also how to understand the other genders map of attraction uh love trust and romance and sexual pleasure and. So what we do it's been we only teach attraction mastery to a co-ed class we only do it once or once every three or four years we're doing it again this february in las vegas is kind of a valentine's day um a valentine's day training and we and what we do is we teach men what the how to understand women better and communicate better we teach women how to understand and communicate with men better because the problem that men and women both have is even though they want the same things the order they want them is a little bit different they want them just as badly. But the other part is is because of their biology their sociology and their neurology the map that they follow is different and and what happens is this you have this this projection of a person's internal map of the way the world works there's largely gender or society based you know evolution plays an absolute role. But society is one of the biggest culprits with this right.

Now causing the most confusion and bad information and. So one of the things that has to happen is when a woman generates a certain type of behavior or perceives a certain type of behavior from a man she's going to apply a certain interpretation to that which may have absolutely nothing to do with the intention behind the behavior conversely many times women generate behaviors that is perceived by a man from a certain perspective or a certain meaning that has nothing to do with her intention behind the behavior. So the one of the biggest and most important parts about attraction mastery is understanding the jargon understanding the map and the behaviors and what they actually mean right. I'll give you a very basic example when it comes to um a problem that both men and women have from a different angle.

But it's largely due to two things the the uh the impact of evolution over hundreds of thousands of years and society. So one of the things that you need to understand is that women have a very very refined social radar they are far more keyed in and aware of subtle social and emotional cues than the average man i don't care how metro you may be i don't care how woke you may be i don't care any of that [ __ ] the vast majority of men are simply not trained to perceive the subtleties of female nonverbal communication and one of the jokes i often make is you can have a guy one guy standing talking with a group of women you know and at some unperceived signal every woman in the place knows the conversation is over and they disperse and the poor guy is like [ __ ] i'm alone right. Why because there are subtle cues that every woman is aware of that men that fly completely under men's radar why because they things don't enter the male radar until much. Later in the in the um attraction phase or the awareness phase than for women and that is again this i'm using this as an example to cite a bigger problem and it goes back to what i mentioned earlier which is projection you see every woman on the planet is moving through the world searching and projecting for signs and feedback from the environment that is blatantly obvious and understood by women every man on the planet is moving through the worlds looking for signs and sending out signs that are blatantly obvious to men.

But they're not perceived the same and. So what happens many times is a a woman will wander into the vicinity of a male he she finds attract and she will send out subtle cues that he would like her to approach or she would like him to approach see most believe it or not and most men will argue with me on this and you feel free to argue right. If you can produce the results your way good. But most women will tell you and eliza schreiber makes it make some great some dis and really nice skits on this most approaches are actually initiated by women now that's going to raise hackles on everybody's face on every everybody's neck.

So let me explain this the average woman now again times are changing gender roles are confused as all get out. But in the old days right. Because i'm you know i'm not a spring chicken anymore. But the way it worked was what women would do is when they saw somebody that they were interested in that might be interesting is the women will engineer an opportunity for the man to make an approach right.

It's not accident that she just wandered into your area and hung out there for five or six minutes right. She engineered an opportunity to see if you would man up or shut up most guys miss those cues period right. The problem conversely is that the the cues that most men send out that they think are you know low-level non-invasive superficial are actually perceived much more blatantly much more invasively by the average woman why because they happen. Later in the attraction process and.

So many times by the time a guy's even becoming aware of a woman he's already he's already struck out three times and. Then didn't know it right. So these are again that's just an example. But there's ways to engineer conversation there's ways to understand the dynamics there's ways to for women to receive to be perceived as high value without being [ __ ] or playing hard to get there and again that's another one that screws many women up is that the way we're taught to play hard to get the way they're taught to play hard to get is dramatically different than how you need to play hard to get and.

So these are all things that you know plus you'll get language patterns and dress and three magic questions and the 36 magic bullets and all these other conversational tactics to profile and and and really get inside somebody's head in their heart from both genders to figure out if this guy's worth your time or not right. So this is what attraction mastery is all about. But it's real and nobody nobody in the class is allowed to like go out with anybody else like. So men and women are in the class they're allowed to practice.

But they're not allowed to hook. Up. So it's one of those it's again it's it's a fun playful educational uh situation and you get to really explore what these things seem like and get real-world feedback on it. So attraction mastery is is kind of a class i'm very proud of.

But it's not one i do all that often. So for those of you who are asking about it that's that's what it is uh greetings from new being says greetings from sweden thank you your work and sharing much appreciated thank you king sakura david did state in one of his courses that magic frame can be used to install skills it can um i would recommend it as part of a skill installation process i wouldn't rely just on magic frame uh holistic star healing says ah did i miss image cycling love you david love you back uh no. You didn't miss any cycling let's see here let's see uh [Music] robin says hey david i've been manifesting crazy business opportunities after identity by design i'm really curious about your thoughts on vision boards i think vision boards can work not my favorite. But remember that the reticular activating system that partly in the back of your brain that actually pulls things into your awareness is a highly visual creature um i think it's important to have a constant stimuli that allows you to kind of orient the vibrational frequencies in your body.

So image cycling for me i think those those vision boards would do much better as part of an image cycling process than just as a vision board. So i hope that kind of helps uh fernan i don't know fernando i don't understand what it says i am thinking and making system and methods. So far good results i don't know what that means. But i'm glad you're getting good results david fulop is asking what are the best tools for improving self-image and self-concept identity by design is probably the seven stage identity by design silo is probably the best overall personal transformation process if you don't have access to that magic circle is going to be a good one the other one is going to actually go back to two things really uh identity and action and what i mean by that is take and take an inventory of what you think you are who you think you are decide who you want to be and.

Then start creating an action plan and taking action steps towards becoming it the fastest way to modify confidence self-esteem is to take action is to start actively doing something towards the attainment of your goals and your dreams right. Whether they're tiny steps or you know or you're trying to go for a quantum leap just keep moving towards the things you want and stop worrying about the things you don't um and that's fast you know those that's probably the best answer i can give you right. Now uh k kaching k how do you figure that out how do you find out the reason for procrastination uh motivated. But still can't take action if you're motivated.

But still take action point where you feel it reach out and touch it magic frame it put it behind you right. Focus on what's good about having it what's important to you about getting it focus on the thing you want and start moving towards it okay. Let's see here lamar sander or saunders have you ever heard of the book. Miracles on demand by charles tebbett i have heard of charles tebbett and the book.

Does sound familiar um i might even have it at one time. But it was a long time ago podbean is where there are podcasts similar to apple oh okay. Cool i'll check that out wendy pike hi uh let's see here um like i know you youtubers who make guided meditations that also upload podcast yeah okay. Uh king sakura says one of your courses that magic frame could i already covered that let's see here paige was asking give examples and have make a woman feel emotion like strong ones describe a state process or experience where those where those emotions were a natural byproduct of the event right.

If you understand three magic questions you already know how to make and and although let me let me modify your statement how to make anyone feel strong emotions right. Three magic questions fastest way to do it emotional bonding checklist most nuclear way to do it right. 36 magic bullets which is an extension of three magic questions um it takes it even you know magnifies it even more lots of ways that to do that okay. Seven stage the mating dance the seven stages of nonverbal attraction powerful ways to do it right.

Lots of different ways lots of different ways to do that um okay. Let's see here let's see narwhala says um notropics and binaurals are my everyday yeah gotta be careful with nootropics though a couple of my friends for many years were on a steady diet of nootropics and after a few years every time i talked to them they sounded like chipmunks it's like they were they're talking and thinking. So fast like nobody can keep up with them you know um. So i would be careful with those things orange river la says hello david how do you deal with a clown how do i deal with a client who i became aware of that is falling in love with me or becoming more obsessed either when you.

First meet or as you begin to work with them okay. First of all set up good boundaries from the start um always have recording devices operating in your treatment rooms and if you know any any form of conversational or covert hypnosis you may want to actually install some boundaries and limiters tell stories that that that of people who thought they were falling for a therapist. But realized it was just transference these kind of metaphors can create a precedent and a redirection of those those thought processes in their minds. But for sure you want to make sure that every single session that you're doing is is recorded in some way either you know audio or visually my my vote in your case is video you know [Music] let's see.

So blut is asking what you suggest for learning a new skill is state control important or just proper state control is the most important practice the absolute bottom line most important practice that you can engage in is anything that gives you greater control over your your mental and emotional states period okay. In your physical states obviously one follows the other. But that to me is is the work at the foundations of everything uh david how do i become the popular guy at my university it's very simple actually just go around making everyone unique feel ridiculously good for having encountered you um in in his book. The like switch by dr jack schaefer he talks about the golden rule of friendship the golden rule of friendship is people instinctively like people and become attracted to people who make them feel good about themselves okay.

Best way to do that echo technique three magic questions and uh emotional motivation checklist okay. Uh let's see fernando you also got to put yourself out there in other words if you want to be the most popular guy in your school you've got to be seen you've got to be active you've got to be very very um visible that was something i learned in my undergraduate education you know i was fairly successful up until i didn't start college i was about 33 years old. But up until that time i was pretty much the biggest non-joiner reclusive [ __ ] you can imagine okay. And i realized when i started school that if i wanted the.

Next 33 years of my life to be different i had to be different and. So i became the most rabid joiner on the on the campus i joined phi theta kappa i joined the school newspaper i got involved in student government and and before i knew it everybody knew me and um i was they were just giving me stuff right. Um i made a lot of mistakes arguably. But remember you can be the nicest guy in the world.

But if nobody sees you doing it or nobody sees you you're not visible they're gonna forget about you right. Kind of like being a youtube influencer or a social media influencer it doesn't matter how good your stuff is if nobody sees it doesn't matter how nice a guy or girl you are if nobody sees it. So in addition to being super nice and super helpful and bringing value you've got to be seen you've got to be you've got to you've got to put yourself out there because one of the things that that people who are inevitably disappointed in their social skills is they sit back and they wait for people to come to them naturally popular people don't do that they actually just go and do stuff and they find people to do stuff with or they go to do stuff they invite people along they're proactive right. A lot of shy people they think that nobody wants to talk to them unless somebody comes up and talks to them i was a poster child for that for decades it's not true more often than none if you want if you watch my video um flirting for fun and profit i talk about this one of the problems that people have is that the body language of shyness is.

So similar to the body language of aloofness and snobbishness that people who don't know better will confuse one for the other. So if you're one of those people that only feels moderately comfortable if somebody approaches you. First or somebody asks you to come along with the group you're going to miss out on a lot of opportunities because extroverts just assume they're invited and they just go it's harder for us introverts to wrap our heads around. But it's a behavioral tweak that makes all the difference in the world be proactive be the.

First to invite people be the you know assume you're invited unless they tell you not to right. These are again behaviorally these are the things that are going to allow you to be more seen more visible right. And when you are seen and when you are visible make everyone around you feel ridiculously good right. And still be true to yourself this is again when we get into this conundrum because we want people to like us and we want people to accept us and there are people out there who are looking for people with that desperate need to use and abuse and to take advantage of.

So there has to be a balance and the balance that you have to seek is be willing to do things that people want you to do to the degree that you feel good about doing it for yourself and for the other person if you're being asked to do something that makes you feel bad about yourself to at any level the answer should be no. The problem is you have to you have to generate your boundaries you have to know what they are and you have to stand by them right. You're going to give a gift to somebody are you giving the gift to this person. So they will x for you.

So they will like you better. So they will do something for you if you are i'm not going to pass judgment on that. But know why you're doing it or are you giving a gift whether it a compliment a favor an object because it makes you feel good to do it that's the litmus test right. Because as we as we as we look.

To become more popular if that's the word you want to apply to it have more social connections we have to understand who we are and what we're willing and unwilling to do we have to understand we have to really accept why we're doing the things that we're doing okay. If you've ever heard me say this anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control my. First job as your teachers is to help you to become more aware aware of yourself. First and foremost aware of others.

Second right. I hear some noise downstairs. So i'm just gonna jump out for like two seconds and see if somebody came into my office without me knowing it be right. Back obviously the uh the hallucinogenics are kicking in because there's nobody there.

So either i'm haunted or there's some noise outside. Anyway um fernando is saying the brainwave research may be a little too much for a live chat i can send you an email if you want okay. Uh keith penswick david visualizes everything you want and believe in yourself visualize everything you want believers okay. Uh mr c bowden thank you for your knowledge how does vibrational healing compare the bankston method bankston method is a form of vibrational healing and in the actual vibrational healing class we actually have a module on various mode modalities of energy and vibrational healing and how they compare and contrast with each other.

So one of the things you learn in vibrational healing is my version of the bankston method as seen through my uniquely distorted worldview let's see here lamar saunders how can i rebuild trust with a girl after she caught me cheating um give it time. First and foremost um the more you at this level because the hurt is. So new uh i'm assuming that uh every time they see she sees you she's gonna remember that moment. So you definitely want to give it time.

Then you want to go through your own personal alchemical process behavioral change demonstrate that you're a different person and go back to emotional criteria. First of all admit you [ __ ] up. First and foremost you got it you got to just get that right. I said look.

I [ __ ] up i'm sorry i don't know what i was thinking i don't know why i did that um start there you know. But you got you got your work cut out for you okay. Matt johnson dr david how would you heal a tbi thank you um uh accelerated hyper neuroplastic hyper neuroplasticity how would i do that intense pleasure states using color breathing magic frame spinning uh regress to cause and guided imagery i've had i've had quite a few um traumatic brain injury patients and they've all responded very very well to hypnosis even after the neurofeedback dave what is the emotional motivation checklist go to [Music] you can go to the. Last webinar we did which is how to reprogram the subconscious mind you can also go to uh interview skills our course on interview skills has a version of that under the idea of we call the the interview crusher right.

So it's used for with prospective employers to get them to just think you're the greatest employee since sliced bread let's see george x hey david i'm having trouble talking to attractive women could you recommend a way to get over this and stop getting. So nervous i can't put myself out there and fear stops you from taking action okay. George the. First thing you're gonna have to do is clean up your [ __ ].

But that's actually secondary the. Next thing you want to do is immerse yourself in an environment filled with beautiful women and i want you to make friends with them in other words i don't want you to try to date them i don't want you to try to seduce them i don't need to try to do anything sexual or romantic with them whatsoever all you're going to do is make a lot of attractive female friends why because attractive females tend to know other attractive females. But your problem isn't finding attractive females your job your your problem is being comfortable around attractive females. So surround yourself with them and there's other things you can do.

But this is going to be the the easiest one the other thing is you can do is you can think of somebody who doesn't trigger you somebody who's a female who doesn't trigger you that way point to where you have that feeling in your body reach out and touch the picture and. Then you can actually elicit how you created that state compare it to the structure of the state when you are triggered and make just sweat flip them right. Again if you come to the mastermind we can do that better um there's a couple of videos on youtube where i guide people through this nlp style belief change that is is what i'm alluding to um i don't know what what the name of it might be off the top of my head. But we definitely do do we do it quite often in the mastermind at the at the diamond level.

So you might want to consider um jumping into one of our programs where we cover that our nlp training also talks about it. So those are some ways that you can start getting better at it right. Control your posture control your breathing killer influence state control mod uh techniques we'll help you with that as well hold on a. Second here what is the emotional motivation checklist the emotional motivation checklist is and a level of belief in every human being that defines for that person what is the right.

Anything. So if i ask somebody um to talk about the perfect house they might say uh gotta have a big backyard huge kitchen close to good schools i might say well i'm curious just. So i understand you better what's important to you about a big kitchen and they might say something like well when i was growing up we had this really big family and we had this massive kitchen and every holiday people would get together and we'd have fun we'd connect and we'd just commune it was just the best time ever and. So i've always loved big kitchens because that's where the family gets together and i might ask oh.

So you love having your family get together i'm curious what's important about that i said well you know it's just you know you're loved you're supported oh you know thinking about it like that there's a couple of houses that i think you would absolutely love because they have massive kitchens and. So your family can get together and cook. And share and communicate and you can really really experience that love and support and connection like when you were a kid thinking about it like that how soon you want to go look. At right.

So what i did there was i i tapped into a very surface level thing in this case the perfect house i asked what was important about that and. Then i asked what was important about that and you'll notice that each answer got progressively more intimate progressively more emotional progressively more personal okay. Human beings have checklists like this for every single thing that they can conceive of and once you understand how to tap into that and speak the language of that emotional need they will pretty much do what you want for their own selfish reasons right. We cover this really really in depth uh in cpi in killer influence and attraction mastery uh stealth selling secrets um because it is probably the most powerful action-taking trigger that human beings have okay.

Let's see here iv bolt says hey david it's amazing how much you know about these different kinds of topics what can you say about soul retrieval okay. Let me ask you a question do you want to know about modern soul retrieval or ancient soul retrieval because solar retrieval's been around for as long as buddhism has been around that i know of. So ask that question and i'll says i want to take shrooms with you and talk about cabal have a great day let's see alchemical process greetings repeating my question what cult traditions do you consider you've adapted into your practice besides the hermetic traditions and the shamanism any special mentions okay. First of all let me let me let me clarify that statement by saying i believe that all spiritual traditions are hermetic because it's not hermetics isn't as it isn't a tradition.

So much as a in my opinion it's a organization and a systematic systematization of universal principles that form the foundation of every mystical mystical discipline and and. So if you want to know that the ones i particularly study in practice uh esoteric mecca of buddhism taoism kabbalah huna uh some egyptian work not a lot uh some of the vedic tibetan buddhist stuff um see what else those are the primary traditions that i pull from um i i for some reason i i i haven't had even though i'm wearing native american this is the only native american piece that i own for some reason i i don't think i've had a lot of past lives where i was. But i did where i did a lot um in that particular native native american stuff i don't resonate tremendously um with a lot of the celtic stuff although i i'm more on the druidic side than i am the wiccan side in terms of some of the things i study from there um also the christian mysticism obviously is part of what i what i do as well um. But i would say those are the cores right.

There um i've i'm almost no. Familiarity with the zoroastrian systems um some of the suff i have a tiny bit of sufi uh sufi exposure. But not enough to say that that it's common uh i have dabbled a little bit in and study wise uh with the hudu and voodoo systems. But i don't they're not really on my map either.

So yeah that's hopefully that answers your questions um healthy wealthy frequencies don't say you don't know why though we hate that okay. Uh ph alkaline says does hemisink work uh based on the feedback that i've gotten from people works very well yeah um it's it's been around a long time. So it's you know since a lot of people like the newest shiny toy rather than the old the old faithfuls the old standbys my recommendation is test it out and see and see if it gets you where you want to go jennifer cook. Is asking oh wait a minute kyle rich says oh yeah i'm sure this dude has something to say about self and i don't know what that means.

But. Anyway uh jennifer cook. How do i access the. Last webinar uh go to the live section and type in uh how to reprogram the subconscious mind it should be on in the live uh the live stream uh category we just we just did it uh two days ago.

So it should be easy to find let's see here. So blue's asking how to change your state properly when i try to change my posture imagine something i get a feeling about i think this yes. What you're feeling is your your neurology's desire to not change that's an internal resistance you set up to not changing you've got to hold it for at least two to three minutes okay. And there will be this tension that builds up inside of you as you move from a state um of negativity or to something else right.

It's like a bubble that bursts uh george x says thanks david raymay says blessed be blessed be uh ph alkaline just have you think okay. We've talked about that already um benjamin grateful hey david i don't know why. But when it comes to sitting down and doing self-hypnosis and manifesting visualization techniques i get distracted or something happens slash manifest i don't end up doing it okay. Um.

Then you want to that would be your. First your. First uh task is to start eliminating the fact that the triggers for that right. Get enough sleep get enough um blood sugar and just focus on your breathing and when you do get distracted just go back to it again this is this is the ancient old monkey mind approach in basic meditation they tell you to gently focus your mind on your breathing and when you find yourself distracted just bring it back without beating yourself up the more you do this um the more you're going to start shortening those windows and prolonging those gaps of attention or extending those gaps of attention mr c bowden says i am looking forward to the course in hidden laws of attraction i've been studying remote viewing and remote healing what program should i supplement that covers bankston's remote healing um get his he has a he does a lot of online courses right.

Now um also um get his book. Hands-on healing and the energy cure uh those will help you a lot thomas anderson have you done any webinars on conversational hypnotic inductions alan milton erickson um i recognize milton erickson as the father of modern of of what has come to be called conversation hypnosis uh. But i'm not an erickson fan at all in fact most ericksonian practitioners i have encountered um spend. So much time telling stories and.

So in confusion that they never actually get to the point. But yeah i teach um i'm one of the world's leading authorities on conversation some people believe that i'm one of the world's leading authorities on conversation hypnosis and neuro-linguistic programming um. But i will be up front and say that the mentors i had did study ericsson. But i didn't come in to start studying erickson's work till i had a very very strong command of the technologies that these other teachers had given me uh and.

So you know if you want pure ericksonian style conversation gnosis guys like igor um uh steve there's another guy that does some eric's hypnosis course he's actually really good bill um bill hanlon he does some really good courses doug o'brien i think also has some ericksonian hypnosis courses that are more more true to the ericsson tradition um i just don't i don't resonate with a lot of i understand what they're doing i just don't find it practical for the standards that we set in planet david. So take that for what it's worth um daniel hassan lichtenstein i would love to know the best way to cool people down who are hot and frustrated echo their echo their words and get mad at the same thing they're mad at and if you can get more mad at it than they are it'll calm them down. But echo technique is probably going to be the fastest way to do that right. Because a lot of times when people get hot under the collar it's because they're not feeling heard they're not feeling understood um and they're desperate for some kind of acknowledgement of where they're at and once they get it now they need to go through a venting process and if you just do the echo technique and you let them vent and run off at the mouth um they'll calm down really really quick really quick um a chemical process says thank you for the answers was curious if you had tapped into any of the magi teachings since utilizing some of their ways must be from the hermetic sin when you say magi uh alchemical process what are you referring to specifically we may have been talking about the same thing under a different name uh senior forest why is it you can get enlightened in one lifetime and.

Then sixteen lifetimes you struggle like most people because enlightenment isn't a once and done thing you gotta understand something enlightenment is a sequence of processes it's a sequence of many deaths and what i mean by that is it's a sequence of ego deaths enlightenment we go through multiple enlightenments throughout our lifetime okay. And. So this idea that you can be enlightened in one in one life and not be enlightened it's not that way each time you come into a life you have a different set of lessons to complete and learn those other capabilities those other enlightenments that you've had are dormant and latent within you it's in it's implicit on you through your spiritual and alchemical work to unlock them again. But you come in with a different set of priorities in this lifetime than you did in the.

Last one right. That's just how it works. So it's not like you you're enlightened and you're done it doesn't work that way you're going to have seek you're going to have enlightenments throughout the course of your life little mini ego deaths when you look. Back on the person you were in high school that person is metaphorically dead because you're not that person anymore and if there are parts of you that are still in pain from things that happened in high school they're the fragments of your soul that you need to go back and get right.

For the grass about soul retrieval earlier right. That's part of the job right. Okay. Um mr c bowden says wow david you just dropped a big bomb how much have you explored the tuatha didanan they're the gods of the druids and their ancient healers not as much as i'd like not as much as i'd like um orange river to lay i took.

Some pictures of my hand when i was in the er of my amputated finger i use your technologies to help resolve that do you think that using those images on my website would be a bad idea i think it really depends on who your audience is and how you introduce the videos or are the pictures um if you properly prepare people for what they're about to see i think it can be fine. But if people are coming to your website expecting puppies and rainbows and unicorns and all of a sudden they see a mutilated hand in the emergency room that might be a little off-putting right. But i think how you how you present is really what was going to define um whether it's acceptable and here's the thing to understand also and something that we as as a community uh would be well served to understand and that is this it doesn't matter what your intentions are when you communicate something okay. Ultimately you have no.

You you have control over your intentions you have control over what you say and how you say it what you do not have control of is how people will choose to interpret what you say and what you do right. And. So this idea of making somebody else accountable for the meanings we assign to something is asinine in my opinion okay. There obviously there's balances to that right.

Um and why am i bringing this up now in relation to the web the pictures on your website and this is what i'm trying to say is no. Matter what your intention no. Matter how tastefully or uh comprehensively and conscientiously you prepare people for what they're about to see or hear there will be somebody who gets offended there will be somebody who doesn't like it and you can't let those people hold you back right. If you're seeking to reach interact with the public if you're seeking to influence and and have a positive impact in the world in any way there are going to be people who disagree with you just because you breathe the same air and you can't focus on those people you have to focus on the people who are deriving value from who you are here to serve and you're not here to serve everybody even though a lot of us feel that the things that we have to teach the things that we have to offer can benefit everyone that's true enough to be true only when they're ready for it and some people will not be you know.

Hence the disclaimer at every beginning of every video i do if politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you now is not the best use of your time right. My channel isn't designed to speak to everyone right. It's designed to speak to people who are particularly ready to hear what i have to say and act on it to make a change right. However imperfectly i might say it.

So i hope that helps let's see here i i do a little bit on the uh the semitic the semitic systems um mostly uh some sumerian stuff. But. But again not not as much mostly i i my focus is largely on the semitic the semitic systems um let's see here thomas anderson says it's highly technical and one can get lost in the sauce was curious as to your opinions on the matter okay. I must have missed something thomas oh have uh have you thomas is asking have you done any web okay.

Okay. Got the context she was one asking about erickson okay. Uh if you wanna if you wanna have a deep dive into how my approach to conversation hypnosis uh check out our cpi or stealth cpi course and also check out the the free youtube video the 21 most powerful words in the english language that'll rock your world if you haven't if you haven't watched it already there's also a pdf uh if anybody wants uh to download the downloadable pdf i'll post a link to the the opt-in form um where you can download that and you'll also get regular email updates from me if that's what you want how many just by show of hands or or just uh i am i am on the chat how many of you are actually members of my newsletter type in there if you're a member of my newsletter and if you're not why not and walchawa is asking what are some social cues that women give you when they want a guy to approach them can i find a list somewhere uh i would recommend you pick up our program attraction mastery or sorry rapid attraction secrets and attraction mastery um. First thing you would look.

For is proximity um and interval as well as positive eye contact if you get those three pretty sure she wants to talk to you my keyboard my keyboard is hitting it yes. It is um ghostwriter says besides wilson brian key any suggestions on how to do subliminal messages well are you looking to do subliminal messages in video audio during public speaking where do you want to do them at ghostwriter david snyder sounds like the movie the holy mountain okay. Do i have to go watch this movie now to find out what you're referring to uh susan says me i'm in love all of it me okay. Daniel says long time alex is in uh daniel says i always deconstruct your emails for brilliant sales techniques i am obviously very good i'm not that would like to be okay.

Cpg says i was taught by your videos and the manifestation took. Only two minutes. But i anchored it by a childhood experiences. So maybe why it only took.

Two minutes maybe remember there's only two rules when image cycling. So mr c bowden thank you for putting this time for us one more why what regression technique can you can help me in an event the event i had an out-of-body astral experience i can remember part of i went out too far i would say there's there's a lot of regression techniques you could use i would start with uh theater of the mind and maybe holographic regression level three or four those would probably be the simplest ones you might want to have somebody guide you through them though other than trying to do it all yourself okay. Let me see if i can make sure that i've got the right. Url if you guys want to join the newsletter okay.

So for those of you who want to get on one of my newsletters you can go here uh and when you do you'll be able to down you'll you'll get a link or an email sent to you that has a pdf in it that is called the 21 most powerful words in the english language uh it goes it's a it's a pdf i used when i taught a class on clubhouse uh for some of my friends and colleagues who wanted to know our approach to hypnotic language patterns which are in fact the most powerful language patterns on the planet. So if you go to doctor www.drdavid.club fill out your email and your name and confirm that you want to be part of our mailing list one of our mailing lists this is my this is one of my private mailing lists we have a lot of mailing lists that are generic this one is kind of one that i controls personally um. So if you want to get in on that let's see here um all right. David i've taken many weed hits to my brain what's the best way to slowly heal the brain and make it more awake responsive better.

First of all stop doing weed. Second of all use a lot of color breathing and self-directed neuroplastic exercises. So color breathing with pleasure uh color breathing to accelerated learning states transcranial electrode dermal electro trans cranial dermal stimulation is a great way to accelerate the the neuroplasticity of your brain and help it become more resilient check with the doctor before doing a neurofeedback is a great one um make sure you check with a doctor before engaging in any of those practices let's see scott fitzgerald david hi what about some book. Recommendations also i'm very interested in your thoughts on the afterlife and that stuff okay.

You need to we can talk about the afterlife until we're blue in the face um better than more specific the question the better and answering give you and what books do you want me to talk about specifically ghostwriter says nice wristwatch you look. Like a rapper nc snack all right. Daniel hassan lichtenstein says that 21 words pdf saved me when it came to word counts on essays yes. That that that pdf paid my way through under my undergraduate education like no.

Lie it was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars before i even started teaching this to people benjamin grateful says does color breathing charge the state like or similarly it is a form of state control. But you know what people ask about state control like it's only your posture and your breathing it isn't. But there's a reason why we teach posture and breathing. First and here's why your most people try to control their emotions through their willpower through their cognition and that seems like how it should be the problem is is that your cognitive ability your cognitive resources are finite in the sense that they're based on two renewable substances sleep and glucose the amount of blood sugar that you have in your system at any given moment and every time you have to summon up willpower to suppress an emotional response you burn up that fuel in the tank the other problem with cognitive willpower can state control is that if the environment becomes dangerous your meat will take over in other words if you perceive something dangerous in the environment it won't matter what your mind wants you to do the reptile part of your body will take over okay.

And the moment it takes over you lose access to your cognitive faculties like the point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can't do it as powerful as it might be to eliminating anxiety or fears or phobias the moment your system goes into that fight-or-flight response you lose access to your cognitive abilities you get tunnel vision your breathing changes your heartbeat gets erratic your breathing speeds up all these physiological changes make it practically impossible for you to access the thinking part of you the willpower part of you other than to get the [ __ ] out of dodge okay. And. So while we honor the fact that people need to learn how to use their willpower and their cognitive resources to control their state you also have to recognize that if the bodies out of control your mind can't be. So physical state control what you do with your posture and your breathing has to be.

First not in isolation we teach it to you in isolation. So you can master it and. Then build on it because your physiological state control is by far the most bulletproof form of state control that you have it doesn't matter what's going on in your environment if you can change your posture change your breathing and have enough energy here to hold that physiology your state must change or at the very least not go further into the the less than resourceful state you were heading that way. So at the worst worst case scenario your state control interrupts the domino.

Effect of negative states that an environmental stimulation might put you in at an optimal level you can walk into a room and put everybody in the room under your spell in seconds because the energy from your body emanates throughout their mirror neuron system and it changes a reticular activating system changes their perceptual filters they get this rush of dopamine and happy feelings when you walk into a room and that's your instant. First impression it's a continuum right. See here hp positive hey david love the work as a fellow influence and behavior enthusiast what's your take on using archetypes as the state control technique what i'm curious positive what do you mean by archetypes i want to make sure we're talking about the same thing orange river la the way you speak right. Now is pure gold you just described.

So many violent scenarios from real or match well good good i'm glad john pachakowski what is the difference between the safety resource and safe place and which one is created versus recall okay. So a safety resource can be your safe place. But it can also be a dissociation anchor it can also be a postural shift right. So safety resource is much more generic safe place is just one type ghostwriter says what's your thoughts on cleat pot is it useful and what is your experience with it clea pot is an unhealthy energetic shell that we get.

So when our vessel goes through a uh a shattering for lack of a better word there's these fragments that are left to be reclaimed and if they're not reclaimed. Then they bad things happen um i think part of our job is to transform that is alchemy. So when we when we run across these epoch parts of us think of it think of them like um vibrational what's the word i'm looking for vibrational oxidants right. You know how you take an antioxidant to eliminate these these these these ionic fragments from poor uh oxygen metabolism you can think of it you can think of clear pot kind of like that they're just free radical and these energetic free radicals floating around that don't do anything good right.

Um and. So our job alchemically is to transform them when we find them within ourselves and if people need help with it to find him another. So i hope i answered your question um. But a lot of it happens when you when you when your vessel has a break like you take in too much energy emotionally or physically and there's a breakdown and those fragments are released um scott oh wait uh senior florist says do you know hold on a.

Second there's there's a lot of questions coming up here um michelle owens is asking uh oh hello david love the subject matter as always well thank you rochelle i'm glad you're with us senior floor says do you know any modality that will actually regrow limbs or organs how do i say this maybe. But i don't think it's one modality i think to make that really happen you. First of all have to have someone who is extremely suggestible um and have a lot of stem cell. So if you can infuse stem cell in the body you can stimulate biological regrowth what you're also going to have to do is uh change the belief systems of the person.

So that is it is now possible and inevitable that that limb will regrow and. Then i would actually combine that with the regeneration work based on a guy named dr robert becker who wrote a book. Called the body electric in my belief i haven't tested it. But i have a lot of familiarity with stem cell work i've seen i i know of examples where people i'll give you this example uh one of my teachers jerry allen johnson was talking about a case a case study where there was this little kid who when he was really young uh he had salamanders and and newt and the thing about salamanders is if they cut if the tail fall if the tail gets cut off or the leg gets cut off it grows back and nobody told him otherwise.

So he just thought that was how it was and. So he had this accident and he lost part of his arm and nobody told him it couldn't grow back and. So what happened is over the course of several years the limbs started to regrow and. Then some medical doctor came along and said that's not imp that's impossible and the growth stopped why nobody told him it was the the regrowth part was in his belief system.

But. Then an authority figure and nobody told me it couldn't work and. Then an authority figure the white lab coat in the stethoscope said that's impossible new suggestion authority figure boom regrowth style. So weird there's weird things out there guys i think human beings haven't tapped into a tenth of our true ability and potential.

So. But that's where i would start researching potentially regrowing things um scott fischoed is there a survival is there a survival to the individual identity in the other side what about memories and emotions and personality do we do we re-encounter our loved ones reincarnation is a thing or a myth reincarnation is very much real right. Pretty much every every mystical pay attention pretty much every mystical tradition not religious mystical tradition embraces the idea of reincarnation from kabbalah to mesoteric christianity to buddhism taoism you name it okay. So my firm belief is yeah clinically i've seen evidence of genetic memory being passed down from donor organs to recipients genetic memory boom right.

How to go and clear that stuff um do is there survive is there survival to the individual identity in the other side to a degree yes. The way i was taught by uh by the book. Franz barton and the way my teachers in esoteric buddhism are explaining it now is you have three bodies you have your spirit body your soul you have your spirit your mental body your energy body your physical body and. Then there's a tube called the soul channel or the the tai chi pole where your your pure soul emanates from and activates these bodies the energy body or the astral body and the physical body are impermanent bodies and.

So when you physically die the astral body moves into the astral plane it rises or lowers to the vibrational level of evolution that it attained in the physical body and it remains there for a longer period of time until it too eventually decomposes and all you're left with is a mental or spiritual body which. Then recreates an astral bot another astral body which incarnates into a physical body as a baby and the system starts all over again. But those memories go with you from incarnation to incarnation they're just sealed away until you reach a level of evolution or understanding that allows you to reaccess them now some of those memories will manifest in the forms of what we call in face reading jing reserves talents abilities skills things you look. At some say oh i can do that probably because you did it before right.

And. So the the the talents and attributes and qualities that we have access to are largely going to be based on what our golden path is in this reality. But all that stuff is there for sure and as you get deeper into the mystical traditions you will start to remember more and more of your past lives that's kind of inevitable uh let's see here let's see john pachowski for removing and treating addiction do you. First regress to cause.

Then ask what would happen for you to stop uh you always regress to cause. First when you're dealing with addictions you've always got to figure out what what set them on this path and you have to you have to fix it at the source. Then you can do all the other behavior modification stuffs um say david what it what induction did you use on people to try to put them to actual sleep modified almond induction usually works pretty well melissa tears one of my colleagues has a really good sleep protocol as well um progressive muscle relaxation works really well at putting people to sleep too i don't use progressive muscle relaxations at all because i find them ridiculously boring and they don't give you the level of trance that you can get from a four minute for magic bullets induction um do you have any training on that teaches how to master talking dirty or in a way that makes a person feel horny for both men and women to each other you can speak to people in ways that excite and arouse them whether you consider that talk dirty or not is entirely up to you the kind of dirty talk that most women respond to is dramatically different than the dirty talk that most men are trying to use and vice versa uh and those are things that we actually talk about in terms of the language of arousal and desire in attraction mastery. So if you're interested in that stuff.

Then come to the attraction mastery training in february or buy the course it's available on davidcenternlp.com let's see here um amelia says david what a lovely surprise all right. Uh raw david when. So when in social situations and someone's behavior bothers you violates your values isn't it appropriate or isn't appropriate what are some effective ways of combating such characters without giving your power away i think raw that really depends on the rules of the social environment you're engaged in um probably probably the best one to start with is uh a ask for clarification this is actually a really big deal because one of the things that happens is most offenses are committed unconsciously and what i mean by that is a person says or does something and our neurology perceives it and we apply a meaning to that behavior and we assume automatically without even consciously processing it we assume automatically that the meaning we've assigned to what somebody said or what somebody did is what they intended and we we go off on this daisy chain this domino. Effect uh that leads us to an emotionally negative roller coaster right.

The fastest way to to kind of deal with the majority of social faux pas is to just stop change your posture change your breathing become non-reactive and ask for clarification call attention to what was said or the behavior and simply ask i'm curious uh because i want to understand what you were your intention was behind what you said or did what were you trying to do what were you trying to communicate by acting or talking in this way and what that does on a bunch of levels is a if there is a mistranslation on your part right. It keeps you from making an ass of yourself and ruining your night it facilitates deeper communication with the other person. But it also calls attention in a non-threatening non-aggressive way that what they did was being perceived as inappropriate without hurting their feelings or offending them or making them feel defensive which is again that snowball effect person a says or does something that pisses off or really offends person b person b assumes that's what they intend this person fires back now this person gets defenses because they don't even know why they're being attacked. But they just know that they're being attacked and all of a sudden boom right.

Stop become non-responsive seek to understand before you react. So you can choose how to respond now if a person's intentions were in fact what you perceived and they come to it now you can choose how you want to do it based on the rules of the environment is that helpful uh ghost writer's asking i'm curious sir what is sex magic and have and have you do it back in your um yes. But sex magic specifically is the use of sexual congress as a way of building harnessing and programming an energetic creation in other words i can take the energy generated through sexual intercourse i can program it for something because sexual energy is one of the most powerful forces in our body i can use that to manifest things i can use it to build a charge in my body and circulate it through all of my energetic energetic meridians and pathways to facilitate greater spiritual evolution and the ability to access magical abilities. So sex magic is a very powerful practice most people are using it as an excuse to get laid and there is that.

But um that's pretty much what sex magic is and every culture had it from the egyptians to the kabbalists to the dallas to the buddhists ten tricks and several uh by the way whoever paid ten pounds thank you. So much for that i really appreciate that um i don't ask for donations. But if you guys want to donate to the cause you know god bless you let's see here oh thank you again james nlp thank you very much hope all is well in your world dr s thank you god bless um by regression analysis can you send your consciousness to the future and bring back information yes. But we wouldn't call it regression we call it progression okay.

Um ghost writer weird question what is sexual alchemy sexual alchemy is the branch of sexual magic that focuses specifically on transforming the various levels of your mind and body to pure more rarefied more immortal substances there are various forms of alchemy. But the whole point behind it is to transmute and transform the physical body to become immortal or to create an energy body that you can transfer your consciousness into when you drop the physical form that will allow you to travel and manifest physically in this plane or in other planes. So alchemy is about transformation of the self magic is about crea manifesting your will are manifesting creating reality in conformance to the will um you're very welcome ron uh go sir thank you sir jeanette says i'm super grateful to be here thank you. So much dr david jeanette thank you i'm grateful for you okay.

Says what do you think about the horoscope is it legit or bs yes. Let me let me explain that if you can get access to the mystery teachings behind astrology there's something to it if you're reading what's going to happen today in the paper that's pretty much barnum statements and [ __ ] yeah ghostwriter says damn thank you sir all right. Anybody else we're kind of hitting the 90-minute mark uh in your website you have a book. Recommendations page.

But the text doesn't appear and i'm really interested in knowing what okay. First of all let me let me let me apologize i was tooling around my website yesterday and i accidentally turned on the book. Recommendations page. But we do have an extensive book.

List um i'll have to go into one of my facebook. Groups and download it and i'll see if i can post something for you guys what are the mystery teachings behind astrology uh depend well again depending on which school your the egyptians had one the persians had one uh the taoists and the buddhists certainly had them um kabbalists i i'm a big fan of kabbalistic astrology and chinese astrology um and a good guy if you want to if you want to get training in this i don't train that stuff i study it. But if you want to train it probably one of the most user-friendly guys i know is a guy by the name of joey app he has a massive youtube channel and he does everything from yi jing to batsa to chinese astrology to chi men donja you name it when it comes to chinese metaphysics he does it uh. So while i study his work and i i train it in my traditions he's actually got the most accessible stuff i've seen and he's a fun guy to listen to right.

He's he's an obs guy he's a lot of fun to listen to and he gives you really good stuff from what i can see um and scott says thank you for your work teacher you are very welcome uh senior florist do you believe dolores cannons promise that we have background people or npcs non-played non-player characters to convince us if the rea if yes. It's one metaphor that works yeah absolutely the buddhists the buddhist mystics would say you're awake in the dream another way of saying that if you've ever played a massive online multi-role player game where you log in and you play a character and everyone around you is playing a character it's the same metaphor right. This is what it is right. When this when this character avatar is done i'm going to go up to my server i'm going to create a new character i'm going to log back in and i'm going to have adventures all right.

That's the metaphor remember i said this many times and again it's it's it's even more it's just as relevant here human beings inevitably create technology that mirrors what they do with their neurology which nearly mirrors what you do with your spiritual and energetic psychology it's all the same as above. So below yeah i'll type it in the chat for you guys his name is joey and if you type i guarantee if you just go to your youtube search bar and type him in you'll find his page be prepared to spend lots of money because he has lots of and i am not an affiliate for his channel by the way i don't even know if he has an affiliate program um bahram has says oh what's your take on the age of aquarius i don't have one i don't even pay attention to it uh what material or techniques would you recommend for obe experiences what are the best techniques that you know i have access to a whole bunch of techniques for soul travel and actual projection and stuff like that. But it's not something that i've developed a level of competency with that i'm comfortable teaching it. So i recommend places like the monroe institute a farsight institute those would be probably the best places to to look.

At for that kind of stuff liam says may i post the booklet for people who asked absolutely and what i'll do if people want i i i can't take the time to do it now because i'm doing a live stream. But if people want i'll post an opt-in form on the book. Page and if you if you sign up and i'll create a special list just for book. People and if you want access to the book.

List i'll create a little email subscriber form you just give me your name and your email and we will email you the current book. List it's updated every training as i discover new stuff we update the book. List we'll send out a new book. List would that be helpful okay.

Um blut says do you train athletes to slash people that try to achieve a certain degree yes. I do uh and the techniques i'm using are can be found in the book. Red gold um they can be found in my identity by design uh course um as well as some of my vibrational influence trainings in fact that's what got me into a lot of this was was uh my insatiable desire to be a top performer in the martial arts and. Then ultimately in life um ghost writer is asking um what happened to your sexual stuff like unlimited lovers here and does it deal with sexual magic and sexual alchemy uh unlimited lover doesn't deal directly with that aspect although the.

Second version of the course that i taught um one of my instructors who since passed on a guy by the name of grandmaster ed lake who was actually fundamentally initiating me into some of these these dallas secrets um he was a guest at my class and the very. Last part of the um of the training for unlimited lover he actually starts showing how to apply the taoist lotion magic square to sexual activity um it was just a little thing he did just for the guy the guys and gals in the in the audience um and. Then i archived that i never i never really released it. But i think we did.

Finally get it edited and i know it's archived um. But that's that's the biggest treatment of um sexual alchemy i did do a course called forever man which was all about um multiple male orgasms and beating premature ejaculation. But again it was focused on the functional practical aspects of sexuality and sexual attribute not. So much on the alchemy side of it those courses are available.

But in order for you to get them you must contact my office personally and ask for them and the reason the reason that is is because uh when you're teaching sexuality at any level people are going to get triggered and even though we're we're very much educators and and we're here to teach you how to have how to have better love lives from the most primal like meeting the right. Person all the way up to having long lasting sexually fulfilling ever increasing levels of fun pleasure excessive connection in your relationship and. Then using that energy for spiritual transformation we cover we teach the whole spectrum the problem is anytime the word sex comes up it every every terms of service agreement every red flag on the planet gets triggered and automatically everybody wants to lump you into the porn site category and. So i got.

So sick of having to constantly have my business ripped out from beneath me and i said you know what i'm just not doing this anymore right. Um i'm just i'm gonna start teaching other stuff and obviously it was a good thing right. But that fundamental niche that that need that people have that that hole in their life that they want filled is still there and. So i never i could never find it in my heart to completely leave in fact part of my golden path is to teach that material.

But i get triggered because i know every time i bring this up i'm i'm rolling the dice to see who's gonna you know hashtag me to me or you know accuse me of stuff or or just pull my email lists because they got a wild hair up their butt that day and i know something even though no. Email i ever sent out had an explicit picture in it or anything like that you know services like aweber eye contact they would just pull my plug all right. Google i mean back in the days we were banning they would just they would just someone would get a wild hair up their ass and the. Next thing i know i'm out of business again i'm starting from scratch.

So when we started doing the other things we had we had the products we never promoted them we never talked about them except like in the lives like we're doing now and they were kind of in the back shelf in this in the group. But. Then we started advertising on places like facebook. Where their entire where they have their spiders crawl your entire site and.

So the moment they found anything to do with attraction anything to do with dating anything to do with sexuality love or romance. First thing they did was turn off and cancel our ad accounts. So in order to be able to continue to advertise on google or google or or facebook. I had to pull all those courses off the shopping cart they're still active accessible inside the members area the end of our website.

But to get access to them you actually have to reach out to stephanie and ask to purchase them and she'll take your information or send you an invoice and. Then she'll go into your account on nlp power or david snyder nlp and she'll activate those courses for you. But that's the only way you're going to get them i apologize for the way you know people's sensitivities and sensibilities. But again i can't control how people interpret what i do right.

So hopefully that's a long drawn out explanation for why i kind of get break out in the highest and we start talking about sexuality or attraction um drebs 14 says i'm not sure we're not in a plastic reality oh reality is very plastic marina stephanie says dual load uh pilot man on this platform is the best astrologer okay. I don't know okay. Uh vader says hey david uh being how much do different teachings of astrology differ are there big differences or are they similar with just tiny differences i'll tell you what um there's a book. By uh rabbi bird called kabbalistic astrology available on kindle i think and it's available for i think you can get it actually if you're not if you have kindle unlimited it's available for free go download the book.

And read it and you tell me what you find answer that question for yourself um let's see here evader says i really like the sexy hypnosis stuff. So do i. But if i want to stay in business i got to do something else and i don't want to be and i and i never wanted to be pigeonholed as the hypnotic subdue the creepy seducer guy which is another thing that you you you run the risk of of getting tagged with um if you play in those niches for extremely you know i'm very lucky in that i started in that place and involved the technologies because there were other places in my life i wanted to get better at and other people did too and. So i continue to to use those things as stepping stones.

But at the end of the day their basic needs and the need that gets frustrated grows stronger. So i don't vilify any application for the tools and the techniques that we teach at planet david period you know um because you came here to you you came to youtube and you came specifically to my channel maybe for the entertainment value probably. But you know what you came here because there was a problem that you wanted to solve there was something you wanted to get better at and by and large a lot of those things were things i wanted to get better at too. So i went out and i learned some cool [ __ ] and.

Then i started looking for cool people like you who like to do cool stuff and here we are cool people doing cool stuff right. So by the way and if you are getting a lot of value from our channel i i please help us grow you know please help us reach out you know like and share like they tell you all those other youtube channels i you know i i don't do that. But maybe i should you know um i'm kind of old school that way. But you know please spread the word you know spread the content if you're getting value from what we do let more people know.

So we can help more people and do more stuff right. Um let's see here we're going to go about another 15 minutes and. Then if we've gone almost we'll be going almost two hours. So that's that's a long time.

So. But. Anyway oh also for those of you who are members of the channel either a gold a platinum or a diamond uh tomorrow 11 a.m to 4 p.m pacific time is our. Next diamond platinum our.

Next diamond mastermind. So the diamond mastermind is where you log in through zoom and i go around the room and i say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn i write them all on the board and. Then for the. Next six hours or.

So i drill you on those skills in an interactive format visually or you know video through video conferencing on those skills until you can do them in your sleep that is going to be a the link will be posted shortly uh in the diamond members area uh if you guys want to to you know get more content more personalized interaction more access to me i recommend you check out one of our community upgrades the gold level the diamond the platinum level the diamond dyno. Level has the the biggest bang for your buck. But you pick you know what you want you know there's lots of content that is really members only that is just extraordinary and we'll be sharing more of that as time goes on let me get back to questions um benjamin grateful says what is the name of the available uk vibrational influence does that have remote viewing no. Uk talks about remote influence a little bit.

But it is one of the courses even though it was a five-day course it was the one course where the vast majority of the attendees in other words all. But one voted to do something else other other than remote remote viewing in the earlier versions of vibrational influence they all cover almost all of them cover remote viewing. So the the earlier versions like from 2014 to like 2017 all have remote viewing training in it. So if you can get one of the older versions uh it's there uh power incarnate i've studied hypnosis during lockdown as a hobby thing.

But i still haven't hypnotized anyone else i fear ab reactions and i don't know how to approach people for it can you give me advice yes. We have a four-day accelerated hypnotherapy training coming up uh august. First through the fourth in las vegas and the. First thing one of the.

First things we do on day one is teach you how to be how to deal with that reaction. So that you'll never be afraid of them again day one right. Um in fact it's one of the most empowering parts of the training. So if you you know if you want to if you want to hypnotize people and you want to be good at it and you want to never have to worry about have reactions again i'll put for those of you who are interested it's 11 days.

But the the training i'm talking about is is the four day post conference. So it's http colon backslash www.dave forward slash 2022 htl 2 4 1. use this link and if you want to get trained personally by me four day intensive um show up if you want to come longer and spend 11 days with me there's an option for that too okay. Uh see evader says i learned a lot of hypnosis from your videos and others and indeed i and indeed i did orgasm hypnosis by now cool uh benjamin grateful power power hey david's permission to send you info about practice group on hypnosis on the weekends very good yeah i'm all about practicing um mr snuffle up because what is the opposite of meditation confusion um hyper now hyper analysis is another way to say it. But actually it's mostly confusion because meditation by and large is a is a kind of focus in letting go see here he's just casting it can you tell us how much a private session with you is it's very expensive it can range depending on what you want anywhere from seventeen hundred to thirty five dollars thirty five hundred dollars a session and it's probably going to go up um emin hey emma hi david what is the difference between your identity by design course and the npl courses for ceiling website night and day identity by design is a hypnotic holographic uh neuro linguistic integrative process that gives you mad skills in minimum time the nlp courses most of which were done when i was certifying through the society of nlp are based on the original classical nlp curriculum incepted in and around the 1970s and.

So a lot of it a lot of the ways i teach now and the techniques i teach now were constrained by the rules that were laid upon me i no. Longer certify through that that system. So and how i have card launch and freedom to teach it my way which is the is why we call it real world nlp um. But yeah they go in very different directions uh in fact i would recommend in fact i don't even teach people nlp until you've passed identity by design because if you can do identity by design you can rock every single neuro-linguistic technique out there better than people who started with nlp i've always maintained and pisses a lot of people off.

But if you want to be a kick-ass neuro-linguistic programmer be a great hypnotist. First it generalizes that way. But it doesn't generalize the other way in fact classical nlp training in my experience and i have a lot of it from a from a trainer's perspective and watching the product of a lot of other trainers organizations and i'm not pointing fingers at anyone it's not the trainer it's the training methodology that everybody's using makes you worse at hypnosis and it actually makes you afraid to make a mistake it actually a lot of the byproducts of old-school nlp training actually limit you and because nlp training has largely become commoditized like you can go to udemy for 15 bucks 17 bucks and learn nlp doesn't mean you're going to be any good at it right. The idea behind these skill sets is to develop a skill set and.

So we demand a certain level of practicum we deserve a certain level of attendance being present in the room doing the drills getting the skills and all of our trainings are designed like that right. Uh i can confidently say we do three times more hands-on training than any other trainer in the industry don't believe me ask the people who've been there they will tell you right. So you know it's my long drawn out explanation. But um you won't even get to nlp in my world unless you've got an identity by that.

So ghost rider says dan you come far from the red shirt days uh let's see power incarnate i suppose i don't have fb. But i could give it a try okay. Join the mastermind try it out see if that works for you because a lot of our a lot of our mastermind people they have they run study groups with other people from the masterminds. So let's see here um valerie vega says i would like to learn how to self-hypnotize which of your courses may start with self-mastery supercharger or secrets of personality transformation those courses are specifically designed to teach you how to hypnotize yourself in fact uh the webinar we just did two days ago we're offering a webinar package uh if you go if you go to this address here you go to this web address right.

Here you can watch the replay and for the. Next three days you can actually buy the webinar package that we were offering. So you can get a super discounted mega package that teaches you exactly how to hypnotize yourself exactly how to hypnotize other people and also teaches you how to use conversational hypnosis and how to change people's beliefs during normal conversation it's a massive package and uh people you know again it's only gonna be up for two or three days and. Then i'm taking it down.

But use that link um and you can watch the replay and and and get the package liam phone says i got very blessed with information today well thank you thank you for that okay. All right. I've got six minutes left guys what else you got for me you guys having fun has this been has this been a good use of your your friday mr c bug says i have five nlp courses from udemy that's why i'm here now yes. And mr c you're not alone i can't when i.

First started the mastermind i can't tell you how many people would pull me aside and say to me david you know i did this nlp training with. So and. So and when i got out when i was in there i thought i was learning all this really cool stuff and when i got out i felt like an idiot i felt like i had all this stuff and i couldn't use it and i felt like everybody else in the room knew more than i did and uh i was like i get that i've been there right. Most people i've said this a few times you guys might not i taught hypnosis nlp for free for 10 years before i was willing to certify a single human being and during those 10 years i saw the product of every single hypnosis nlp training organization on the planet there were hypnosis schools in los angeles that would send their students to my free events for extra credit i'd be teaching a class on conversation hypnosis pain removal pleasure enhancement language regression whatever and.

Then i you know the class of everybody be happy and these the five or six people come up with these papers in their hands say sir could could you sign my paper my teacher says i need it for extra credit i was like what's this right. Mr summons is awesome i got that package very good here's that link again for those of you who are kind of on the fence um let's see can the mastermind be attended by platinum members no. Valerie uh platinum members get access to the video of the mastermind after the event the only people who get to participate and do the hands-on with me in real time are the diamond level members. But platinum members get access to all the content.

So if you want to watch the video as a platinum member you can do that if you want to actually work with me in a group setting get feedback and get your question your specific questions answered. Then you want to upgrade to the diamond level okay. And i'm actually getting ready to close that down um or raise the price because it's getting really big and my commitment is to find ways to everybody wants create a lesson plan on the spot and teach you that stuff and it and the group's starting to get really big that i'm either gonna have to do one of several things either shut off enrollment raise the price or fission it into two separate groups which i can't do on youtube um. So that's probably not going to happen.

So if you want to get in now is probably the best time try it out for a couple months if it works for you stay if it doesn't just cancel your membership right. Um benjamin is asking do you have david do you have courses that are mostly about manifesting yeah it's called hidden laws which you have in laws of attraction uh that's the best one right. Now the. Next best course is going to be vibrational alchemy uh which is the seven day training we just finished in costa rica in may it is not available yet it's still in post-production.

So uh when that comes available we'll do launch for that. But we'll see uh art says uh hey jesus is asking any plans around yes. I'm writing one now um it's on speed healing by the way they're transformational there will be others. But i figured that was the one that was people could probably use the fastest um.

But i also have one planned for conversation hypnosis and covert hypnosis uh i may re-release secret orgasm tips which is a book. I wrote a course i created many many years ago. So there are books in the in and i'm also going to do one on vibrational influence and vibrational work as well. But they're down the line right.

So your support is greatly appreciated um let's see here let's see um [Music] image cycling for wealth example like a yacht or private jet is that a good way to use yeah yeah it's fine frank brown i just got here i've watched you on youtube for years welcome frank evader i teach some stuff on youtube too and i learned a lot from you. So i was not kidding when i invited you to my youtube channel evaders okay. I'll take a look. At it uh let's see here benjamin grateful twitter accounts twitter accounts for what hector larios hector have you found any practical application of the sephir yetzer while studying kabbalah not yet um doesn't mean it's not there i'll tell you what i've and i'm probably going to do a series of meditations and courses on this what i have found to be the most useful is the shema beforeish the 72 names of god that's been my focus of study for close to 30 years now and.

So that's where i get the biggest bang for my buck and. So that's what i focus on frank brown i watched your nlp videos on youtube even tips on getting laid which really do work yeah buddy you go carlos is dope i don't know what that means um let's see here uh new being thank you this made me stay up although the clock says to everybody give uh give new being a big round of applause for being up at 2 19 in the morning god bless you sir we love you uh dot care dot carter dot hey yeah hey back valley says make sense thanks goder says raise the price okay. I'll raise the price uh that's what my that's my uh my secretary my assistant has been telling me for years now in fact my mega platinum members who are my members of my 100 000 year coaching program um they're telling me to raise my prices um. So.

Anyway uh see bradley says thanks for the live stream by the way and hello everyone from sunny southern califor is it south carolina or southern california i think it's south carolina well i come to new york very soon not anytime soon uh we will get out to florida sometime this year though uh ghost under a pseudonym like the master yeah enjoy your day man why they say 70 names of god can because it can be if you don't understand what you're doing and you get lucky you can blow yourself up. But for most people it's relatively harmless because you don't got the training and you don't have the tradition behind your behind you to really do anything with it. So co.93 lv i'm a handsome optimistic man enjoying 49 years and boom neuropathy hits me. Last year i do the nlp techniques for pain removal.

But mostly something. But mostly i somewhat tell me something good uh study the transformational triad we've had ridiculous amounts of success uh reversing various forms of neuropathy um not saying it'll work for you. But i know at least three three three times i've done it where i've reversed neuropathy from diabetes uh traumatic brain injury and uh physical injuries to the nerves itself um let's see here hector laura says thanks david you super rock how about visiting every state. So he can attend live events well i'll see what i can do with that i love qigong uh scott uh on the on the 72 names of god i recently manifested 600 using david's baby steps boom right.

I can't make this up guys i can't make it up can image cycling increase one's height even if maybe it's worth testing right. We're testing. Anyway it is 202 52. welcome kenny childs to the gold archive enjoy your footage i want to thank you all for making my friday very cool i hope you've enjoyed the the time we spent together i look. Forward to seeing you guys inside our members areas at our masterminds and and live events um let me just post it um again uh i i did uh post a replay alongside this live.

So a lot of these links should be there if you want to get on my one of my private mailing lists and get that 21 that pdf you can go to uh http colon backslash www.drdavid.com you want to get in on the vegas training you can go to http dot david snyder events um forward slash uh two zero two two htl two for one and. Finally if you want the the replay and get that to get that uh self-hypnosis package and all the all the bonuses you can go to http www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash 2 2 0 7 1 3 r s m i'm speaking them deliberately out loud just. So that if you don't get the link in the chat you can at least write it down for yourself. Anyway thank you.

So much this was actually fun i i haven't had this much fun uh great questions i love you all uh and you are my reason for doing what i do good night god bless in the words of the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together if you want to post testimonials please do post them just to have a laugh or sing a song thing seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody god bless take care.
