Title: FeYZ2PJ4cBE.txt
Video Id: FeYZ2PJ4cBE
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FeYZ2PJ4cBE

Foreign this is. Dr. David checking in and. I just wanted to say hello to everyone welcome to my.

First webinar in a while hitting the laws of attraction how to mess how to manifest anything you want faster than you ever thought possible today we're going to be covering some of the most powerful and in many cases simple ways to manifest things that. I've ever found in my life and. I've spent a lot of time looking before we get into the content of tonight's webinar. I do have a few uh administrative details that.

I'd like to go over with you um let me just go ahead and bring up my chats here um. So for those of you who are joining us um. First time tonight we got quite a few people in the chat already and it's picking up speed. So if this is your.

First time please type in the chat. First time your name and where you're checking in from okay. And. Then what.

I'd like you to do is type in what you'd like to be able to do today obviously you're here to learn about manifesting. I get that. But what is it you you want to manifest what what where what area of your life would you like to improve and if you could get that and you could do that what. Then right.

What's what's your. Next step what are you gonna what are you gonna do with this information right. Um as you're doing that if you are a veteran of. Planet.

David if you've been here you know longer than three months um if you've been to live trainings if you're one of our megas or our platinums or uh. Armando members please type in your chat how long uh where you're checking in from and how long you've been in. Planet. David um because you guys you veterans out there you're going to be my assistants for the.

Next two two to three hours yes. I did say two to three hours my webinars are never short and. So uh one of the things that something just happened with my live stream to. YouTube by the way say hello to all of our.

YouTube folks out there um we are simulcasting we are talking to our brother our brothers and sisters here uh on jet webinar. But we're also live casting to our our subscriber audience out in. YouTube land. So those of you on the uh on the.

YouTube channel um. I will see about restoring the feed just as soon as. I can uh. I know you guys are freaking out don't as they say in uh.

Hitchhiker's. Guide to the. Galaxy don't panic it will be up soon in the meantime let me let me see what's going on here with um our live stream um says it's preparing okay. According to them.

I'm back. So. I can keep talking okay. So before we jump into tonight's content let me just um go through some administrative stuff.

First of all if this is your. First time with us um it's really important when we do these webinars together that we treat them for what they are they're classes they're designed to give you a very discreet very concentrated skill set something that you can take out into the world and put to work right. Away okay. And.

I want. So. I want you guys to really kind of wrap your heads around that this is a participation dependent. Workshop okay.

I do apologize in advance because. I have multiple chats going and. I need to make sure that everybody's taken care of. But.

I want you to understand you don't have to believe a single thing that we're going to be working on together or playing with today all you've got to do is actually just do it and. So my job here is to find out what you want and customize that content customize that material. So that you're getting exactly that uh does that make sense are you guys with me uh up to speed on that if you're if you're okay. With that and that sounds like a plan um let me go to my chats here there we go um where's my chat.

I see participants. But. I don't see my chat oh there we go uh there's chat um there's. Ritu and a bunch of okay.

So type in the um see if there's any questions in the chat really quick. I want to miss the home that is not an apartment. I get that okay. So let's start again.

So. First of all if you have not already gotten something to write on and write with please do. So okay. Uh there's gonna be a bunch of drills that we're going to go through type in the chat what it is um you know where you're checking in from because.

I don't see a lot of people in the chat and that could be on our end or it could be um yeah if you're just gonna sit here and watch the show you're not going to get nearly as much out of this as if you actually do the drills and get the skills okay. That being said when we talk about. Law of. Attraction most of us have bought into uh the story of the secret for example the secret tells us that we will pull into our lives with the i the experiences people situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with our dominant thoughts that's true enough to be true.

But if it were that simple we'd all get everything we wanted true not true type that type it in the chat if you if you've ever had the. Law of. Attraction not work right. Okay.

Jack says true. I'm in. Mount. Prospect where friendliness is a way of life supposedly okay.

Oh okay. That people are starting to check in. Eddie says. Edie says true um not hearing any sound from jet webinar let me check my well no.

Apparently other people are hearing me. So it must be it must be on your end dude um yeah we're good okay. Um to 70 of the time. So.

So there got to be something else going on right. There's got to be something else behind why the. Law of. Attraction isn't working 100 of the time for us turns out there's more than one thing there's a bunch of stuff because when the people who wanted to teach us about manifestation and teach us about for all intents and purposes modern day magical practices they left a bunch of stuff out today we're going to cover a bunch of the stuff that they left out we're going to help you kind of troubleshoot why your.

Law of. Attraction techniques may not be working we're going to help you to remove certain blocks that might be in your way we're going to show you some of the most powerful easy to use a subconscious reprogramming methodologies available for you to. Fast. Track.

Your manifestation abilities now to do that we've got to cover some bases we've got to cover some foundations. So uh if you can answer yes. To any of the following questions um hold on a. Second where's my where's my there we go.

So by show of hands in the chat how many of here would like to use their manifestation skills to become more attractive to the opposite sex maybe come maybe attract their soulmate or become more irresistible and charismatic in some situation or circumstance if that's you type that type me in the chat how many of you would like to stop being afraid how would you like to move through the world emanating a confidence and a. Charisma that is the. Envy of everyone you know and everyone you meet if this is for you typed out and type that's for me in the chat how many you'd like to manifest more money prosperity in whatever context that means to you in other words maybe for you. Prosperity isn't just a lot of money it's the time and the freedom to go and use it or the health that allows you to make the most of it right.

What does prosperity mean to you and if you could get that would that be something if that's something you want you're on the fast track tonight to getting it okay. If you'd like to have people thinking and feeling the way you want them to think and feel you'd like them to kind of see your point of view this is a really good place for you to be tonight because the principles and the and the methodologies that. I'm going to share with you tonight are some of the most fundamental and pervasive principles for influencing humans and the universe itself to do whatever you want okay. How many of you would like to be able to protect yourself from the manipulators and the predators of the world psychic and energy vampires would that be something that you might be interested in if.

So type type that's for me in the chat because that is exactly what part of your part of what you'll be learning tonight again one of the things that we need to understand about manifestation and and again this might raise a few hackles from the more. Orthodox uh conservative people in our in our in our community you need to understand that when we're talking about manifestation at its core what we're talking about a concept that has been known for centuries as the word is. Magic or manif or um sorcery or whatever word you want to use to. Abracadabra.

But we're not talking about stage. Illusions we're talking about understanding the fundamental building blocks of causality in the universe and how the your own personal nervous system is designed by the. Big. G upstairs to interface with that mechanism that device your nervous system we call it a holographic we have a holographic memory.

Theory it is designed to interface with the quantum it's designed to be able to impregnate the universe and pull things into manifestation. But to tap into the full power of that system we need to back up and we need to start at some what some of you may consider basic or fundamentals. But. Then we're going to really move quickly through it.

So how many of you would like to have a better job or nail you know to have the money to start your own business or track new friends right. If you answered yes. To any of the things. I talked about you're in the right.

Place okay. We're gonna we're gonna cover the building blocks to doing all that and a whole lot more okay. So like. I said before.

I am when. I teach a class and. I. I mean this sincerely when.

I teach a class. I am very much an uh a teacher who thrives on interactiveness with the students okay. The more feedback you give me the more you answer me in the chat you give me the information. I'm looking for the more.

I can customize the content of tonight's webinar to you if that makes sense type it in the chat. Brad says he just wants to help others and protect himself okay. Sandeep says make sense. Tammy says yes.

Edie says yes. Perfect thank you guys for being more responsive. I really appreciate that all right. So let's talk about let's get down to.

Basics like. Okay. So who the hell is. Dr.

David. Snyder and why should. I care. First of all.

I actually am a doctor of. Chinese medicine uh let me show you my screen really quick this is actually my doctorate from. Pacific. College of.

Oriental medicine. I've had a practice in. Solana. Beach.

California where. I've been teaching uh uh not well teaching. Law of. Attraction stuff.

I'm just part of my. Mastermind programs. But also um to my students and to my patients. I've had a practice there for well over 15 years where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotions.

So while a lot of doctors and. Physicians and chiropractors and acupuncturers they deal with a lot of physical stuff. I do too. But.

I come at it from a very different place. I come at it from the point of these people actually manifested the illness it's caused by repressed emotion and that's one of the big things that. I. I want us to really drill down on tonight is this understanding that you guys are all actually really good at manifesting the problem is is that you're really good at manifesting you just don't know all the.

Dynamics that are causing you to manifest crap. So one of the things. I tell a lot of people is that human beings tend to go through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and it's the it's the difference between the thrust from the engine and the drag from the anchor that determines how far they get how fast now why do. I bring this up two reasons a if all we more people most people are moving through the world trying to put more thrust in the engine they're trying to get more horsepower more juice more more push right.

And on the surface that seems like a good idea. But inevitably what happens is the harder that engine pushes the more drag that anchor creates. But if all we did was go in and chop the chain drop the anchors we take off like a rocket and that's part of what tonight's webinar is about the other part the other reason. I'm bringing this up is because one of the most emotionally triggering classes.

I ever took. Was a class on manifestation it was it was when. I was learning uh. DNA fading.

I'll give you my energy credentials here in a minute. But um when. I was learning. DNA.

Theta healing and. Advanced. Data healing and advanced. DNA.

Theta healing manifestation techniques. I walked into this this class on manifestation and for the. Next three and a half hours all. I did was ball my eyes.

Out stuff was coming out of nowhere. I had no. Idea what the hell was happening until. I purged all those blocks and all of a sudden things started to pop for me okay.

So one of the big challenges that we have when we start to apply vibrational or energetic techniques is to higher the vibration we seek to channel the more it causes it it tends to cause a chain reaction in our bodies where we start to purge stuff and if you if and if nobody stands up before you begin these practices and tells you feeling like a walking apology is actually normal you're gonna quit you're going to think you're doing something wrong you're going to think wait a minute this this isn't this isn't how it's supposed to be um. But and that's one of the reasons why a lot of people who are selling meditation programs and. Law of. Attraction things if they know this they're not going to tell you that because if they told you you would you might actually have to shuffle some actual deep level stuff to become the powerful manifester you're capable of being that you were designed by by source to be you would probably quit and find look.

For something else okay. But. I'm going to be up front with you these techniques work and they're powerful and if you apply them you will be astonished. However there's an evolution process that you will start to trigger now most of the people been around playing a day for a while they get that right.

But if as you're going through these techniques emotions start to come up remember something that's supposed to happen which brings us to um a couple of things. First and foremost how many of you have ever noticed that the. Law of. Attraction um the way most people teach it they say they'll say to you you'll bring into your life the the vibrations that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts if you've heard that said type that in the chat okay.

Here's problem number one people don't know what their dominant thoughts really are let me say that again people do not know what their dominant thoughts truly are. I'm going to give you some some basic principles that. I need you're probably going to need to write these down because. I'm actually.

I'm actually skipping ahead into the webinar usually. I go through my whole pedigree and. I talk about my background like. I have a tend to be black belt into martial arts.

I have. I'm. I got a doc. I'm getting.

I'm working on a doctorate in medical. Qigong. I have a doctorate in. Chinese medicine um one of the world's leading.

Authorities on neuro-linguistic programming for the. Last five six seven years. I've been voted the number two trainer the number one or two trainers in the world in. NLP.

I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence a lot of this has been because of my ability to manifest now. I could tell you story after story after. Story and all that would do would entertain you and inspire you maybe. But it wouldn't give you the ability to actually do some of this stuff.

So. I'm just going to jump in for the. Next 45 minutes or. So.

I'm going to give you as much foundational material as. I can. I'm going to put you through as many drills as. I can at about the 45 minute mark.

I'm going to launch into phase two of our webinar phase two of our webinar is very simple. I'm going to show you how to take all the things you're learning in tonight's webinar and step it up to the. Third fourth and fifth levels how to become a master manifester if you think. I'm a master of manifesting and you want to do what.

I do. I'll show you how to do what. I do if you want to become better than me. I'll show you how to do that too because.

I have the techniques and trainings that. I'm working on that are are the. Next levels for me. So.

I will promise you. I will teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have. I will point you in the direction of where to go for more and.

Then. I'm going to circle back to the content the grounds we're laying right. Now and. I'm going to continue to teach is that fair to take you as far as.

I can show you where to go for more and. Then continue to teach yes. Or yes. Type as.

T hard record would say is that a yes. Or yes. Perfect okay. Great.

So once again you're going to want to stay till the very end of the webinar and one of the reasons for that is that um where's my. I want to teach you the two most important factors for manifesting anything you want and. I need to explain that a little bit. I'm going to show you the what.

I call the laws of mental. Dynamics and. Universal loss the ones they didn't tell you about. I want to teach you about a phenomena we developed in.

Planet. David called body centered energy psychology this is how your holographic nervous system actually works and if you start playing with the drills we're going to do in this webinar tonight you're going to see profound changes you're going to start clearing at a. Quant at. Quantum speed and as you clear that stuff out your manifestation abilities are going to double triple and quadruple and they're just going to keep getting stronger okay.

Again remember nothing is free as my teacher. Jerry. Allen one of my teachers. Jerry.

Allen. Johnson likes to say you have all of these latent abilities inside of you okay. They're there they're your. Birthright.

God the universe gave them to you because you're a soul because you have a soul. But they're covered up they're blocked by stuff that you've accumulated when you incarnated the biggest piece of tapping into your natural god-given ability to manifest is clearing that off and. Then communicating to the part of you that runs that nervous system in a way it understands are you with me. So far if this is making sense type that makes sense in the chat cool all right.

All right. So let's let's start with uh let's do a drill. First okay. So this.

First drill that. I'd like us to do is called is a vibrational drill it's a state control drill when you start looking at when. I started looking at all the things that. I'm trained in from neuro-linguistic programming to all the different martial arts systems that.

I've studied and. I have a. I have a 10 degree black belt in the martial arts and. I have a bunch of other high-ranking black belts as well uh all of these deal with energy or the mind in some way in addition to being self-defense systems all right.

I've studied many many different forms of. Qigong like. I said. I'm working on a doctorate in medical.

Qigong. I'm also in uh trained in. Dallas mysticism. Buddhist mysticism.

Christian mysticism and cabal. So. I'm and. I've been in a kabbalist since before.

Madonna ever heard of. Kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna.

I'll let you figure that one out. So one of the things that we talk about in. The. Law of.

Attraction trainings that most of us has been through is this whole concept of vibration or energy true or not true true or not true all right. Now here's the problem a we tend to. I thought a cabal was a gaggle with witches very funny. Brad now.

Kabbalah actually it's a. Hebrew mystical tradition. But. Anyway the problem we talk about things like energy and vibration is that you go to five different energy practitioners you ask them what their definition of energy is you'll get five different definitions.

So a lot of times. I. I'm very critical of a lot of energy healing systems or practitioners because they get very vague and very fuzzy uh when we start talking about energy even more. So well vibration's a little bit more sciencey.

So. I. I prefer that word to use and that's the problem how many of you here know what affirmations are type in okay. Now here's this is the.

First test of the night because. I know some of you are going to be honest with me and some of you are just gonna lie and it's okay. How many of you don't start doing affirmations until you're in a shitty mood and you want to get out of it type that if that's you type it in the chat okay. Very good.

Cindy says yep yep yep now do you ever think about that think about that from a law of attraction standpoint for a minute why if we understand the law of vibration all right. Higher vibrations higher vibrations are supposed to control lower vibrations true not true not true okay. So if that's true and. I think everybody here agrees that it is why do we wait till we're in a shitty mood to manifest things or attempt to manifest things it's because of this we don't want to be in the state.

So it's not the manifestation part we want it's the state change does that make sense. But from a purely mechanical perspective if you're if if the vibration you need to manifest something is up here and your default level is here and you wait till you're here 80 to 90 percent of your work is just to get your state back to what's. Baseline. So here's how what we need to do to fix this we need to exercise what in my in.

Planet. David we call vibrational. State. Control now all science aside this is functional practical vibrational.

Law of. Attraction training now the feelings in your body the the total all the sum total of all the feelings in your body are equal to the vibrational message or signal you're sending out to the world you're like if you think of yourself as the world's largest organic antenna and you're beaming out pulses into the universe that the universe is going to send back right. The sum total of all the body feelings that you have is that signal or that message does that make sense okay. Let me check let me check on my.

YouTubers are you there uh okay. Looks like we lost our. YouTubers um let me close this out all right. So.

I'm just gonna just give me one. Second here because. I don't want to lose anybody. But at the same time.

I want to keep this this webinar going maybe my. YouTubers weren't just weren't meant to get this what do you think weird things happen all right. So. So here's the.

First rule know your outcome know what you want control your state affirmations in themselves you find lame even if the message is. On. Target. Paul you are one thousand percent right.

The way we're taught to do affirmations is lame for my from to use. Paul's words the part they left out about when to do affirmations and when not to do affirmations makes them even. Lamer. But what if there were a few simple tricks a few simple games that we could play that would tap into the full power of not only the affirmation itself.

But the full power of your nervous system and cause it to generate a body feeling that is. So powerful and. So strong that if your. Baseline is here and you started here within three to five repetitions you were here and.

Then you just kept getting higher and higher and higher would that be useful okay. So let's review some. Basics okay. Because.

I'm. I'm not using the. PowerPoint a whole lot. I will when we get to um certain things.

But. I think it's more important that we work together. John with the nervous system be okay. With the changes in fight back that is a great question and the answer is.

Maybe and here's why that the technology. I'm about to give you about to share with you it's a it's a microcosm of what we'll be doing at our live event in. August. But it's enough for you to get started is about what we call it vibrational.

State. Control. State. Control can be summed our definition of.

State control is the ability to enter or exit any psycho-emotional energetic. State at will on demand under any situation or circumstance most people are moving through the world at. Mercy at the mercy of their environment and their dominant thoughts and the problem is is they don't know what their dominant thoughts actually are your dominant thoughts are not the ones that you're aware of and. I bring that up again because uh in reference to.

John's question when we start doing this process you're going to notice something you're going to notice different body feelings happening at this you may not always you may notice different body feelings happening at the same time and that is how you zero in on your dominant thoughts and versus your non-dominant thoughts. But. I'll give you this right. Up front for nothing your dominant thoughts are not the ones you're consciously aware of your dominant thoughts are the secret memories feelings thoughts and beliefs that are on autopilot below the threshold of conscious awareness.

So if you're like let's say back when you were a kid right. And you were. First learning to drive and you drove through an intersection and maybe you blew through a stop sign by accident and all of a sudden boom you got you got. T-boned there was a big hullabaloo and from that point anytime you went through um an intersection maybe you didn't panic.

But you remembered that moment or at certain intersections with certain colors or certain sounds or whatever you had a little. Flash of that memory does anybody ever have an experience like that where something happened and even though it didn't cause you to out and out panic when you found yourself in a similar situation or circumstance it flashed up to into your head type it in the chat if that's ever happened for you okay. Welcome to your dominant thoughts you see anytime we undergo a traumatic experience whether we think of it as a big capital. T trauma or the accumulation of a bunch of little ones our unconscious mind records it and puts it on an endless loop and they keep yes.

Writing with moss oh. Heather that's that's cold. Anyway um and. So it's on an endless loop where does that put.

Prejudice conscious or unconscious some of them. Brad are inherited others most are learned. So they all start off either unconscious or this or or they begin as conscious and become unconscious anything you've learned is something that started for the most part unconsciously and are consciously and. Then became unconscious okay.

From repetition okay. It's easiest to be programmed when you're zero to five years old because you have no. Critical faculty the gateway to your subconscious mind is wide open and whatever you experience goes right. In on challenge right.

We call this this particular phenomenon and what happens is your nervous system tends to sort for what's familiar if it's given the choice between something new and exciting. But never done before and something that it's done a gazillion times and isn't always fun. But it's familiar your neurology will sort for the familiarity we call it we call it transformational inertia whatever was there the longest and the strongest tends to get more gravity to it and it fights the hardest to be changed unless you know how to get back to before that event was actually encoded and you change it before it could happen wait we have to do time travel to this yes. Can the.

Mind do that uh-huh right. So you guys ready to play a little bit yes. Or yes. Okay.

So. First and foremost how many of you would like to be up to 31 percent better at everything raise your hands type it in chat okay. Here's all you need to do be playful have as much fun as humanly possible okay. FBI.

Behavioral analysis have have discovered you can reference. Chris. Voss on this that when a. FBI hostage negotiator approaches an interaction and an easy going playful um explorational curious.

State there are up to 31 percent more perceptive 31 percent more adaptable 31 percent more likely to get their outcome and their than their counterpart the hostage taker is up to 31 percent more compliant what would your life be like if a. Third more people you know 33 more of the people in your life said yes. To you if 33 more of the opportunities you were presented with came your way right. That's all you got believe it or not that's all you got to do the problem is is we live in a society that teaches us every we have to take everything seriously that we have to be focused.

But focus is important. But we can be playful and focused at the same time ask anybody who plays a video game right. So. Focus has nothing to do with seriousness seriousness is what shuts people down tension is what shuts people down.

So think about this we're talking about vibrations now which is a higher vibration. Joy or sadness just type it in the chat what's a higher vibration playfulness or seriousness what's a higher vibration rage or exultation you don't have to spell exultation right. It's okay. Right.

Yeah. X yeah. So why do we try why do we try to manifest shipping a technical term specialized hypnotic influence techniques when we're negative it's because of the way we're trained you know um. I think it was.

I think it was. Craig or. Paul was asking earlier about things being learned we're taught to be serious when we don't need to be we we train it out of our children right. So we need to get that back we need to recapture the fun the playfulness.

The. Joy the. Gratitude especially gratitude gratitude is one of the most healing and. Powerful manifestation tools or energies that we have.

I want you to start thinking of your nervous system going forward now like a set of tools it's a it's a device that you use to create what you want in this universe. So what we're going to do. First is we're going to start playing with controlling our state. Then we're going to show you how to tap into the power of your emotional body to amplify the state even more and.

Then. I'm going to teach you a process for doing affirmations that will dramatically magnify your ability to pull things into your life does that sound like a plan okay. Perfect that should bring us up to about the top of the hour at which point. I'll show you how to take what we're training with you here and level it up.

So. First and foremost if you are if you are driving don't do this um if you're not if you do want to do this exercise. Mark says hi. David.

I've never seen you looking better either physically or energetic well thank you. So much for that. I work hard to keep my girlish figure right. I have to say that.

I have to be non-inclusive because. I'm in. California it's one of those things okay. So.

First and foremost. I want everybody to stand up there's two ways you control your state and most of us are taught in. Reverse. So we all know that we can use our mind to control our bodies and that's true enough to be true except it's not functionally speaking.

Because unless you're an elite athlete um. Special. Forces. Soldier a.

Buddhist monk. Shaolin. Warrior uh or something in that ilk you're at the mercy of your physiology your psychology is at the mercy of your physiology. So if if that's the truth.

Then let's play with that. First let me show you a bulletproof way to control your state every single time would that be useful all right. So. I need you guys to stand up.

I'm going to expand my screen just a little bit here. So. I can see what's going on um and what. I want you to do is.

I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really want it. I mean on a scale of zero to ten it had like a lust factor of 27. right.

I want you to close your eyes. And re and. I'm going to add a couple parameters to this not only did you see something you wanted you made a decision in that moment that you were going to get it no. Matter what and you made a plan and you put that plan into operation and you work that plan and boom you nailed it home run.

I want you to remember that moment of. Victory. I want you to remember that moment when you realized you're about to get every single thing you want what were you seeing in that moment what were you hearing what were you smelling what were you tasting because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get the feeling of absolute victory. I'd like you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it now look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling notice what that color is because we're going to do something with that in a minute. First impression now as you remember what you were seeing remember what you were hearing remember what you were smelling remember what you were tasting. I want you to remember something else.

I want you to remember how you were standing in that moment and. I want you to stand that way. I want you to remember how you were grieving in that moment and. I.

Want. You to. Breathe that way and all of those feelings come flooding back into your mind and body and now take that color that's the color of those feelings imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all defeats all lost is real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that. I. Want.

You to. Breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchored and. So fully still completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you've got that breathe that color through your body once again.

I know. I'm going a little fast and it's okay. And now here's what. I want you to do without changing a single thing about the way you're breathing without changing a single thing about the way you're standing summon up your willpower and once again without changing anything about your breath without changing anything about your posture as an act of will try to feel bad and notice what happens instead when you're done trying stop let all those feelings double the good feelings and.

Then tell me what you experience type in the chat what you experienced when you try to to feel bad. I kept your posture the same make sure you follow the instructions take all the time you need to just do that now when you're ready. I'll wait resistance to feeling bad. Sunday was that what what happened yes.

Interesting right. Was not able. Ritu says not able to feel bad how about that the joyfulness remain resistance perfect this is what we need to understand about the ability your vibrations. Korean says my chest hurt okay.

There's probably an energy block there we'll have to deal with. But. I'll show you how to do that here's the secret if you're gonna do any form of manifestation do this. First you understand whatever state you're in the bad could not come through exactly your physiology what you do with your posture and your breathing is more powerful than your will think about what.

I asked you to do. I had you hold your posture. I had you hold your breathing. Then.

I had you summon up your willpower and as an act of will try to feel badly and be your body wouldn't let you do it because you held the posture this is such a profound and. Powerful key how to access the true power of your mind and body together and that's the challenges we live in a separatist. Society we separate the. Mind from the body the body from the energy and we treat them like independent and independent um departments.

So to speak. But they're not we have to put all of the system back together the way it was intended to work and when that happens magic happens. Paul says. I can't stand up with a big time pain have a watch okay.

You can do this sitting down you can do a sitting down just remember what it felt like and approximate it without standing up. So from the waist up or whatever or whatever is comfortable just assume a victory pose right. Now you can look. At the research on this goes back to.

Amy. Cuddy actually we're doing it long before. Amy came out with the research. But she did all this all the science.

So if you go and watch her. Ted. Talk on power poses you'll actually get a glimpse at the science behind what you just did we're taking it way further we have been for a long time. But if you want if you're if you're a science buff and you want to see the double-blind studies and all that that's where go check that out.

So before you do any kind of manifestation work you got to know what you want what does that mean you got to know what you want and how you know you're getting it how will you recognize if you're moving towards what you're what you're asking for or what you don't okay. So that's a big piece right. There we'll cover that in our training in. August um because there's there's little nuances to it that make it a little bit more foolproof.

But knowing what you want and having a way to measure it that's all you need to know for tonight what do you want now focus on what you want not on what you don't want we'll talk about the. Dynamics of that a little bit. Later. But let's say we want to start to begin to build on this right.

Do you think coming from a feeling starting any activity with a feeling of being a winner and having gotten what you want is a better place to start. Then. I feel like. I feel like a loser let me just write sentences until.

I feel better what do you think right. The problem is and this is this is what you're gonna this is the challenge you're going to face negative states have a gravity to them that's why we become. So motivated to do anything to change it. So there's a book.

I want you to get it's called. The. Power of bad by. Roy.

Baumeister okay. You have a negativity bias in your system of affordable four to one ratio. So if you have one good thing happen your nervous system assigns a charge of one to that. But if one bad thing happens your nervous system assigns a four a charge of four to that does that make sense yeah it it's a it's a screwed up ratio.

But at least it's something we can work with that means that you have to do four times the work when something bad happens just to get back to where you started from beginning to understand why maybe classical affirmations the way we're taught don't work a you don't know what your dominant thoughts are. B you don't you've got to do at least four times the affirmations just to get back to even yeah um. B you don't a lot of times the the affirmations that we create are in conflict with dominant thoughts that are locked below the threshold of conscious awareness we're going to get to that uh either right. Before the uh part two or right.

After because we want to show you how to find those and eliminate them is this helpful this whole playfulness and. Victorious drill was this helpful okay. Here's a secret to this if you played this game and other games that. I'll show you in part three of the webinar like this your system will start to evolve your neurology will start to cleanse and.

Purge itself and it will start to open up new faculties new brain regions will open up and become more alive more active and more powerful in your life and you'll be able to do more stuff okay. But there's a price you're gonna you're gonna go through you're gonna have to clear some stuff right. And part of my job as in. Planet.

David and my platinums and my veterans will tell you we have whole trainings devoted to how to clear your and get get out of your own way okay. We're going to show you some of that stuff tonight. But. I wanted to give you this whole state control piece.

First because once you understand that you're never helpless you're not at the mercy of your emotions if you just understand that you can train you can change any any emotional state you're in by just thinking of a time when you felt a certain way that you'd like to feel instead and stand that way you will within two minutes by holding that pose within two minutes you will reliably go into that state. Then all you have to do to stay there is hold the pose right. Um and. I have people who work in critical care facilities.

I have people who deal in hospice. I have people who are. Emergency. Room.

Physicians and they swear by. I have personal injury attorneys who deal with hostile judges and juries uh. I have people at the. Pentagon who work who do this stuff.

I have people in the defense department. I mean. I've worked with a lot of different areas where this is important and this is what they come back to again and again and again okay. So this is where.

I want you to start wasn't strike a pose. Madonna yes. It was. But.

I'm a prima donna. So. I get. I get dibs all right.

Here's the. Next piece what would your life be like if you if you have the magical ability to reach into somebody's heart and mind find out what they most truly and deeply wanted and we're able to link it to connect it to bond it to what you want in such a way that they feel absolutely compelled to do what you want them to do what could you do with a superpower like that type it in the chat what could you do. Lots right. So happy okay.

What you're about to learn in. Planet. David oh don't tempt me oh that's my job. Kareem that's what.

I do don't want to put it in writing that's fine. Tony. I'm not. I'm not a persuasion or manifestation policeman.

But remember. I haven't met. Karma dated her sister karma's a. So be careful right.

But here's the best part if you understand the principles that. I'm sharing with you and you actually apply them you can move through the world manifesting everything you want and you never have to lie cheat steal uh deceitfully or malevolently influence anyone and you'll never have to look. Over your shoulder would that be helpful okay. Okay.

Everything. I'm giving you there's a whole lot more in like we do that we do in the live training and stuff. But. I don't have time to give you three days you know if this is the scope of everything we teach in our events and in our books and stuff like that.

I've got time for this much. So. I'm going to take you as far as. I can as fast as.

I can and point you in the direction of where to go. Next. So this. Next piece um.

I'm gonna have to share my screen for this one okay. But it's going to teach you something very very powerful this is called the emotional motivation checklist. So now you you feel what it's like to be to move through the world from a. Victorious state right.

What if we could once we have this. Victorious. State what if we could add in all the things that emotionally fire us up and motivate us to get what we want what if we could what if we could get. So fired up about something that procrastination was just like a fart and a little proverbial fart in the breeze just gone would that be helpful okay.

So for this. Next one uh. I'm going to share my screen um. I have to x out of the.

I'm gonna you have to excuse me. I'm gonna have to x out of the chat because. I need to see what. I'm what.

I'm going to be doing hold on a. Second okay. So can you guys all see my screen here okay. Good uh.

I would recommend if you can take a screenshot of it this is the template we're going to follow. So. First and foremost. I want you to close your you're going to need something you're going to need a piece of paper and a pencil and.

I prefer that it's something you can physically write with rather than uh like typing on a keyboard okay. And. I can explain why it's the live event uh when we're there okay. I want you to close your eyes.

And think back to when you saw me advertising for this webinar you see when you chose to come on this webinar there was something you wanted something you wanted to be able to do as a byproduct of this webinar right. Something you want to be able to achieve is a byproduct from this webinar right. I want you to take a moment and. I and just like you see in section.

A. I want you to write at the top of your page what do. I want from today's webinar. I want you to just write the question and just in your own words.

First per. First. Impressions just write what comes up what do you want to be able to do you don't type it in the chat. Peter type it type it in on on your piece of paper okay.

We're tapping into some very very powerful mind principles here that. I don't have time to explain. But you don't need to understand the principles to use the principles in part three. I'll go back and.

I'll explain the exact principles that we're using right. Now. I want you to have the experience. So.

I want you to write what you want to get from this seminar what it's going to do for you pay attention as you see here pay attention to the exact words that come up okay. And write those down now. I want you to close your eyes. For a moment and think about having this right.

Let me just draw this in here. So if we got this answer the. Next question what's important about getting that to you and write your answer verbatim here okay. So what do you get what do you want from the webinar what's it going to do for you imagine having it what's important about that to you and again.

I'm not going to ask you necessarily what what that importance is it's for you to know okay. But write it down physically. So you should have something for each of these spaces you should have something on your paper filled out when you're done when you've gotten that far just type done in the chat oops. I'm sorry apparently.

I did not my bad okay. I'm sorry. I didn't realize that um for some reason it didn't show on the screen. So can you guys see that okay.

Cool is it okay. Now. Mark or is it still small okay. So small.

But okay. Let me see if. I can make this a little bit bigger. I'm working with a brand new webinar interface and.

I don't know how to make things easier to see let me try this really quick foreign am. I working with a new webinar interface. I'm also working with a much smaller screen than. I'm used to playing with.

So can you see it better now okay. Excellent. So again what do you want to get from this webinar as a byproduct of this webinar what's it going to do for you write down your exact words ask yourself that once you start imagining what that's like and what it's going to do for you ask yourself what's important to me about getting this and write the write the. First thing that pops up into your head it's really important to always focus on the.

First thing that pops into your head without any kind of editing whatsoever okay. And. Then imagine having that imagine having that hold on a. Second somehow some way there we go um imagine having that and ask yourself the question again what's important about it and just keep repeating that process until you have questions a through.

D answered. So ultimately if you if you got this from tonight's webinar and it gave you the ability to do this and and this was what was important about that and you got that and. Then what was important about that was you got this after wards. David said you had it perfectly.

Then we need readers all right. Uh do you need me to go back to the the split screen okay. So when you've got all when you've got a through. D answer just type done in the chat for me okay.

Sandeep's done done. Mark good. Timmy's done no. Looking good here impossible.

Dreams okay. Paul done our read is done excellent okay. Good you guys are starting to come in there's about 106 of us in the chat. So um.

I'll give it a couple more and. Then. I want to go to the. Next piece now here's where it gets interesting.

I'm going to jump out of my screen now and here's what. I want us to do oops okay. Here's what. I want us to do.

I want you to take your piece of paper and. I want you to hold it up at about maybe a you know the camera kind of messes with my background a little bit. But hold it up at about a 45 degree angle and all. I want you to do now is.

I want you to read out loud your answers to a b c and d read them out loud five times. First before you do that stop before you do that scan your body notice how you feel right. Now mentally physically emotionally okay. Take a snapshot of it now hold this up at about a 45 degree angle and read a b c d out loud five times five times nice and loud and when you're done type in the chat how you feel.

Jeff says awesome. Paul says lost impossible now all right. Paul what did. I again.

I don't know what that means you have to elaborate for me. Paul do you need me to put the the checklist back up full reduces photograph it'll feel challenged excellent don't mind the car alarms out in the parking lot my. I have a very sensitive microphone okay. Uh hold on a.

Second. I saw. I saw something. Flash and.

Then it was gone all right. Wait. I need my readers uh let me see here ah all right. Is everybody else with me okay.

Very good. Paul. I can um when. I see you.

I can. I can help you with some of that stuff with your leg exact words are important here yes. Okay. So how do you feel how did you feel at the beginning of the exercise done.

But do you read the you don't need to read the question. But you can if you want to. Kareem how do you feel now how what's the energy level in your body like what's the the the the emotion that you're you're feeling compared to where you started. Mark says done feel more excited and.

Alive feel like it's achievable feels amazing what would you think would happen if you started doing your manifestation work now you think you might have a better shot it will manifest what do you think would happen now notice how you feel now what if you could make this is important what if you could make every single person that you ever meet feel like this or even better about you and what you want them to do would that be powerful would that be useful you just learned how to do it now when we teach this in law of attraction and in reprogramming subconscious mind this process is called the emotional motivation checklist this is. I want you to write this down this is really really important we all know if. I were to ask somebody what what thoughts are made of. I would get all kinds of answers.

But here's something that we need to understand on a more fundamental level emotions or energy that energy has a frequency and a vibration the way we change frequency is by changing body feelings okay. When you understand that you have an emotional motivation checklist a set of emotional desires and needs for every single thing that you can conceive of you can utilize this combined with your your physical state control to create a super powered energized state with an extra charge of energy that now you you can now channel and use for manifestation that's how this works you guys you guys following me. So far you understand how it stacks. Peter says it works for me every time yeah right.

Well or get the replay right. Sorry about that. I tend. I get excited about this stuff especially when.

I see a lot of people up there doing the drills and actually having the experience right. So how many of you would like to take this further how many of you would like to to build that take this this energy source that we've created and learn how to channel it and and do it use it for all kinds of different stuff would that would that be okay. All right. So.

I promised you. I would teach you the fundamentals. I would give you the basics. I would show you how to take it to the.

Next level and. Then in part three we'd. Circle back we'd build on these foundations and show you how to do more cool stuff would that sound like a plan all right. So um.

I gotta close the chat for this. So without further ado. I'd like to introduce you to how to take things to the. Next level with your permission.

I'd like to talk to you about the hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation home study program okay. This is a course that.

I developed specifically for people to learn how to manifest and clear their own blocks to success from the comfort of their own home and those of you who know me know that. I'm a big believer in in live learning. But every now and. Then you meet people who for whatever reason they can't get to a live event.

But they they need the tactics and the tools to to get the help that they need to change their lives and. So. I sat down one day and. I said okay.

If. I were going to design a program that people could could use from their home to create the life they wanted to manifest. Better. Health be free of pain be more mobile to manifest money or love or success in by whatever standards that they set what would.

I teach them and what order would. I teach them that they could do this easily naturally and automatically and this is what we came up with. So with your permission. I'm going to go through this with you as quickly.

But thoroughly as we can. Then we're going to circle back we're going to pick up on our state control work and. I'm going to show you some of the most powerful think of what you just learned as the bullet for the gun we're going to show you how to build the gun okay. So the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation program is about manifesting the life you want the way you want it it's all about taking your life to the. Next level it's about making more money and closing more deals getting more dates helping more people being more confident being more powerful moving through the world being charming and charismatic and irresistible now as. I recall that's what a lot of you folks were asking about at the beginning of tonight's webinar.

I'm going to show you how to begin to tap into the power of your own holonomic nervous system to manifest things those things for yourself. So here's what. I put together and this offer is good until tonight. July 6 20 23 at 11 59 pm and it's what this is going to do for you it's going to help you in all the ways.

I mentioned and a whole lot more how's it going to do that it's going to teach you how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind. But not just the subconscious mind that most of us think about because you have three layers to your subconscious or other than conscious mind you have your physical body which is controlled by your autonomic nervous system you have your energy nervous system and. Then you have your spiritual or. Quantum nervous system as.

I like to call it we're going to teach you how to tap into all three of those levels. So that you can begin to manifest by orders of magnitude how to find and remove blocks to your health wealth and happiness that you didn't know you had how to become a money magnet where you literally can just magnetize people and opportunities into your life that lead you to become more financially prosperous how to influence people remotely how to influence events remotely right. How to find and remove the hidden negativity in your life that you didn't even know you had right. How to find the beliefs you didn't know you had that are holding you back we're going to revisit the exercise we did earlier.

I'm going to ask you some questions about it in part three of this webinar that are going to help you zero in on exactly how to find those limiting beliefs and how to begin to remove them we're going to touch we're going to teach you how to clear up stuff that just doesn't seem to go away the way. I like to make the way. I like to talk about this if you've ever found yourself hiring the same employee with a different face or dating the same person with a different face this is exactly what you need to fix that problem once and for all. I'm going to share with you a powerful new information method for programming your mind to attract the things you want and change what you do and change and change what you deserve there was a question asked earlier is what if there's a conflict with your subconscious mind and the.

Mana for the affirmation this information process actually bypasses that resistance most of the time and. I'll explain why that is in part three and you learn it even deeper when you come to like a live training or or what have you we're going to sheet we're going to teach you how to systematically delete the negativity and vibrational imprints from your past remember we talked about going through that intersection and all those little little tapes that would start to play we're going to show you how to find them and remove them from your system once and for all. So that when you move through the world you send out a clean powerful vibrational signature that pulls into your life exactly what you want without being tainted by negative or limiting beliefs thoughts or manifestations that are embedded in your signal right. I know it sounds a little technical.

But basically what happens is anytime you try to manifest something and you have a trauma or a limiting belief that's running on autopilot below the threshold that actually taints or poisons the manifestation that's why you don't always get kind of exactly what you want or you know there's it's mostly right. But there's a few things that are off right. A lot of times it's because of these other vibrational anomalies that haven't been cleared and we'll show you how to find and delete those how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people this is one of the most the biggest game changers that. I ever came across with it turns out that there are at least five psychological characteristics that all naturally lucky people share and once you know what they are and you have like the identity by design technology which is where this material is drawn from you can actually install and amplify those traits in your life and in your mind and body.

So that you move through the world like a naturally lucky person it's really powerful and again if we've all met people that if uh. I used to. I used to make a joke um you know. I had this buddy.

Scott salmon and. Scott is easily one of the luckiest mofos. I have ever met if a plane traveling at twenty thousand feet carrying a safe full of money accidentally dropped its cargo hash and the safe fell out and opened on the way down the money would fall in. Scott.

Salin sunroof and he he's my good friend. But you've all met these people right. Turns out there's five psychological characteristics that flip switches in your neurology that cause you to become more lucky uh it was discovered by the uh. I think.

I read the. First article in. Psychology today and uh. I learned how to adapt and install these principles in myself and.

Then into my students and they started having more and more lucky events happen and it's been it's been a really powerful um process for them. So it takes everything you know how to do and it doesn't negate the ability to work hard. But it makes you have to work less hard and that's kind of one of the things that that we have to look. At when we are tapping into law of attraction is all right.

I can. I can manifest these things. But how hard do. I have to work to do it.

So and is there a way to manifest more stuff without adding more workload this is one of the ways that you can leverage that where you can manifest things into your life without having to do the make these. Herculean changes sometimes you have to make them. But lucky people tend to find ways automatically around the tough stuff or the tough stuff that happens becomes uh a building block or a blessing in disguise we're going to show you how to put these characteristics to work for you. So that you can begin to have that kind of life okay.

We're going to teach you one of the most powerful manifestation engines. I've ever discovered it's called image cycling image cycling is what. I have used to manifest patently impossible stuff it's based on a technology that has um an extraordinary cure rate in curing rats bred to die of cancer when they are injected with a cancer that's always fatal it's based on the work of a gentleman by the name of. Dr.

Bill. Bengston it is not his healing system. But my image cycling manifestation technology is based on what. I've learned from.

Dr. Bankston um you can read his book. The energy cure and you can read about um his book. Energy healing and read about this image cycling process.

Dr bill has more documented cases of curing. Rats of cancer in double-blind laboratory controlled trials than any other energy healing system on the planet. So this particular technique that. I have found is one of those situations where a person was looking for gold and they found oil.

But they were. So focused on the goal they disregarded the oil. I saw the oil and said okay. If this is one of the most powerful manifestations tools that exists why not teach it for that with healing being the side benefit you can use it for healing as well.

I have one of my students uh his name is. Bernie we call him the cotton. King because he's mastered this technology. So powerfully that he can charge cotton and put it on people and all their bleeding stops and all their uh all their swelling and pain go away in days it's it's insane what over learning and mastering this technique can do okay.

And that's just a piece of what you're going to be learning okay. In fact one of the things you'll be doing uh in the image cycling sections you'll be learning how to change water you'll actually be able to uh to transform. The. Taste and texture of water after five or six minutes of the image cycling process as a way for you to prove to yourself that this is a real thing okay.

So that's a total value of 1997. But because. I wanted to put a package together for you because. I wanted to give you the most.

I could. So you get the furthest you could the fastest uh here's what else. I got for you if you if you grab your course today before the deadline 11 59 pm tonight you're going to get these special exclusive bonuses you're going to get the vibrational influence. UK specialization this is a full five-day vibrational influence training that.

I did where. I taught two extra days my normal vibrational influence training is three days where we have we taught two full days of extra material we taught people how to unlock the secret powers of their subconscious mind to gain control of their mind and body to unlock the unlimited potential inherent in them we taught people a certain hand positions and meditations that are designed to amplify their physical mental and psychic strength how to connect and harmonize energies in a room or in their within their body we taught people how to control energies there are certain hand positions and mudra systems that we taught them for controlling and manipulating energy we've taught them how to uh begin to develop precognition and telepathic abilities we have hand signs and mooses for that that we taught we combine that with the image cycling process to speed up and. Hyper cycle the energetics. So they were developing in in.

Chinese pastry and you have this substance known as. Jing which is is derived from energies we teach you how to build the. Jing in your body and cycle it through these hand positions to create very powerful effects we have hand move just for manifestation practices as well as things that will teach you to become unnoticeable to people who aren't in your same vibrational field it's kind of a vibrational form of invisibility you have to work up to that. But it's these were part of this these extra bonus trainings that we did we gave people their.

First reikia tumors we taught them how to do remote uh healing um we taught people how to harness the forces of the universe to basically do whatever you want how to cyclic and psychically and energetically protect yourself how to heal yourself and others using various forms of energy healing we taught. The. Chronic system versus the. DNA.

Theta system we taught the. Reiki system we taught how that all falls into the aspects of hermetics training okay. Uh how to clear your chakras and master your own energy field literally to manifest pretty much anything you want how to improve and increase your psychic skills and a whole lot more. I really really love this program.

I'm very proud of it um and it has just blown people away with what they're able to do with it if you if you're one of the people who uh has used this the techniques or was at this training type in the chat which you experienced at the training this is a 2497 value. But we're going to give it to you 100 free because. I want you to have everything you need to manifest the life you want the way that you want it total combined value if you took. The hidden.

Laws of. Attraction basic course that. I was just talking about you combine it with this you're looking at four thousand four hundred and ninety four dollars in total value. But we're not done yet because again.

I want you to have everything. I can to help you learn this from home if necessary. So. I'm going to teach you also.

I'm going to give you a course to specifically design. I know some of you have some pain issues and some body issues going on this is our course this is another one of my favorite courses this is a derivative of our vibrational influence course it's called vibrational healing energy healing and. Mastery. Secrets.

Made. Easy this isn't this is a course that will truly give you the ability to unlock your true healing potentials and abilities in the shortest amount of time possible it'll teach you how to once again unlock the healing powers of your subconscious mind find and remove energetic blocks to health wealth and happiness that you didn't even know that you had how to become a master energy healer how to find and remove the hidden blocks or manifestation triggers to the illnesses that you're suffering from or your clients are suffering from how to um a powerful new energy control methods for programming your mind and energy bodies and. Empower your healing and manifestation skills for maximum results in minimum time. I don't know if you can read.

I'm going to see if. I can make this a little bit bigger. I don't know if that's going to work or not um yeah it's not going to work. So hold on a.

Second. I'm gonna make this a little bigger. So it's easier to see oops okay. All right.

We're going to teach you how to remove negative negativity from your past the stuff you didn't even know you had. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better. I want to teach you how to discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation technique ever this again is a variation of the image cycling technology and the spinning and.

Magic framing techniques that you've seen us use on. YouTube in combination together. So this is a 2497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free uh total combined value is 6991. But we're not done yet you heard me mention um as.

I was talking about hidden. Laws of. Attraction um and the uh the five characteristics of lucky people uh and how to indoctrinate or embed those in your personality how to find and remove blocks to your success you heard me mention something called the identity by. Design protocol this course secrets of.

Personality transformation is the complete identity by. Design protocol the seven stages of identity transformation that allow you to remove blocks to your success and remove stuff you didn't even know was there dissolve things that go away and just keep coming back um how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's screwing up your life how to clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away change the crappy voice in your head to a voice that builds you up inspires and motivates you rather than tears you apart if you guys are wondering what. I'm talking about it's the voice in your head that just said what voice right. We'll show you how to change that.

So you have a voice that's constantly feeding you a steady stream of deservingness forgiveness motivation and tells you all the reasons about how and why you can do things okay. We'll teach you how to resolve the negativity from your past like. I said how to install the traits quality characteristics that you want. So once again if you take part a hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and the five characteristics of lucky people you combine it with this specific technique for installing those traits and now you can become one of the luckiest people you know and you can do it in in in less than a day right. That's how powerful this technique is. But you have to go through all seven stages okay.

Otherwise it's like putting uh clean coffee in a dirty. Cup right. You want to clean all the crap out remove the anchors and amplify the jet engine that's what this particular program this identity by. Design protocol will do for you it's a 2497 value it's designed.

So that you can do it all by yourself on yourself. So if you just follow the training process and just stay with the demos and. Then find a buddy that you can practice on and with you'll have a really powerful handle on these techniques and you'll be able to use them for whatever you want low combined value is nine thousand four hundred and eighty eight dollars this is the 24 2 497 value we're going to give it to you free why because. I want you to have everything you need in this package okay.

So a byproduct from this training is that you're going to have the keys to get everything you want and become the person that you truly want to be total value on this is nine thousand four hundred eighty eight dollars monetarily. But if you stop for a moment and think about the kind of person you will be after you've done this training how much what's the price tag on that right. You know one of my mentors used to say if. I was giving you quarters for nickels how many would you buy right.

And it wasn't wrong these these techniques are life-changing and they will absolutely transform every aspect of your life. But. I don't want you to believe me believe the people from planet. David in the chat right.

Next to you who have used this who are products of this training and who are using it every single day to not only make their lives better. But the lives of the people that come to them for help if you truly want to make a difference in the world this is your shot okay. Scissor shot our final bonus for those of you because. I know a lot of you have this desire you have this need for a partner right.

So as a special extra bonus in 2021 and 2022. I taught two online classes called. The. Hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soul mate. Secrets. Master.

Class as a byproduct of this training and as uh. I've asked you you uh register for your packages. I am going to give you special access to these members only trainings where we will teach you systematically how to find and attract your soulmate we'll talk to you about what a soul mate is what a soul mate is not we'll talk to you about some of the most important things that most people don't even think about when it comes to soul mates for example we'll talk about the surprising ways that the chemistry of your body can really contribute to your infatuation and feelings of love towards another human being that may not be a good fit for you we'll teach you how to overcome the myth of soul mates you know how many people how many times have you met somebody or you moved through. Wilson's oh they complete me that's really not what a soul mate's supposed to do.

So if you're if you're suffering from that illusion um you need to understand what soul mates really are what they're supposed to be doing and how to know when you've got one right. If or if you really want one we're going to teach you how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood this is a big one we bring. So much baggage into our relationships that wasn't even our stuff it was stuff we learned from our parents or our grandparents or our primary caregivers. I've had.

I've looked you know in the 15 plus years actually closer to 20 years now that. I've been in private practice and. I've looked into the hearts and minds of literally thousands of people and you know what you see when you look. Inside that many many hearts you see a scared little child desperate to be loved and terrified of being alone and.

Then he discovered that. So much of that. Terror and that need for love happened between the ages of zero and five and if you can just tap into that and change things there all their stuff goes away and they become open to a better class and type of partner okay. We're going to teach you how to prepare yourself for the grown-up.

Communications in a relationship techniques to move from infatuation to true love and understanding the stages of it. So you know where you fall in that. Continuum. So you don't throw the baby out with the bath water because the constant.

Rush of chemicals that you get at the beginning of a relationship doesn't feel quite the same it doesn't mean you're not in love it means the chemicals are changing and you need to know what that means. So you can decide what to do many people don't understand this and. So they become love junkies they move from relationship from the relationship to relationship and what they're actually doing is chasing that hormone. High rather than understanding it's a natural.

First stage. But it leads to other stages and if you don't know what those are you'll never stick around long enough uh to find that true that one that matters. So. I hope that makes sense we're going to teach you how to determine what you need in a relationship in order to do that you actually have to know what you need in your life we have certain drills and certain questions that we're going to you guys remember the uh the emotional motivation checklist that we started this training off with we actually do that we do one of those for your entire life we call it the life values uh inventory and once you understand how that works you can go about creating a life that attracts the ideal partner who is going to be a value add to your life rather than something that takes away from it okay.

There are strategies that are involved that are kind of counterintuitive in finding and attracting your soulmate and we cover those in this training we're going to teach you strategies for keeping that spark how do we get that oxytocin rush back how do we get the newness back in our relationship if. I've been with somebody for 25 years how do. I get them feeling like newlyweds again we're going to teach you some of the ways that you can do that and. So much more you'll discover over why you're attracted to certain people and not others you'll identify family patterns which contribute to your relationships you'll discover the qualities you most want in a life partner learn basic and advanced communication skills that allow you to demonstrate your love to your partner in a way that they can receive it and receive it and reciprocate you'll discover the difference between sex sexuality and sensuality and the role each one plays in your perfect relationship you learn how to identify potential relationship challenges and how to handle them and that's just a small segment of what we'll actually be covering in the whole in the soulmate.

Secrets. Members. Only video and. Master.

Class okay. This is a perfect add-on it's kind of the cherry on the. Sunday for the get everything you want in life hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation package total value is total value on this particular course alone is 1997. But we're going to give it to you absolutely free 100 free if you grab your package before the end of tonight's webinar total value is 11 485 dollars okay. So let's just review everything you're gonna get the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course it's a 1997 value you're going to get the vibrational influence. UK special edition five-day training with absolutely massive amounts of energetic and manifestation teachings and trainings in there it's a 2497 value we're going to give you vibrational healing 2021 it's a 2497 value and it's still brand new because we haven't released a new vibrational healing course uh since 2021. uh we'll be available we'll actually be videotaping a brand new version um probably. Next month 2 497 value we're going to give you secrets of.

Personality transformation uh home study course it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value and of course you're going to get our super bonus the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets members only masterclass it's a 1997 value total total value today is eleven thousand four hundred and eighty five dollars if you were to go to the website and purchase these things individually which by the way you can't some of these aren't available on our website they're only available in this special webinar course.

So if you if any of these things appeal to you now is the time to grab yours when we uh allow you to you can't get it just yet we're not done. So today. I want to give you the best deal only possible like. I said.

I love you all and. I want you to thrive. I want you to turn lemons into lemonade. I want you to get everything you want in life.

So today to help you guys move forward. I'm going to give you the best deal. I can the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay 11 485 heck you're not even going to pay nine thousand dollars you're not going to pay six thousand dollars we're not even going to make you pay 4 497 right.

Believe it or not you're not even gonna have to pay two thousand four hundred ninety seven. I'm not even going to charge you 1 497 that. I normally charge for this course if you go to our. Last hidden.

Laws of. Attraction webinar you'll see that our our basic bonus price was 1497. we're not even going to do that for those of you who know you want this for those of you who know it will change your life if you answered yes. To any of the questions that. I've asked you today you can get everything.

I've just talked about the master keys to changing your life by your standard and your definitions become a master of your mind your body your soul to chart your course in life you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little help we can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. all you need to do to get yours is go to this link right. Here go to www.nlppower.com forward slash hloa www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a one more time with feeling www.nlppower.com forward slash hloa hidden. Laws of. Attraction okay.

This is again your shot uh. I think the. I think. I.

I haven't run this webinar or made an offer like this or even close to this in almost a year right. So if this is something that resonates with you if you want to if you're sitting it's never going to get any cheaper than this it's never going to get any easier right. Now than this right. Here okay.

Just go right. Now www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a do it now now for those of you who are a little on the fence maybe you're worried maybe it's like 9.97. I don't know is it the sounds of this might be risky no. It isn't there's absolutely no.

Risk here after you've gotten this course and you've put these things into operation you have 60 days to play if after 60 days you are on the fast track to making more money finding the love of your life attracting more success in the in the areas of your life that it's important to you okay. If you're not manifesting or on a fast track to manifest in your dreams feeling more secure more confident if you're not winning more and more socially professionally financially pick up the phone give us a call send us an email and if you're not getting the results and we can't help you fix it we'll refund every dime that you invested you have absolutely nothing to risk here the risk is on us if this thing doesn't do more than. I said it does. I'll be shocked and you'll get a refund all right.

All you got to do is click the link get your course watch the. First set of videos start doing the drills and getting the skills okay. It doesn't get any simpler right. It doesn't get any simpler full 100 satisfaction guaranteed or.

I'll refund your money and if you've downloaded the courses. I'll even let you keep the courses okay. Now please don't screw me you know what. I'm saying right.

Am. I gonna do to get yours now is go to um actually change that www backslash www.nlp power .com forward slash hloa. I think that's right. Uh let me back this up here www.nlppower.com hloa apparently.

I missed uh. I missed a link when. I was updating the. PowerPoint again now for those of you who are truly motivated for those of you who absolutely like free stuff stay tuned because.

I like to you know. I have a saying in my world let me uh let me flip the switch here. I have a saying in my world that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated. Behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced one of the things that.

I need you to be to get the life you want there's two things that you need one is you need an identity and a belief system that supports the life you want to have the identity you want to either the the life you want to lead what you want to represent the. First few courses that. I share with you give you all of that the one thing that. I can't provide initially is the.

Second one and that is action you need an identity that supports what you want to create and you need to take the actions necessary to move that forward. So. I can't make you take action. But what.

I can do is. I can reward the actions you take and this is what. I mean for the. Next 15 to 20 people who grabbed this package right.

Now. I am going to include free of charge these special fast action bonuses these are things that will completely take what you've got in the previous package to a whole new level let's go let's take a look. At what we got. First and foremost we're going to give you three month trial membership to one of the most powerful life transforming programs.

I ever created this is the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program and what it is it's a. Hands-On training on the.

Third. Saturday of every month we all get together either in person or online and what. I do is. I say hey.

Seth what do you want to learn. Peter what do you want to learn uh. Corrine what do you want to learn. Brandon what do you want to learn and.

I write everything up on the board and. I look. At where they all connect. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the.

Next four and a half to six hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you don't get a certificate from the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program what you do get is.

Hands-On training skill sets and feedback and the opportunity to network and connect with people just like you who want to learn the same things you want to learn we've been running this program since. October of 2010. meeting on the. Third. Saturday of every month from 11 to 6 11 to 4 pm double that when we have to skip it a month because of my training schedule we've videotaped every single course every single session and we give you a full access to the 11-year archive actually it's more than 11 years now it's going on 12 years you can bit stuff that's never been seen on.

YouTube stuff that on on everything from attraction and manifestation to regression to psychic skills to accelerated learning to marketing seduction you name it if it's something my people want to know about body language behavioral modification um regression and. Trauma. NLP language patterns we cover it. Advanced energetic and spiritual practices we teach it okay.

I did a whole training. Last. Saturday on uh what. I call filling the vessel which is a nine stage process for connecting with the.

Divine the. Earth. Energy and manifesting pretty much anything you want and. Then creating psychic.

Shields around you right. I just spent the whole day teaching the group how to do that. So they could move through the world feeling more protected right. When you join.

The. Mastermind we focus that day only on the things that you truly want to learn and we make sure that you can actually leave that training with the ability to do them okay. Yeah you get access to 10 years 11 12 years of that video archive stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube it's a 1597 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free 100 free.

So if you add that the. The. Mastermind mentoring program and the archive it's a total value of. Thirteen thousand eighty two dollars one of the biggest game changers for you is going to be the ability to practice these skills with people just like you who want the same things you want this is one of the greatest opportunities you're ever going to have to do that from the comfort of your own home if you're local to the.

San. Diego or. Southern. California area and you want to come do this live and in person when we resume live person masterminds you'll be able to come and do it in the room with me for the full four to six hours right.

It's open okay. We're also going to include attraction. Mastery dating mating and relating skills for men and women this think of this like the yin to the. Yong of the soulmate.

Secrets class we're looking at soulmate. Secrets what we're looking at is we're looking for the at the qualities characteristics and attributes of our spiritual other half the person who's going to make has the potential for making us the happiest it's also about understanding who who do. I need to be to have the kind of partner. I want to have right.

So there's a lot of inner game spiritual and vibrational heart-centered stuff going on there. But what happens a lot of times is people do um all of these you know finding my soulmate classes. But what's lacking are the actual. Advanced social skills and understanding of social dynamics to actually.

Approach meat and attract the kinds of people that you want to meet and. So we've added this course attraction. Mastery as a way to round out the soulmate. Secrets training you don't need to use every single thing in the course although you certainly could.

But what this will do is it will give you the ability to actually go out into the world and instead of just waiting for something to happen you can actually go out and make something happen. But because you've done the soulmate secret training you understand where to look. And what to look. For.

So that when you go out into the world you can either wait for yourself to be approached or you can go and make approaches or set up approaches and create conversations that allow you to really get to know and understand who a person really really is while at the same time generating attraction connection trust and commitment right. Very very powerful. I don't teach this that often. But for this particular course because it is really about finding and bringing into your life the things that you truly want.

I felt that this particular course was the perfect complement to the soulmate. Secrets. Mastery training there they were originally taught as. Standalone classes.

But when you integrate them you get us a powerful attraction magnet that's greater than the sum of the parts and you'll avoid horrible. First. Dates you'll avoid relationships that never seem to go anywhere you'll be able to carry on conversations and even if you're not a great conversationalist the person that you're talking to will think you're the most fascinating amazing person they've ever met and that's just a tiny bit of of what this is about you learn how to read body language in ways most people never do you'll know who wants you to approach versus who doesn't you'll understand this subtle subliminal dynamics that women use to to get men to approach them and why and how to interpret the subtle signals that they're sending. So that you know when it's time to move to the.

Next level or go the away right. Without losing your self-esteem or or getting kicked in the nards or whatever this is a class for both genders it doesn't matter what your gender orientation is if you're a man who wants to date other men that's fine if you're one many wants to date other women these. PR these skills still work if you're non-binary doesn't matter okay. These are.

Universal attraction skills and once you can recognize and calibrate who the person is in front of you and what makes them tick you can decide if that what they who they are and what they are matches what you're looking for and. Then you'll have this the complete set of tools to take that relationship to the. Next level if that's one something that you want to do okay. It's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value and it's yours absolutely free because we want you to have everything you need to be successful total combined value on this package is fifteen thousand five hundred and seventy nine dollars all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a that's www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a and lest you think.

I'm done for those of you who sign up for the webinar before. I log off today remember the fast action bonuses they go away when. I do the rest of that package is available until 11 59 tonight. But if you try to get this.

VIP or these fast action bonuses after. I log off the webinar you won't qualify. So if you want what happened to my line. Anyway that's weird um.

So if you want to take advantage of of this package now is the time this is probably the coup de gras this is our. VIP super ticket this is going to give you free admission to our. Next hidden. Laws of.

Attraction live certification boot camp scheduled for. San. Diego. California.

August 22nd to the 24th here in sunny. California it's limited to the. First 17 people not 21. I'm not sure why that happened there we go okay.

Um it's limited to the. First 17 people to register for the full. Mondo package today okay. It's a two thousand seven hundred and fifty dollar value and we will take you deep dive into every single thing.

I've teased you with in the home study course and a whole lot more we'll give you the secrets behind the secrets behind the secrets um in my. YouTube channel that. I got cut off from uh people ask me about how to cultivate and use. Sexual.

Energy for manifestation we'll show you how to do that stuff too okay. It's it's a full immersion hidden. Laws of. Attraction training where you'll learn every law of mental dynamics that we have every law of hermetic influence that works how they work together you'll understand the holographic nervous system and how to use it for manifestation how to remove blocks to your success how to remotely influence situations circumstances and events how to create thought forms to influence people and events we'll show you how that's actually done safely um we'll teach you about how to unpack um certain things you've brought with you from other lifetimes or other genetic memories laws of vows of.

Chastity or poverty things that you may not realize keep you stuck okay. This is a deep dive into how to make the. Law of. Attraction actually work for you and it's my job once you come in to make sure you don't leave until you can do it all you'll learn the image cycling you'll learn the informations levels one two and three you'll learn how to change your belief systems you'll learn how to reframe beliefs instantaneously how to install the five characteristics of lucky people and move through the world with more energy and more ability to command and influence than you ever thought possible and that's just getting started you learned how to control your psychomotional.

States. So nobody can push your buttons ever again and. Then use it to get everything you want in life it's a two thousand seven hundred fifty dollar value we're gonna give this to you free okay. Now this.

VIP super ticket is good for hidden. Laws of. Attraction or if you choose we have a special four-day identity by. Design live training that we are actually you can swap this out for and you can actually attend the hidden the identity by.

Design training uh virtually we have uh our amazing. Holly our online. Mentor is actually going to be uh agreed to be our mentor and our prompter and our. Proctor for the online training.

So if you want our identity by. Design live hypnosis hypnotherapy certification which is basically the secrets of. Personality transformation course uh taught in a way that you can actually use it with clients um you can attend that absolutely free um virtually all you got to do is let. Stephanie know that it's something you want and she will add it to the list okay.

So total value is 18 329 if you add the identity by. Design training that's a three thousand one hundred fifty dollar value if you were to go to the live event. So do the math you're looking at over twenty one thousand four hundred and something dollars there um my math is not good which is why. I have guys like.

Seth and. Brandon. But if you want the. VIP to if you want to if you want the.

VIP ticket and the live the virtual event training if you're one of the. Next. I mean. I mean for one of the.

Next eight people to register right. Now. I'll throw in both events. I'll give you the.

VIP super ticket for the live training in. San. Diego and. I'll also give you a fast pass to our identity by.

Design uh virtual event in. Las. Vegas okay. Thank you.

Seth 21 479 my people did not know. I was going to offer the identity by. Design event. So that maybe if you hear a little smoke and cursing in the background it's because they didn't have a chance to.

I didn't have a chance to change the offer page. So once again for the. Next eight people that click that link right. Now.

I will give you both events. I will give you the. VIP super ticket for hidden. Laws of.

Attraction live here in. San. Diego. August 22nd through the 24th.

But. I will also give you a fast pass to our. Next identity by. Design training virtual event.

August. I'm sorry uh. July 2017 through the 20th or 20th what are the dates for identity by. Design.

Seth can you put them in the chat. August 17th through the 21st. I think and that's a virtual ticket. So you can't show up in.

Las. Vegas you can show up in. Las. Vegas and expect to get in 17-20 thank you.

Stephanie. So once again it's a twofer right. If you're one of the. Next eight people to grab your package now.

I will not only give you the. VIP super ticket. I will also give you a fast pass to the identity by. Design four-day hypnotherapy intensive uh.

July 17th through the 20th okay. All you got to do is click that link go to www.nlppower.com. Second. NLP power on forward slash.

HOA and the folks out there will tell you. I've never given a deal like this why because. I want to. I want.

I don't. I don't want you to have a single excuse for not getting everything you want. I can't make it any easier. I can't make this package any better well.

I could. But. I won't because if you're not if you're not ready to take an action on this you're not ready. So that's okay.

Right. There will be other opportunities at regular price total total value in this package right. Now if you're one of the. Next eight people to click that link total value is twenty one thousand four hundred and seventy nine dollars you're gonna get two events.

Plus all this the hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course fight at 1997 vibrational influence special edition 2497 value we're going to give it to you free vibrational healing home study course 2497 value free secrets of. Personality transformation 2497 value free we're going to give you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets masterclass 1997 value free we're going to give you the attraction. Mastery four day intensive two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free we're going to give you three month trial membership plus the archive to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program 1597 value free and you're going to get a twofer you're going to get the. VIP super ticket to a hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and a virtual fast pass to the identity by. Design uh virtual event live in. Las. Vegas it's a 2750.

Value. Plus a three thousand one hundred fifty dollar value total value if you do the math. I'll assess 21 479 bucks. But if you're not one of the.

First eight you're still getting the eighteen thousand three hundred twenty nine dollars worth of stuff that you can start training right. Away in the comfort of your own home now let me explain something extra about this. VIP super ticket once again it's only 9.97 or if you need to it's three it's not four installments it's three three easy installments of just 397. this. VIP super ticket for hidden.

Laws of. Attraction has a few benefits to it a if the event sells out and you have one of these tickets we'll make a seat for you if if the if you can't come at the. Last minute all you got to do is pick up the phone let. Stephanie know and we will move you to the.

Next. Law of. Attraction training you won't lose that ticket until you actually use it if you want to gift that ticket to somebody who you think needs it more you can do that as well if the price goes up on the. Next.

Law of. Attraction training that we do your stays the same you have a price guarantee. So you can use it cancel it at any time you have it until you use it price guarantee you can give it away if you want to this is one of the most powerful items that we have and it's the fastest way to take your skills to the. Next level right.

So once again one one installment of 997 or three three not four three three easy installments of just 397 each all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlppower.com [Music] forward slash hloa that's www.nlppower.com forward slash hidden. Laws of. Attraction www.nlppower.com forward slash hloa okay. So listen.

I am we're going to take a seven minute break. So you guys can finalize whatever it is you're going to do make arrangements reach out to. Stephanie um and get your questions answered when we come back we're going to go back to what we started in level one we're going to look. At uh the information system we're going to look.

At finding the uh the blocks to your success you didn't know the limiting beliefs or dominant thoughts you didn't know that you had and we're just going to keep training and cycling through things until you guys are ready to log off okay. So you've got uh seven minutes it's 5 51 now. I'll see you at 5 57. we got about two minutes left on our break um. But.

I'm back from the potty. So if you guys have a question go ahead and uh type that in the chat. I'm happy to answer it. I really hope you guys will join me um in this package and um join us for the actual live trading hidden laws of traction.

August 20th through the 24th here in. San. Diego it's one of the most fun classes and it's a great introduction to our secret inner door trainings that we do it's one of the few energy trainings that we give to just anybody who comes in off the street you don't need any training whatsoever to do hidden laws thank you. Holly is saying for what it's worth is as long as as a long-time member of.

David's. Community. I can't believe he is offering such an amazing deal he gives good packages. But this is definitely the best package.

I've ever seen him it's true um and again one of the reasons that. I'm doing it is because. I see a lot of suffering out there could welcome. Kavita thank you for joining us.

I can't wait to meet you and have you in. Planet. David um you know. I.

I see you know there's a lot of going on you know we're you know recession this you know. Pro post covered that you know stock market's going boobs up or whatever you know what we need to rise above it we need skills and technologies that allow us to chart our course and create our reality and every now and. Then we don't need a handout we need a hand up these classes and these trainings have truly truly changed my life and. I have been both blessed and tasked with the with the mission to spread the teachings um and.

So that's what. I'm doing. But there's there's there are spiritual laws in effect you can't there's certain things you can give away. But there's other things that there has to be you know my spirit one of my one of my teachers.

Dr. Johnson they'll tell you nothing's free you know and some of the most expensive stuff you'll get is free stuff um and. So you know when you do these processes they will work. But once again they're going to cause transformations let me uh let me jump out of let me let me go they're going to cause transformations in you they're going to cause things to happen within you that have to happen for you to be the person who can have the things you want.

But if nobody. I'm not you know like. I said it's not all going to be peaches and cream this is the fast tracked is often the most aggressive. I guess is a good way to say it in a benevolent kind of way everything is going to work to your highest good um.

But that doesn't mean you won't have to face some of your inner demons and. So if you want the power it's yours by right. But you have to earn back the right. To access it.

I mean. I. I don't somebody out there needs to hear this. I don't know who.

But somebody out there needs to hear this. So. I can't make it any easier than it is right. If this is calling to you click the link and get in the program and let the universe take care of the rest right.

All you've got to do is take the actions let the universe do the heavy lifting okay. Apply these teachings let me be your guy let. Stephanie and. Holly and.

Seth and you know the amazing people in. Planet. David who've been through what you're about to do let us help that's what we're here for right. In our in our virtual communities in our.

Live. Events you're not alone for what it's worth. I don't know somebody. I don't know why.

I'm saying this. But somebody out there needed to hear that. So click the links and let's get you on the fast track to the life you want the way that you want it okay. Www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a all right.

That being said this officially officially transfers us into part three. So in part one of the webinar we taught you about the importance of knowing your outcome knowing what you want which means you have to know what you want and you have to have a way of measuring how you're getting it right. And again we will go much more in depth on the nuances of that and hidden. Laws of.

Attraction live training in. August. But for right. Now to get started the only thing you need to know is what you want stated in positive terms how you know that you're getting it how you're going to measure if you're moving towards it or away from it okay.

The. Next piece is control your state this is probably in my opinion one of the single biggest places that people get screwed up trying to use the. Law of. Attraction for a lot of the reasons.

I talked about at the beginning of the webinar. First and foremost they believe that if they just repeat words over and over and over again in their head that it'll cause something to happen it's true enough to be true. But not true enough to be reliable okay. Now here's what.

I mean by that if if your emotional state is not conducive or in resonance with the affirmations or the suggestions or directions you're trying to give your nervous system or contact through your higher mind nothing's going to happen um if the words that you're using are structurally incorrect if you don't know the laws of mental. Dynamics about how certain words are processed by your other than conscious mind you're going to get the opposite of what you want if you don't have enough energy in the system you are not going to get what you want in fact you'll probably wind up getting the opposite of what you want because when you start interacting with the non-local universe nature abhors a vacuum and if there's if the energy if the universe senses an energy deficit it's like a suction cup. But because your vibration isn't high you'll tend to attract more of that crap which fills your. Reservoir with crap right.

So um yeah. So how do we do how do we how do we how do we start changing this this this spiral effect. First and foremost understand that higher vibrations supersede or control or dominate lower vibrations now we have to delineate what's a higher vibration what's a lower vibration the way that we do that the way the easiest most functional way to begin to work with vibration in the body is through the use of kinesthetics or body feelings if. I have a happy joyful uh spot uh playful loving gratitude-based body state.

I have a higher vibrational frequency if. I have a state that makes me angry sad depressed lonely envious or any of those emotions anything that leads me towards moving more serious. I'm moving towards a negative vibrational state if you want to attract things faster you must operate from the highest state possible because if you try to do these things in a lower vibrational. State you're going to taint your manifestation does that make sense does everyone kind of following you with this.

I want to say let me get the chat back. Okay. Cool. So we gave you the understanding of high vibration versus low vibration we gave you body body posture and breathing.

First. Then what. Then what we did was we took. That body feeling right.

And we had you turn it into a color right. This is something you won't find in any manifestation class in fact this is the. First time. I've ever taught this uh in a law of attraction.

Workshop human cells are made of heat light. Sound electricity and magnetism those are the five those are the five building blocks of every human cell. Heat light. Sound electricity and magnetism if you go to a doctor's office and they treat you you know drugs aside what are they going to use they're going to use.

Heat they're going to use light they're going to use sound they're going to use electricity and they're going to use magnetism if you go to a. Qigong doctor one who's well trained you know what they're going to use or a. Chinese medical practitioner you know what they're going to use they're going to use heat they're going to use light they're going to use electricity they're going to use magnetism and they're going to use sound this is where the energetic. Matrix of the human body meets the physical.

Matrix of the human body and it's all governed by the spiritual body which is thought and intention now when you want to clear to purge to purify your your system you use sounds okay. When you want to create transfer or transform or energize something you use color now lest you think. I'm talking out my butt or there's no. Precedent for this how many people here by a show of hands in the chat have ever read the.

Bible and. I don't care if it's the. New. Testament or the.

Old. Testament. I don't even think. I think it might even be in the.

Quran. I've never read the cabran. I don't know for sure let me ask you a question what is the very. First words after in the beginning what are the.

First words after and uh in the beginning what are the very what's the very. First paragraph in the. Bible well actually it says in the. Hebrew.

But it's in the beginning. God said what did. God say let there be type it in the chat light now for those of you with. NLP training or the eyes.

To see and and who understand how to move through the world in terms of process and structure that jumps out at you. First. God said and. Then.

God created light he created a space using vibration and sound and he filled it with light it's right. There right. In front of you it's been there for thousands of years. But only the initiates ever get shown that okay.

Now in. Planet. David we have all kinds of trainings and things like that for developing your ability to use sound and. Light uh some of the people are in the chat we've actually pulled the alcohol out of wine and beer and um which is really funny because it creates this contact high for everybody in the room um we probably won't well maybe we will we might do something we'll do something similar to that at.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction. But my point is is that when.

I had you point to a. Feeling that feeling is a vibration in your body. But it's not something you can work with directly you have to transform it. So what did we transform it into we turned it into color we turn it into light exactly.

So remember if we want to purge something we use a sound if we want to amplify something we use color and. Light. So when. I start telling you imagine a brilliant ball of energy floating above your head what happened.

Next notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of. Victory a cocoon a shield a suit of armor you guys remember when we did this if you remember type it in the chat right. What did.

I do. I had your nervous system create a state a body feeling a frequency and vibration that you wanted more of and. Then using color generated by your own neurology we. Amplified it in the room and because your nervous system created it your nervous system accepted it true not true right.

If. I gave you an arbitrary color it would work on a certain percentage of you. But on some of you it would fall completely flat because that color is not in harmony with your vibrational field and your the neural associations that you make like if. I said imagine a powerful golden color of.

Victory floating above your head well if you're if victory for you isn't isn't gold that may not work for you it's quite as powerfully does that make sense. So this is the takeaway anything the human nervous system creates it accepts and will work with and. So one of the things. I teach my students in.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction identity by. Design.

Advanced regression in real world and. Trauma resolution is that the answer is always in the question okay. We have the this this is something you learn about uh hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and an identity by design called the six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never allowed it's never linear those are the six if you understand those you can dissolve any and all resistance you get from any client in any any therapy session you can learn how to dialogue with your own autonomic nervous system and get valuable useful actionable information that you can use to make very powerful deep transformations in yourself as well as other people six simple things that we need to understand to drive our minds and bodies better at every level from the spiritual level to the energy level to the physical level to the soul level and all points in between. So this is something. I want you guys to get unconscious mind always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear wrap that all and one little bubble that says what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts okay. What the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts now the. Next thing. I had you do after we understood the difference between positive.

States and negative. States. I had you change your posture had you change your breathing what do we do. Next we breathe we've found a body feeling we turned it into a color we filled the room with it.

So now we have a reservoir of this energy to swim in okay. We. Amplified the energy okay. The.

Next drill. I had you do was tap into your emotional drivers okay. We created a default state to work from now we focus on the specific things you want and the energy connected to that we did we did that with the emotional motivation checklist of what's important about decision tree you guys remember that type yes. In the chat okay.

Are you guys with me. So far is this is this making sense okay. Um the. Next piece is we elicited what those you know what are we going to get from the the byproduct of tonight's webinar what's that going to do for us how what's important about that what's that going to do for us what's important about that what's that going to do for us what's important about that and we answered those questions and.

Then when we spoke those out loud we had this amazing. Rush of energy and our state transformed again true or false okay. As anachi says yes. Perfect you're learning you're getting this you're getting the process aren't you now let's look.

At let's examine once again those body feelings. Okay. So when you read the list out loud how many of you felt amazing 100 amazing type it just type 100 if it was you if it wasn't 100 type in the percentage you felt amazing in the chat foreign don't lie if you didn't feel 100 amazing okay. Good excellent.

So now my question for the peep and this is actually for the hundred percenters too. I want you to go back and if you need to felt a bit overwhelming that's normal for those of you if you need to go back and re reread your list out loud again. But now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to remember those feelings and. I want you to notice something. I want you to notice if in in addition to that really good feeling that you had did you notice any background feelings that were kind of icky or little thoughts that popped up that kind of try to derail your thought your your state as you were saying these things out loud if you if you if you had either icky feelings or icky words pop up in your head type that in the chat. Jack says yes.

Nobody else okay. If you did congratulations you just discovered the thoughts that you didn't know you had the beliefs and the memories that you didn't know you had. So if you do this drill right. Uh.

I'm gonna get my. I'm going to meet as a byproduct of buying this training. I'm going to attract and meet my soul mate we're going to be happily ever after it's going to be the best thing since sliced bread great feeling here icky feeling here okay. Point to where the icky feeling is close your eyes.

If there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that icky feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch physically take your hand. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is once you got that make sure we got the right. One.

Reach. Out grab that picture with both of your hands and make it big like expand the window on your touch screen your iPhone notice what happens to the feelings in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker doesn't matter which one it does just pay attention to what it does. I'll put it back to its original size now slowly pull that that picture closer to your body and notice what happens to the body feeling now does it get stronger does it get weaker that's fine too now put it back to where it was. I want you to use your imagination.

I want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture you've just been playing with and you're probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But. I want you to feel along the base of that frame and. I'd like you to notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television and.

I want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast and. I want you to turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel foreign for yourself which one you like better you like it all the way to the white or all the way to the black whatever it is turn that knob all the way in that direction until it's completely white it out or blacked out once you've got that. I want you to take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that white it out or blacked out screen there were some important lessons positive or negative that this experience had to teach you.

I want you to write those lessons and the feelings on the screen in glowing golden letters. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an infinite unlimited writing space some people know exactly what those lessons are and just like the. Clockwork they just write those lessons out some people have no.

Conscious idea what those lessons are and. So just like automatic writing works let your unconscious mind. Express itself in whatever way it needs to let the part of you that knows what those things are. Express itself now some people draw squiggles some people draw pictures some people get really upset and angry and they write you you you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously writing.

Chinese and. Hebrew at the same time. However your body wants to do it just let that process take place you may notice feelings and thoughts and ideas and statements coming up put them on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go and keep writing until everything that needs to be kept is on that screen and everything else has been dissolved and melted and drained away when you know you've got that reach up with both of your hands shrink that put that picture down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change is.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat in your heart your unconscious mind moves that image all the way back. Beyond the. Horizon. I found a.

Hammer mix when you're banging on a nail. I feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back do you know it's nailed back there for all eternities possible come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead now for those of you who did this drill go ahead and type in the chat which you experienced let's see what's going on here anybody with me in the chat. So. Jax is saying why when.

I am moving the screen. I don't feel anything you probably have some layers of dissociation there. So grab it slap it into your body pull it out now this will probably cause you to tear up and feel things you don't necessarily want to feel um. But that's how you break up that stagnation okay.

Anybody else um the question is if we nail it behind us what happens to the lesson the lesson is preserved the place behind us is a storage cabinet for pla for things that your neurology classifies as overdone and complete. Jack says now. I feel it. I warned you um what.

Jack's just experienced uh happens. I. I discovered it as a clinical it was a clinical phenomenon um a lot of times people have extra layers of desensitization and dissociation between their body feelings and their external projections and. So.

I would run into this over and over again in the clinic and after a while because my. NLP training my hypnosis training never prepared me for a lot of the things. I encountered in the clinical setting. I had to figure out on my own and.

So one day. I just as an epiphany. I just had the person. Reach.

Out grab the picture slam it into their body and pull it back out and. I just had them keep doing that and what happened was it reattached it reconnected their body feeling to their proprioceptive energy system and all of a sudden now any any change they made out here changed their subsequent body feelings and. So now they could change it to whatever they wanted okay. Now here's again because.

I don't want to hand you everything. I want you guys to think your way through this think about what. I just said think about what. I just said everything about vibration that we work with is about body films if.

I have a body feeling and. I have a component of it out here that. I can use to change it. I can turn any body feeling.

I have into any body feeling. I want you see the significance of this drill yes. Or yes. Are you guys are you guys in a coma type it in the chat.

I can't tell right. How many of you actually did this drill besides. Jax anybody else okay. Oh sander did okay.

And. Sandra what as nachi did okay. For those of you who did the drill what happened did you have something go away and uh. Holly's sending me a message that you guys need to click that link before it's too late.

Sanders says yes. Felt. Later yes. You you lost energetic weight what happens a lot of times as anachi says good feeling yeah what happens a lot of times is your your energy body builds up a charge because of something in the spiritual body the the thought and feeling of body and that's where the real problem is.

But most people don't have a way to connect the physical energetic and spiritual levels through an interface everybody understands. So when you connect these things this way you're you're working on the coding system that is universal from the most subtle aspect of your soul to your spirit body to your energy body to your physical body and. So you can change anything you want into anything you want and there's a there's a there's a a language to this a somatic language if you will um and again in uh in your class um secrets of personal transformation personality transformation um it should be in. Hidden loss of.

Attraction as well you'll see something called. Energy centered. Psychotherapy or body centered energy psychotherapy there's this phenomena known as the somatic search engine um vividification there's all kinds of little body-centric practices that we do that allow us to amplify and magnify whatever vibrational frequencies that we want or transform them into anything we want. So when we take something we connect it out here we reprocess it we shrink it down we move it behind us every level of our neurology classifies it as something that is now overdone and complete.

So when you are doing your manifestation drill which is the. Next thing we're going to play with is going to be the information drill which is a way to bypass and get around your intrinsic limiting beliefs we have many ways to change and transform limiting beliefs. But we don't have time to cover it all in a three-hour webinar when we meet a three or four day training to do it okay. So.

I'm giving you. I'm giving you stuff you can just start putting the putting the work right. Away has this been useful. So far have.

I have. I delivered the things. I've been promising to you yes. Or yes.

Okay. I want to make sure because again senator says heck yeah. Edie says yes. Become real is absolutely good okay.

So let's start let's just backtrack and review everything starts with what you want how you know you're getting it what's the foundational. State you need to be in we started with. Victory we could have used playfulness. But.

I think victory for this group seemed to be more appropriate. Then we layered in the emotional energy necessary to manifest and attract what we wanted. Then we looked for anything that might be getting in the way. So we had we breathed that color into our body we became aware of the good feelings the emotional drivers the things we wanted and.

Then we became aware of the icky nasty background feelings and we zeroed in on those and we started dissolving them we started reprocessing and reprogramming them. So that when we re-access the energies we want to attract it's cleaner and it's more powerful there's nothing tainting it that's what you've just learned okay. With the whole. Magic.

Frame part the technique is called. Magic. Frame we show it a lot on uh on the. YouTube channel because it's one of those that you don't leave home without it it's too powerful not to use here's what comes.

Next now that we've cleaned the vessel we've energized. The. Vessel we've harmonized. The.

Vessel we've cleaned it we know what we want we know how we're getting it now we want to circumvent throughout you could you could absolutely use gray room gray room takes longer to do that's why we don't teach it usually in a webinar. I used to do great room a lot in my early webinars usually as a uh towards the end of the webinar people wanted to kind of just drop a bunch of crap. I just run them through a gray room and stuff like that and people be happy maybe we'll do that in the future for future webinars or whatever we'll uh we'll start bringing back some of these longer meditative practices and things like that for people. But.

Graham is very powerful. But it's not fast enough for what we're doing here okay. Also unless you modify gray room it doesn't necessarily. Target the safety lessons connected to why that belief or that that limiting feeling is hanging around it'll let you get rid of stuff kind of like soaking the pot before you and scrubbing it before you put it in a dishwasher.

But if you don't if there's a reason for that limiting belief to be there that your nervous system feels is important to your safety um it'll fight to keep it great room doesn't directly address that that's why if you look. At the identity by. Design. Silo which we usually cover at the beginning of the weather.

But. I skipped around a lot you have. General negativity clearing special negativity clearing uh default driver. States internal dialogue training uh temporal editing uh boom of.

Eternity and. Then. Magic. Frame which is where we install the trades qualities and character a magic circle which is where we install the trades qualities and characteristics of people we admire okay.

That's the whole seven stage identity by. Design sequence you'll learn it in uh part of it in. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction you'll also learn part of it um in the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course if you join us virtually for the identity by. Design four-day certification you'll learn it. Hook.

Line and. Sinker ready to go out and make money using it if you come to. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction uh in. San. Diego. August 20th through the 24th you'll learn how to use it to install the trades quality and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky.

So not only will you have this awesome. Unstoppable inner game you'll also have the trades qualities and characteristics that make you not have to work quite. So hard not a bad deal right. Just click the link www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a-ww.nlpower.com forward slash h-l-o-a hold on a.

Second right. Um. I'm gonna actually put this for those of you who want to take advantage of the offer. I know some of our.

YouTubers missed it. I did manage to get get them back online a little bit. I can't find my uh can't find my chat though not sure what happened there. Anyway.

I'll post it in the comments section. Later guys. I'm sorry. I don't.

I. I don't know what happened why we don't get ready to get any of us a chat. But um. Anyway.

So um. Okay. So now what we're gonna do is we're going to go back to a principle. I gave you earlier how many of you wrote this down.

But the neurology creates the neurology accepts type in the chat if you actually wrote it down people love gray room and often asked to do it again yeah great room is a big favorite okay. This. Next technique the information is level one is the. First way to begin to create affirmations that bypass your limiting beliefs you see when you arbitrarily create an affirmation let's just use the old classic standard uh let me share my screen really quick um page um okay.

So. I hope everybody can see this. So when we think of an affirmation we'll just use a standard one every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better okay.

This is a very old affirmation it was originally created by a. Frenchman by the name of. Emil kui um and for decades people would literally just repeat this to themselves over and over and over again. But it would literally take tens of thousands of repetitions where people would start seeing event results the question is why and the best the best was the answer.

I can give you is and again this is for you guys in the chat for those of you who are on. YouTube. I know that it's hard to reach the chat let me ask you guys in in and hear a question if and again you will avoid taking this as a direction or a suggestion. But let's hypothesize for a moment that something happened to me one of my kidneys is defective or created had a disease or something like that and the only way to save my life was to get me a new kidney and.

I had a choice. I could put myself on the donor list get lucky and get a transplanted kidney from somebody else right. Or they could take some healthy stem cells from my kidney or my bone marrow and grow me a new kidney which one wouldn't work and it's not a trick question which one would not work assuming we had the technology to regrow a kidney now and it were possible which one would not work don't be bashful type it in the chat folks dude he's actually making us answer questions what's up with that. I thought this was a free webinar all.

I had to do was sit and do nothing and not think okay. Jack says the. First one put my name on a donor list get a new kidney from somebody else okay. Edie says grow a new one.

Sandra says stem cell same. Consciousness that causes effective kidney assuming we have the ability to grow a healthy one again. I'm taking. I'm taking it from the healthy kidney the transplant.

Brad says. Ah. Brad's thinking both would work. But one requires what a lot of anti-rejection drugs this is why what's another word for rejection anybody what's another word for rejection protection okay.

Denial resist and nailed it. Mark rejection is a form of resistance. So law of the mind says that you won't do anything that you don't want to do or that's not in harmony with something that's gone before if. I give you a suggestion it's like that transplanted kidney.

But if. I can get you to create your own suggestion it's like growing a new kidney which one has more probability of being fully accepted by. The. Host the grown kidney or the transplanted one absolutely it's a it's really a no-brainer when you don't overthink it.

But this is analog this is a metaphor that. I want you to understand about why sometimes the suggestions you're being given or are giving yourself don't work one it's coming from the wrong part of your brain two it doesn't it's not in harmony with your deeply held belief systems okay. Your neurology is designed to keep you the same let me replay that okay. Your neurology is designed to keep you the same in hypnosis and.

NLP and other derivatives we talk about something called the critical faculty of the conscious mind the critical faculty of the conscious mind is in place to keep you from changing too quickly it's designed to filter out any information or communication that doesn't match what you've accepted is true inside your mind let me repeat that it's designed to filter out any communication or suggestion or direction that doesn't match the model of how the world's supposed to be inside your mind and. So when you when you write an affirmation from the neocortex level you're writing from a conscious mind level your conscious mind is the weakest most anal retentive part of you it's the two-year-old of the body when you accept when you take suggestions from another human being and try to apply them to yourself it's crapshoot it's a crapshoot because that other person's mental syntax the way they think and how they think and their value system and their belief systems may be very different from how yours is structured because that structure is different it won't have the same effect necessarily on you that it would on them are you guys with me. So far can you see the big picture here. So the question becomes how do we create suggestions and affirmations are just suggestions and directions we're giving to ourselves how do we create suggestions and directions that align with our nervous system that align with our value system now align with our belief systems conscious and unconscious how do we do that it's very simple actually and again when you come to.

Hidden laws. I will explain all the linguistic tricks behind this. I'll explain how it works why it works. I'll let you try to disprove it or make it not work and you'll prove to yourself that it does.

But because. I want you to have an experience we're going to do this process let we call this the informations level one there's like three or four other levels of this that we just go deeper and stronger. But this will get you started okay. Before.

I do that though. I want to remind everybody that we're coming to um the the close of our our webinar for today and. So. I want to make sure that um you guys if you're on if you were on the fence about any of of the offer that we've got going on today.

I want you to make sure that you grab your offer and for those of you joining us um on. YouTube. I will post this link for you in the comments section um it's the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction uh ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course um this is one of the most powerful program powerful packages we've ever put out it includes the entire hidden. Laws of. Attraction ultimate manifestation.

Mastery. Program it's a 1997 value you also get the vibrational influence. UK special edition 2497 value we're going to give that to you free you can get vibrational healing home study course 2497 value we're gonna give that to you free you get secrets of. Personality transformation 2497 value free hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets. Master.

Class 1997 value once again we're going to give it to you for free you're going to get the attraction. Mastery four day intensive that gives you the the actual social. Dynamic tools to attract and keep and find your soul mates okay. So soul mates is mostly about inner game and the characteristics personalities and temperaments of what you're looking for and how to get it an attraction.

Master are the physical techniques and skills necessary to find and attract those people and keep them as part of your life right. So there's yin yang combination there we're going to give you a three-month trial membership to the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program it's a 10-year or 11 year archive it's a 1597 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free and for those of you who register for the free.

VIP super ticket we're going to give you a twofer you're going to get a. VIP super ticket to the hidden. Laws of. Attraction live training scheduled for.

August 20th through the 24th here in. San. Diego we're also going to throw in as an extra value bonus we're gonna throw in a free virtual ticket. I call it a fast pass a fast pass to our.

Next identity by. Design four-day hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification program. So if you're looking to increase your hypnosis skills transform yourself from the inside out uh find it create another. Revenue stream for working with your coaching clients this is the class you want to take you can do it all from the comfort of your own home we have some of the best uh.

Proctors available. Holly's been with us and been in our exclusive. Zoom. Maven for almost four or five years now and people absolutely love her you'll be in the room with me virtually and she'll be making sure that you get all the experiences you need to qualify for the provisional certification that we offer for those of you who attend okay.

Um total total for that identity by. Design course is three thousand one hundred and fifty dollars it's not listed here. But the total value if you were to get that the entire package we're talking about would be 21 497 dollars you can get it all for one low investment of just 9.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of 397 each all you need to do is go to www.nlppower.com forward slash hidden. Laws of.

Attraction it's www.nlppower.com forward slash hidden laws of attraction one more time with feeling that's www.hidden. Laws of. Attraction forward slash hloa all right. So.

I wanted to get that in before we come into the information segment um because again some of us are some of the folks are joining us on. YouTube. I know they missed a chunk of the the prep work. But hopefully.

I've done enough review that they can follow along and get the benefit from this. Next piece okay. Um uh let me go back and stop sharing here and. I'll stop sharing here all right.

So going back to the information. So how do we do this how do we how do we craft a statement um or a how do we craft an affirmation that bypasses our limiting beliefs again goes back to this idea what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts. So. I'm gonna go share my screen again and.

I'm going to help and this would it would probably be useful for those of you who really want to grab this or you know get you know get a hold of this process get out a note a piece of paper and a pencil and write some of these out for your application right. And um what. I might what. I might do is.

I might spot check you guys and just have you share some of your your informations in the chat and. I'll give you feedback on them okay. So let me go ahead and put this up put this up okay. So instead of every day in every way.

So. I can make that a little bigger okay. Instead of every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better thousands and thousands of times.

I could write every day in every way. I am getting better and better because and fill in the blank with whatever pops up. First. So take a moment write down every day and every way.

I'm getting better and better because what's the. First thing that pops up in your head write that down and fill it in the blank and. Then do it again every day in every way. I'm getting better and better because oops all right.

Okay. Now you may notice that each time you do this you get a slightly different answer that's okay. Because whatever answer your nervous system gives you is the one it will accept let me repeat that whatever because response your nervous system gives you is the one it will accept it's the one that will allow it to make that suggestion come true okay. Just to test it write that write this affirmation write this information structure down a couple more times just using the everyday and every way one pay attention to what your unconscious mind answers and.

Then what. I want you to do just like we did before. I want you to read the answers out loud pick you know do five or six of them and either pick one and read it out loud five times or read them all once five times and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and type in the chat what you feel type it in the chat. I'll wait till rudu says.

I want it. I want to be happy. Kavita says. I deserve it okay.

Now you don't need to write the answers. But they are they're all good okay. Now when you sorry when you physically speak those affirmations or those in formations out loud what happens in your body what happens when you when you speak them out loud what happens in your body crystal says it gives a feeling of confidence. Rita says feels alive fireworks.

Edie says how many repetitions of the old way. Kavita says slight discovered okay. Now now that you've found the slight discomfort. Kavita point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture and just like you saw me do trace the outline of it make it bigger make it smaller notice how the feelings change put a big old frame around it find the find the knob white out the screen dark out the screen write the lessons on the screen.

So you can keep all the lessons let everything else go shrink it down notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your other than conscious mind moves that picture all the way up over the top of your head back behind the. Horizon where it disappears completely it's nailed back there for all time and when you know it's completely nailed back there for all eternity and possible come back test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead went really fast and it's okay. Take as long as you need to do that okay. Go back and watch my watch this process again and again and again this is why.

I gave you the. Magic. Frame before this okay. Because in most people you're going to get fired up really quick how many notice you got in in five in less than five of the information forms or less you got more fired up than if you did a thousand of the old ones true or not true okay.

Jack says lots of yeah. So if you want to use affirmations this is how you do it and if you have an experience um like. Kavita does point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture put the lessons on the screen put a frame around it shrink it down move it behind you do the do the informations again and just keep building on it because these only get stronger and stronger and stronger if you want to take it even further point to where in your body you feel it turn it into a color fill the room with it wrap it around you breathe it through your whole body now your entire system is resonating and pulsating with that frequency at the right. Amp with a super strong amplitude programmed for the right.

Thing and it's fun true or not true because if you're not fun you're not having fun you're not being effective once you embody this there's all kinds of other things that you can do with it okay. What you've done is you've created a vessel and a crucible for lack of a better word where you can create and mix alchemically the vibrations for the manifestation of what you want you've purified that vessel by finding the icky spots and removing them and. Then you create used a system that works in harmony with the deepest most. Primal levels of your body and mind to create a an instruction and a.

Direction that bypasses the limiting the reasons why you might not do something and works and focuses on the reasons for why you will remember when your unconscious mind gives you that answer it has been vetted by every single belief system uh experience ad infinitum that you've had and it's been passed and processed and vetted and cleared by all of it. So when you give though that that sequence of internal and external information back in the way. I've given it to you it functions like a direct command to your system and because it matches every password at every level of the system it all goes in and there's nothing to fight back against there's nothing to resist or reject does that make sense okay. So um we're going to do a.

Last call we've got one more lesson on the informations that we're going to do what we're going to do now with this is we're going to customize it now what. I want you to do is. I want you to write down on a sheet of paper five things that you want to manifest. But now what.

I want you after you've written those five things down what. I want you to do is. I want you to use the information structure to create affirmations or instructions to your neurology that your nervous system will actually accept. So write five things down in the using this after this.

Yin formation structure right. Every day you know whatever your information is let me go ahead and put this here um let's. So let's say. I want a six figure business.

I now earn six figures because fill in the blank. I now attract my soul my perfect partner because. I now win every interview because. I now easily finish my book.

Because right. So again um. I now clean my house joyfully or. I now joyfully clean my house let's try that.

I want you to play with this right. Again. I'm giving you examples you don't have to use my examples. But the the point here is is that.

I want you to understand this structure. So that when you start using doing your. Law of. Attraction work you have something that actually works for you and it works really fast you can't see the examples um are you sure we do because they should they should show up huh hold on a.

Second there we go is that better oops can you see him now oh they showed up there okay. Okay. So once you've you know and just. So.

I know that you've got this um just cut and paste one of your full fully formed informations um in the chat. So. I can see it that just makes it smaller. I'd already done that.

Brad the problem is if. I. I can use my mouse okay. I now earn six figures because.

I work towards doing it. Kavita what happens when you say that out loud does it feel good yeah see see that's something your nervous system will let you act on can we go in and clean up all the limiting beliefs and all the things that are in the way and all the thoughts we didn't know we had and all the beliefs we didn't know we had and our dominance yeah we can do all that we absolutely can in fact you'll learn how to do it. But that doesn't help you today it doesn't give you it doesn't give you a way necessarily to create the foundation prime the pump get out of the way and. Then fire the bullet.

I am saving more and more money to go to. David's seminars good okay. Anybody else want to share rudu says. I now feel very.

I now. I think she was supposed to have a feel there now very healthy and achieve my desired self because. I started listening to my body more good good. I now choose to be free of and healed from any negativity and unhelpful limitations from my past because.

Mark again what. I'm looking for is the because. I need to see a because to be it needs to have a because in it to be information a level one information okay. Remember because is the magic word that takes things from a neocortical response to a deeper one because that is not what.

I want very good now say those things say those informations out loud with the full because because. X after it and notice what happens to the body feelings okay. You guys on. YouTube you can do this at home as well right.

I showed you the techniques because. I'm educate. I'm an educational and. I'm applying it to my life very good now it's it's funny right.

It sounds you kind of laugh at yourself for saying it. But when you read the whole. Yin formation out loud notice what happens to your energy level notice what happens to your desire to do it and and the belief that you actually can right. You stu when you use this process you literally stop fighting and resisting yourself does that make sense cool all right.

Well my my friends. I hope you've enjoyed tonight's uh training. I really really want you to go ahead and click that link now to get your. Last call for the two for ones you know uh repeat after me.

I am now. I'm now clicking. David's link because answer the question and. Then do that right.

Uh once again let me just um go to our page here once again remember this is this is quite literally the best the best deal we've ever given um it absolutely covers and checks all the boxes gives all the dots guy says. I study because. I really enjoy this subject and will improve my life beyond my dreams excellent excellent. So once again hidden.

Laws of. Attraction um let me see if. I can make this a little bit bigger doesn't look. Like it's going to get any bigger.

So. I'll just have to deal with it uh includes the hidden. Laws of. Attraction home study course 1997 value vibrational influence.

UK 2497 value we're going to give that to you free vibrational healing home study course 2497 value we're going to give that to you free sequence of. Personality transformation 2497 value for re uh hidden laws attraction soulmate. Secrets masterclass 1997 value free attraction. Mastery four day intensive two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value free uh.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring. Practice. Group three months trial to try it out and let an apple access to 11 year video archive one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollar value for free and of course you're gonna get the free.

VIP two for one ticket you get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction live three-day training super training here in. San.

Diego. California and you also get a free virtual. Fastpass to our. Next four day identity by.

Design hypnosis and hypnotherapy certification streamed live from. Las. Vegas. Nevada um.

July 17th through the 21st um. Ritu says you mentioned that these courses also help attract clients for a pretty new coaching business yes. Very much very much uh. Mark says this was just spectacular thank you.

So much. Amazed by it all very appreciative thanks. David you're welcome my friend that's what. I'm here for all right.

Listen it's your life it's your choice all you got to do is take the actions your world can be everything you want it to be. But you have to make the decision that you deserve to have it and all you got to do to prove it to yourself is click that link go to www.nlppower.com forward slash h-l-o-a www.nlppower.com forward slash hloa uh to quote the great. Forrest. Gump that's about all.

I have to say about that in the words of the immortal. Carol. Burnett. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song maybe do a few informations seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long bye everybody click that link and let's get this party started good night. God bless take care foreign.
