Title: FlDg0tRslME.txt
Video Id: FlDg0tRslME
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FlDg0tRslME

Foreign. Welcome to our. Saturday morning our. Saturday.

AMA with the the. Snyder man uh. I'm just checking in um my schedules are changing radically. So.

I'm finding myself with a bit more free time than usual. So. I figured. I'd just spend uh spend that extra time with the people who matter most to me outside of my uh immediate family.

So uh pardon me while. I move things around here. But uh. I see two people are watching why don't you go ahead and tell us where you're checking in from and we'll go from there hold on a.

Second. I got to get to my chat there we go all right. Chat away my friends show me what you got show me what you're working with hey there's. Liam and s-a-t.

Atlanta there's. Paul. Andrew we've got lots of people all of a sudden. I like it.

I like it. I like it a lot just pop this chat out of here. So. I don't have to keep playing with.

Windows you know with respect to the bill all right. So you got me for a while what do you want to know about what do you want to talk about let's see here oh let's see there's. Liam. Philly's.

Philly picks from. Canada got. Adrian. Martinez check it in.

Sal. Manuel from. Chicago. Seth breed.

Bart from. Saint. Paul. Minnesota nikolaki hey.

David. Nico from. Burbank hope all is well with you and your family things are amazing right. Now you know they're they're exciting they're just getting more exciting and that's actually cool uh let's see here we got.

Antron from. Valley of the. Sun cool. Adele farad from.

Fremont. California brick. T hey. David do you personally do.

DD magic or any better alternative you know it's interesting that there's. So many different ways to get to the same thing um it's interesting in the. Buddhism course that. I'm.

I'm training in they're teaching us both they're teaching us both um identification or or what we call dissolving and absorbing and realizing everything is self and they're also teaching us deity magic which ultimately winds up with you being absorbed into your the. Avatar of the deity you've created. So honestly uh. I think they both have a lot of.

Merit a lot of valid as long as it's it emotionally physically uh resonates with you. I think it's fine uh words create world says hey. Dr. David.

I'm. So glad to be able to be in the live again me too uh nikolaki says what are the three magic questions um talk three magic questions is a code for three levels of questions. So the. First one is going to be location occasion.

Second one is going to be career passions or pleasure. Third one is early positive childhood experiences. Andrew cigarillo is asking. David.

NLP your top three recommendations okay. Andrew you're gonna have to give me a little bit more uh qualifiers. So. I can give you a better recommendation the chosen one says how would.

I be able to manifest money with the elements. First thing you've got to do if you're going to use elements is you've got a purge you've got to clean up your. Then you have to get in harmony with the elements inside your body. Then you have to connect that to the and.

Then you have to get harmony with the elements outside of your body and. Then once you've got that you've got to bridge them and merge them until it's all one when you reach that much vaunted very very exalted level of development pretty much anything you you say or speak will start to manifest. So that's why um if you ever heard the old hermetic expression to know to dare to keep silent uh it wasn't just about not telling. Secrets it was about once you've reached a certain level of initiation especially where the elements are concerned because the elements where the elemental training was actually what was.

Kept. Secret in most true. Traditions um because that's where things really start to get crazy. I know because.

I'm going through it right. Now. I mean. I've been training.

I've been playing with elements for a long time and. I thought. I knew a lot about elements now. I'm finding out hey.

I was right. On one level and still a baby on other levels. So. But that's how you use the elements primarily the.

First thing. I do is balance and clear them if you want to use elements [Music] um. Keith. Dalton thank you for the.

AMA how does a person break free from chronic procrastination um the most direct way is regress to cause um things that you can use to hurry that along our unit formations and uh the resistance removal protocol and the procrastination. Blaster between those four things you're pretty much going to. Nuke any hesitation or procrastination uh that you're gonna that your body or mind is going to generate let's see here um. Scott tider says can you give someone a belief absolutely um.

Nick says. I'm. So jealous. I never got to train with.

Lillian. Bridges she was amazing um those of us who did spend some time with her even for a little while came away deeply touched and and and and very changed. So um. But while it lasts there is um some videos of her well actually many videos of her actually.

So. I guess that really doesn't uh it really depends on how how much of. Lillian's materials you want to really learn to absorb nothing will ever be like being in the room with her. But if you wanted to experience her there are videos available uh that she's done on the some of the various acupuncture ceu sites and.

Lotus. Institute has some face reading courses that they still sell. I believe or what's more actually more like rent because you only get access to the videos for. So long which.

I don't think is necessarily a good thing. But. But if you wanted to experience what. Lillian was like towards the end of her days um those are available let me see here um my favorite books on.

NLP um favorite books on. NLP aren't necessarily about. NLP um let's see all the. John.

Seymour books on. NLP they're they're they're not new they've been around for a long time. I really like. John.

Seymour's books on. NLP uh. So like. NLP at work and.

I think there was a couple others. But that's those are the ones. I liked a lot and. I got the most out of and.

I have all of. Richard's books um. But sometimes um the person that develops something isn't always the best person for teaching something right. [Music] um brick.

T says what does opening the door mean in esoteric martial arts opening the door the way. I've been taught to understand it means gaining access to what we call the 2D or inner door disciple level this is a very very rare and privileged level of um relationship that you have with a teacher where they are basically going to be extraordinarily hard on you and uh and basically not um take any and hold you to task and. Then they're gonna. Then as you prove yourself worthy they're going to teach you the secrets behind everything or as much as they're willingly more than they're going to teach the average student.

So that to me is what opening the door means there may be other meanings to it. But that's the one. I use ask the gamer what's your opinion on social anxiety limited to people of higher positions oh social anxiety isn't. Limited at all to anyone uh.

Anton. Petty can manifestation help you become your ideal self yes. But it's going to be a rough ride what generally happens is by as you work on becoming your ideal self your ability to manifest things tends to accelerate. But if you're using manifestation tools to move towards your ideal self now you're getting on the fast track to um.

Enlightenment. I guess is a good way to say it. But it's not going to be an easy. Road you're going to go through a lot of pain and suffering and you're gonna have to give a lot of up right.

We're all here on the journey to become our best version of ourselves. But the truth is um when you intentionally opt to start taking affirmative steps in that direction the universe is going to say oh he wants the e-ticket ride huh all right. Here you go. So if that's something you're signing up for.

Then uh it's coming uh words create worlds. I noticed it comes from this feeling of shooting myself in the foot it's bringing up every moment. I've ever done that this vibrational yeah regress the cause just just regress to cause and get rid of that and see how much of it's still left and use the other techniques to do that apsa is he answering. YouTube questions yes.

I am right. Uh the chosen one thank you. I'm rewatching your vibrational influence. I'm 19. excited how good the rest of my life is going to be knowing the elements knowledge and much more we'll keep doing what you do keep going my friend.

David. Orman that's a stemma guy what did you gravitate to. Kevin versus. Vladimir thank you um you know.

I have tremendous tremendous respect for both of them um. Kevin's been much more nuts and bolts a lot more uh deliberate practice e in that in that respect um very very free with the information and the knowledge. Vladimir is an amazing practitioner obviously a good teacher um where they diverge is. Vladimir he's a little bit more open to the esoteric a little bit more of the woo-woo side which.

I really really appreciate because as much as. I love martial arts and and real world practical stuff. I am very much an esotericist uh and. So.

I see the the value and the benefit of both. I'm very grateful that. I had the grounded teaching style that from. Kevin that.

I got because he really he really allowed me and and showed me how to make bridges and and um crossovers into other things. I do and. So he really helped me a lot and and. So.

I would still recommend. Kevin for most people um who want to really get a hard solid practical. Foundation in the. Russian martial arts.

I would. I would focus on. Kevin. First and.

Then if you have more of an interest in the the the the subtler things like the psycho the psych uh the um what do they call it well like the no. Touch hitting and and different ways to hit and do things. Then. Vladimir's your guy you know 100 you know there's no.

There's no. Denying the skill levels of. Vladimir. Brazilia at anything um.

But you know. I. I. I still study both people.

I study ryobco even though you know at the time. Kevin didn't really have a high opinion of some of the things that he done again it's you have to you have you know to to go to back to the. Bruce. Lee thing absorb what is useful uh throw out what isn't and add what that which is uniquely yours.

So. I hope that answered your question. But it's good to hear from you again. David um.

Rick. T says any books on esoteric practice for beginning for beginners that are not cryptic no. Um unfortunately most of the hardcore esotericists lean towards a little bit more dense soft and cryptic trainings um the most accessible ones is the one. I've been uh recommending for for over a decade now climate close to two decades which is the initiation to hermetics by.

Franz. Barton you know. I'm currently engaged in a very deep level study of. Christian mysticism.

Taoist mysticism and. Buddhist mysticism and you know what they're doing textbook. Friends. Barton exercises everything that's designed to evolve and develop your your three bodies and and help put you in touch with your soul it's all in there right.

This they're all using the exact same processes they call them they call them slightly different things. But the training is almost identical. I mean in the 98 percentile level like that's how similar the trainings are. So once again just again you'll never exhaust the things you'll learn from those books right.

What's important is that you have a community or a guide to guide you and move you through those exercises um which again is one of the reasons. I'm pursuing my doctorate in medical. Qigong and all the other esoteric systems that. I'm currently working through is because um.

I know you guys want to learn this stuff and. I want you to learn this stuff. But. I want you to do it safely and.

I want you to do it from a lineage that's credible if that makes any kind of sense. So. First and foremost. I'm doing this for me.

But. I'm also doing it eventually everything. But everything. I do for me eventually filters down to you guys.

So. I would start if you're interested in the esoteric stuff and and again one of the things. I see is you can go to any you can go to. Amazon and buy 100 books on spell casting or meditation or whatever and you'll get what you'll get results based on whatever level of development that you have.

But what thing. But most people who are who are missing are the what we call the nagong or the internal practices that evolve your three bodies access to your soul all the things that put just when we talk about killer influence we talk about. Rapport skills will get you frequency. But it's it's your state control that gets you amplitude right.

Same thing here what's the difference when a when a. Taoist. Shaman creates a talisman following a formula versus somebody who reads it out of a book. Following the exact same formula the amount of energy time and practice has gone into that magical muscle right.

And that's what most of us are aren't really understanding is that it's not just about the ritual or the symbol or whatever there are practices that to use a fitness metaphor if. I go into the gym and. I start doing benches and curls and all kinds of free weights and. I start really getting strong when.

I go to use that muscle. I'm going to have. I'm going to be able to move a lot more. I'm going to be able to get things done a lot faster than somebody who can barely lift the bar or who's watched somebody else working out right.

Or who's gone to a personal trainer and been told how to work out and given a list of things to do that maybe they do maybe they don't right. That's the difference and and that's the thing. I want you guys to get you know right. You know is there's there's trainings to this there's there's there's exercises and practices that amplify the the rituals and the the the colors and the metaphors that you're doing it's it's it's all systematic right.

Um and that's the thing that most people won't do they won't train and and. So. I. I do my best to oh thank you whoever donated uh we did that that was.

AP which book. Of yours that you have written would you suggest for sales and influence or any watch killer influence closing techniques okay. Uh if you haven't seen it try stealth selling. Secrets it's not a book.

It's a video course um from there. I would go into um. Charisma conversion which is all about you know selling from the stage and from the platform those are probably the two. Next if you've done killer influence.

Then the. Next phase is where you would be drill down more on on the sales processes which are instead of selling secrets and. Then um. Charisma conversion sorry it's been a long day.

I've been out in the sun a lot. So oh let's see here. So brick two says can you use kundalin energy for martial arts does it boost it and everybody and energy that you can tap into on demand will help you in martial arts. So kundalini's um a very powerful energy most people.

I know um who have an active. Kundalini are more focused on the spirituality side of things and more on the healing side of it. I don't see a lot of people in the martial arts although. Glenn.

Morris's work um. Kundalini. Awakening process. Glenn was a martial artist and successfully before he passed took.

Over 100 people through the. Kundalini. Awakening process. So.

I know like the hoshin. Roo which is the the. Ninjas the. Ninjutsu offshoot system that.

Dr. Morris founded a lot of martial artists in that group. So. I'm betting a lot of them are working with ways to tap into and utilize the.

Kundalini foreign. ER you skip some questions oh. I guess. I did hold on a.

Second. I'm curious do you know any books on how singers become. So great with their rhythmic tone when they sing. I don't know any books um the best advice.

I dropped my my cat from my my methylene. Blue. Water here. So let me grab that really quick um uh look.

Up. Jonathan altfeld. Jonathan allfeld has a course on uh voice enhancement um that's probably the best advice. I can give you.

I don't have a lot on vocal quality vocal training do you have to worry about exchange of fluid or. DNA with your partner's ex any residual memory to urge. I would say that the risk of that is is really minimal um. But just like an.

STD can be passed from one person to another without the person themself actually. Contracting the disease you might want to have some get some check get some uh get checked out a little bit also remember that there is when we have sex with somebody there are these energetic chords that are created that stay connected to those. Partners until we intentionally go in and we break them and we break those connections now the question becomes can those connect can those sexual connections those energetic connections between your partner and their former partner be transferred to you and. I would say that that's probably not going to happen unless there's an intention for it to happen if that makes any kind of sense is there some truth in semen retention much truth in semen retention uh guile let's see here all right.

Let me see benefits of owning a dog good for regulating neurology what else curious to know well they make good they're good for protection and early warning if someone tries to break into your house um actually animal having pets is a is good for most of us um. But remember something that that pet needs to be nurtured and cared for. But most importantly it needs to be trained and it needs attention. So remember while you're buying the dog to get attention the animal also needs your attention as well.

So. I think there's a lot of really really positive benefits from owning a dog or a puppy right. Uh hey. David what benefits do you get by drinking methylene blue.

I'll tell you um my my cognitive energy level has gone way up my ability to focus and sit and on tasks for longer periods of time seems to have taken a significant increase it was it was noticeable at. First. But it was subtle the longer. I.

I've been drinking the methylene blue with electrolytes by the way. I might add um the more rapidly. I feel the effect whenever. I drink it.

So um again do the research and uh and and test it out if you think it's something that's useful. But it's. I've. I actually quite enjoy it.

Justin tanks says hypnosis versus. NLP which do you think is more effective my answer. Justin is yes. And here's my here's why.

NLP is hypnosis okay. It's just a different form of. History. NLP is about the structure of subjective experiences and.

So when you understand how language and all those things factor in to that your hypnosis becomes significantly stronger or more powerful um the problem with most people who study classical. NLP is they come out with this head full of knowledge that they can't actually do anything with and. I've. I've been.

I've had allergy to that for almost 20 years because when. I when. I was running. The.

Sleepwalkers uh out of. La we saw the the product of every. NLP training organization in the world everything that came from the. James.

Community everything that came from the bandler community everything that came from uh you know everybody else at the time that was teaching we they all came through our trainings and our meetings and as time went on the people showing up had more and more ego and less and less ability and. So. I made a very very. Renegade decision that.

I was not going to be part of that that machine because people weren't coming away with a skill set they were coming away with a certificate and an ego that they couldn't support and. So. I taught hypnosis in. NLP for free for 10 years before.

I would ever consider certifying or teaching anyone and. So that's where. I come from. I mean when you come to my trainings you're going to understand it and you're going to be able to do it you're going to be able to do it on demand you know um can we be certif a certified practitioner in.

NLP with your programs if you follow the the. Justin if you follow my training formula the answer is yes. Now let me explain that because. I used to get a you know back when.

I was certifying through the. Society of. NLP. I would get no.

End of because of the rigor that. I put my students through um. So let me explain that most of your. NLP trainers and certification by and.

I'm not. I'm not putting them down at all you know they they are what they are and everybody can teach you something. But because of my experiences as running practice groups for 10 years for free actually more than 10 years if you count the time. I spent in.

San. Diego plus the time. I spent in. LA um.

I realize that if you want to be able to rock. NLP like really really well you need to be a good hypnotist. First you know the question came up which is more effective hypnosis for. NLP and.

So. I developed a curriculum that is very integrative in other words the. NLP and the hypnosis are all you don't know you don't know where one begins and the other end. But one of the things.

I found is that when you take a hypnotist who's really good at it it was very comfortable with their hypnosis. I don't care if you're classically trained or you do what we do which is. Cutting. Edge um if you're really if the person's really competent they can walk into an.

NLP class look. At the bullet points of an. NLP process and just riff it right. It doesn't generalize the other way because unfortunately.

I don't know if it's the way the trainings are designed. I don't know if it's a bias of the trainers themselves. But when people go in they come out with this idea that everything's hard and complicated and um they can't hypnotize people as easily as someone who comes from the uh the hypnosis world. First now there's exceptions to every rule.

But. I've been training people for a long long time and. I have tried every combination that. I can think of to accelerate people's curves through the.

NLP world or through the. NLP curriculum and what we have seen time and time and time again is that if you have hypnosis training. First good hypnosis training. First and you're comfortable with hypnosis you can rock.

NLP it's just it's just that simple it's just that straightforward um. But. I was and. So to get into my.

NLP class you have to have been through at least identity by. Design and or killer influence my preference is is actually identity by. Design um. But if and if you have both of those it's optimal and.

Then what happens when by that time when you get to. NLP you're like. I know 80 of this right. Um why because it's all there.

I mean there's a if you think about it even though. I've never. I never for a lot of years. I never build killer influence training as an.

NLP class. But since 2020 uh killer influence has been voted by my by my peers and my. St and and just. I guess people who've bought the course as the number one.

NLP training course in the world why is that because it takes a real world approach to you to do these things in real world situations there's. So much information in classical. NLP um that people get. So and the problem is if you think of of the.

I'm gonna get on. I'm gonna get off my my. NLP pedestal in a minute. But one of the things that happens a lot of times is the the the field of.

NLP is like this big. Buffet right. That's just spread out before you. But nothing's marked you don't know what's a garnish what's an appetizer what's a main course what's a dessert right.

And you're left to figure it out killer influence and identity by. Design do something that makes everything easier is that it gives you the critical path to follow. First do this. Then do this.

Then do this. Then do this in a universal way in other words it says if you're if you're in a dating context do this do this do this do this you're in a negotiation contest do this do this do this do this you're in a coaching context do this dude it's the same formula. So you always have the. Next step you always know where to start and where to go.

Next okay. The other part that that the way we do it at least is is that we do we do three times more. Hands-On training than any other trainer in the industry okay. So one of the things we've discovered from watching people for hundreds of hours is that the way most people are taught and this is not just in the.

NLP world this is in pretty much any seminar world at all we see this in hypnosis a lot too is you go into you go into a classroom you sit down the instructor gets up they give you. Theory. Theory. Theory right.

Tell you a couple stories do a demo you break up you have partner a partner. B. A does b b does a you go back more lecture more story more. Theory more demo break up do it once each back that's the standard seminar training funnel it doesn't work really well okay.

One of the things that we've discovered is that one repetition is like scratch. Pad memories like the. RAM on your computer the minute the computer goes off the ram goes away right. Or the ram clears the the minimum number of repetitions that you need to be to retain something at a deep enough level that you can functionally use it out in the street is three.

So we've organized our entire training system around what we call the three by three protocol right. When you come to the killer influence or hidden. Laws of. Attraction um you'll you'll experience that firsthand if you've got our videos you've seen it you've seen me give instructions three times as a subject three times as the operator every time different partner every time you got half an hour go and you just got to get those reps in right.

And it's amazing how quickly people can embody what seems at the very. First like like a lot of information um because of that extra. Hands-On right. Because we we carve out what's the main pieces what do you absolutely have to have what are optional pieces what is fluff and we've we've just distilled the entire body of information down to that and.

So it makes people it makes it much easier for people to go through the process. So that was a pretty long drawn out explanation of can you get certified with my programs yes. But you got to come to the live event because we won't certify you virtually although because of way things are going now. I may.

I may have to modify that adage a little bit. I'm not thrilled about it because. I still think if you want the biggest bang for your buck you need to get your ass to a live event. But uh let's see knowledge is key.

I'm 20 and discovered you near the end of 12th grade and. I somewhat know. Spanish. I want to learn how to quickly be fluent is there fast ways to do that sleep learning works really really well uh watching.

Spanish television. I hear is really a good way to do it nicolaki says guys. I highly recommend taking. David's face reading class thank you.

So much for that. Nick. Revelation at what age did you feel that you stepped fully and truly into your power. I'll let you know when.

I get there um and. I'm not trying to be funny um. I just don't feel like. I'm done yet.

I. I feel like. I'm. I'm still in the process.

So there are levels to power. But um. I think probably the very. First time was when.

I stood up in front of a martial arts class and talk a group of kids and they absolutely loved it. I was like well damn. I'm good at this. I can do this these kids like it you know the other times are when.

I when. I was when. I was an actor when. I stepped up onto the stage for the.

First time and. I nailed the auditions right. That was really the beginning for me martial arts and martial arts training and and. Theater was actually where.

I started hold on a. Second. I just saw something about amplitude oh. Bob.

CK says. I've gotten my amplitude really high once and. I manifested a great relationship. But.

I can't figure out how to get my amplitude high again my my intuition. Bob is that you're trying to measure how. Intuit you are and what. I've seen over and over and over again is that the moment you you remember you remember a time when you had a certain amplitude or you had you experienced a certain level of amplitude and you want to get back there what happens a lot of times is people remember what that was like and.

Then they have part they try to go into it. But there's a little part of their mind outside trying to evaluate if they're there yet it's that little piece of you that's not absorbed that's meta to the experience that is actually keeping you from going even higher. So. I would start playing with your your sub modalities the big you know if you know the.

Magic. Frame drill and you know the frame. Game start playing with that and stop trying to evaluate how strongly you're in the state because. I think the moment you stop evaluating and just dissolve into it and just be fully present in it um you're gonna get there faster what are some of the cognitive benefits of playing the frame.

Game daily um well let me count the ways you're going to have more. Focus you're going to have more creativity you're going to have more mind-body integration you're going to be able to dissolve phobias limiting beliefs reorganize your thought processes have less clutter um is that enough to start because that's what's coming right. You'll also learn things faster if you play the frame game a lot right. So as auth is saying how could my game development company create an.

NLP game with you and what would that look. Like well you'd probably have to get into some private conversations with me and and go over what your plan is and what you want to do with that um. So you might want to reach out to. Stephanie and see if uh there's there's a fit there avant-garde says.

So you've seen it all well. I don't know that. I've seen it all. But.

I've seen a lot uh brick. TF. Partners do develop energy core why don't people feel bad on cheating can you enhance the energy accordance and messages yes. Once you understand how chords work you can use them for just about anything which is again a dangerous thing right.

Justin do you have a process of self-hypnosis and transformational change work that you teacher recommend start with identity by. Design if you're not ready for identity by. Design use the transformational. Triad right.

The color breathing. Magic. Frame and energy spinning um. I do a lot of.

I do a lot of stuff guys. But. I. I'm always doing something.

So to ask me what. I do would be. I would have to give you a laundry list as long as my arm right. It really depends on what kind of results and what kind of phenomena you're trying to generate in your life um what are the benefits of owning a dog cat and are there any great books you can recommend to become a trainer a trainer of what specifically dogs.

D if we change our old stories which we tell ourselves how quickly can we see the newest stories manifesting in us very quickly very quickly one of the things that uh and this has been a lot of the people in. LP. World played with this probably back in uh mid mid to late 90s. A lot of people were coming out with rewriting the stories of your life um and that seems to have a very significant effect in our in our uh our.

Weapons of. Mass instruction course our neuroscientific storytelling. Secrets course one of the things that we we tell people to do is write. The.

Narrative of your life as you understand it. Then rewrite it as a comedy. Then rewrite it as a tragedy. Then rewrite it as a love story and notice how your experience of those same events changes right.

It's kind of like reframing you know we we're more the slaves of the story we create than the feelings in our body. But the feelings in our body are what are linked to the stories and. So that's where we get an emotion from is a feeling linked to a story that has a name attached to it right. What are some ways to strengthen your magical muscle well the way what the things.

I teach my students starts with identity by design that whole identity by. Design curriculum is designed as a hermetic even though. I don't teach it. I don't promote it for this.

But this is the truth the identity by. Design system combined with killer influence. But 80 percent identity by. Design is designed as a hermetic skills and attribute development system okay.

You're you're learning these techniques in the context of hypnosis and therapy and self-work. But each and every one of those seven stages is working on specific magical attributes that you need to develop or in some cases remove okay. So. I always.

So and and again if you if you ever get around a lot of my inner circle like my mega. Platinum class or my. Platinum members or my coaching members you'll hear them every now and. Then you'll hear someone say it's all the same and everybody will burst out laughing because they've been through the different levels of.

Planet. David and they've seen how what they thought was one thing was actually a whole bunch of things being trained into them at the same time right. I'm going to be very transparent about that you're going to get power from what we do and you're going to come in with you're going to come into the system at whatever problem level you need to solve while laying the foundation to solve higher level problems for you as you continue to work with the system okay. So hopefully that helps um beyond that start with the image cycling pulling down the heavens one through ten three.

Divine invocations and you're cooking with gas. Len since. I have gone to your training and experienced a three to three x principle. I find that it's.

So much easier to perform the learn processes after the seminar in the real world thank you. Lynn thank you there's there's there's there's proof in the pudding right. There here's a guy who came to the training followed the protocol and now he can do this stuff and. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna extrapolate pretty much anytime anywhere under any circumstance that's the whole point these skills aren't truly yours if you can only do them in the treatment room they're not truly yours if you can only do them online they're not truly yours until you can do them in a line at. Starbucks or in a car traveling at 70 miles an hour or in the in the parking lot of an. IHOP where somebody has just done going head. First you know into this the cavemen they're bleeding from the scalp.

So somebody's falling over in a seminar room and they they're in pain and. Agony and stuff and they can't get up and they can't get up and you walk over put the whammy on them and they're fine these are all true things that have happened by the way um that's what we do right. If you'd like to have the ability to be able to do full-blown therapy in the lobby of a hotel undergoing. Renovations.

Next to an active working. Jackhammer with a hundred percent success that's the level of training we do there are people on this call right. Now who were in that class right. Um.

So that's that's kind of what we're about right. Um again. I'm not trying to brag. I'm just telling you the way it is right.

You can believe me or not believe me. But that's how it is um. So let me see here brick t can you transfer your state of mind to another person when they're panicking to calm them down quickly as there's no. Theoretically yes.

But. I'm not there yet and. I don't know anybody who can do that if somebody is panicking you're probably going to visit need to physically intervene or at least verbally intervene to get them to pay attention to you okay. There are a lot as you get deeper and deeper into the.

Hermetic training there's lots of what we call. Consciousness transference uh drills and exercises in the advanced mystical trainings both. Dallas. Christian and.

Buddhist there's this thing called overshadowing where you can just envelop somebody in an energy ball and take over um. I have the trainings. But. I don't have the skill level yet.

But. I know those trainings are there and. I know what they are. I know where they are.

I even know how they work actually. But if someone's in a full-blown panic mode. I don't know if you had if you if most people would have enough juice and when. I say juice.

I mean the energetic and the energy quotient and the amplitude to actually overshadow them and get them uh in a quiescent state. So uh. I'm going to say theoretically yes. Functionally no.

Greg. T says do you have to meditate to make esoteric principles less clear cryptic like what approach should one take on reading initiation your. Medics and he's here's here's the secret to unlocking initiation into hermetics nobody's gonna like it. But this is the way it works when you get the book.

Read it at least three times cover to cover just for fun just for informational purposes to just lay the seeds in your unconscious mind and. Then what you need to do is you need to start doing the exercises is there something about how. Barden designed the book. Whether it was a spiritual intention a award that he put on them on the on the text itself.

But as you start doing the exercises if you're doing identity by. Design work vibrational influence and healing work they're the same they're the extra those are analogs to exercises in those texts as you're doing those drills every now and. Then go back to initiation randomly open the book. And read what's there and all of a sudden something that was completely impenetrable before will open up like a zip file read and absorb that information until you don't understand it anymore go back and practice and train that's how all of my inner circle people have discovered how to unlock that book.

If you're not actively engaging in the practices you're never going to get. Beyond a certain level. But if you're actually taking steps doing drills having fun and playing with the skills. Then every time you go to that book.

You're going to find something that the. Universe says you're ready for and it'll be much more accessible to you okay. I've never told anybody that we've only ever talked about that in our. Inner.

Circle. But that's kind of how it works. Yo. Mama.

I've heard someone say people that are more susceptible can be more influential because their open-mindedness allows them to be perceptive and less limited action any thoughts openness isn't as a gateway to suggestibility and. Therefore installations. So any form of openness can allow people to um be influenced more readily. Marcus.

Alexander the biggest problem with. NLP is misunderstanding the word elegant if you did the history elegant originally meant maximum effect with minimum effort people think elegant is fancy amen. Marcus sounds like something. I used to say.

I used to say to people yeah somewhere along the lines um we the. NLP. Community started trading uh eloquence for. Elegance which was which is translated as um efficiency right.

So. I. I'm in 100 agreement. Marcus avant-garde is waving their hands at me hold on a.

Second um one. Second you jumped a few a few levels here hold on uh your mama says interesting. Heather says. I love the 3X3 protocol because it mirrors.

How. I. Learned clinical skills in nursing. I've been able to hypnotize people in the most random places for the most random things amen.

Heather. Frank. Richard says hi. Dr.

David hi. Frank. Sonic chronic healing meditation says howdy. David thanks for your time today can you explain why mantock gs6 healing sounds are quiet versus the ones you've shared with pulling down the heavens and one through ten does the quiet version just take longer for sh.

I don't know what sh2 is oh six healings out all right. So this is a really. I'm gonna. I'm gonna tell you right.

Up front that. I do not know what mantoxia knows about the six healing sounds. But. I will tell you what.

I know about six healing sounds there are three levels to sound training okay. The. First level is auditory or audible sound the. Second level is sub-audible.

So if you've ever like sung under your breath like you know your favorite song you just kind of sub-vocalizing it to yourself that's the. Second level the. Third level is generating the vibe the spiritual vibration mentally and spiritually the problem is is that in order to get to that spiritual. Shen level where you can vibrate your organs and um send vibrations out you need to start with physical vibrate or the the spoken.

So there's a training process that you go through. So in my with my inner circle my megas we actually come to the the. NLP. Powerhouse uh four times a year and we actually do sound training where we start with the verbals the the physical sound the audible sound the sub audible sound and.

Then the spiritual sounds because the idea behind six healing sounds is it's not just about making the sound with your throat it's making the sound with your entire body and playing with the frequency of the of the syllable that you're working with until the specific organ system connected to that sound starts to vibrate internally okay. If you're not getting those internal organ vibrations and. I'm not just talking about your rib cage vibrating. I'm talking about if you're going to do like the liver sound your liver starts to actually physically vibrate when you're doing the uh the spleen sound you can feel your spleen and your pancreas start to vibrate and get hot right.

That's the level you should be working towards before you start working with sub-audible or inaudible sounds right. Again if you're if you want to learn more about that join our. Mega program or uh every now and. Then.

I'll put out some sound training in the uh in. The. Mastermind groups. But sound work is very powerful it's very serious work even though we do it in a fun playful way and you need somebody to guide you through that training if you want to be able to unpack what's really powerful now.

I know. Heather's done this. I don't know if there's if. I don't know if anybody else has done this.

But one of the things that we actually do is we'll take um a bottle of whiskey for example. We'll pour some whiskey in one bottle and pour whiskey in another bottle and. Then what we'll do is we'll take the one of those cups of whiskey and we'll project sound through it and dissolve all the alcohol out of the out of the fluid and. Then you taste test them.

So you can tell how powerful your purgation skills are that's actually an actual test that a bunch of us um that's part of the training there's that's one small piece after you learn to vibrate things right. So there's a lot going on. So when. I when you ask me about what man talk.

Chia is teaching versus what he knows he's teaching you something that's probably safe um. But. I don't know what he knows and what he doesn't. So.

I don't know if that makes any kind of sense right. I have a tremendous respect for the work he put out he's put out because he was putting stuff out 20 30 years ago when none of this. Dallas and esoteric stuff was available. So.

I'm his stuff was some of the very. First stuff. I ever studied. So um let's see here.

Marcus. Alexander at. Heather. Andreas 3x3 as in three two one now no.

That's different yeah. Len says. So glad you're not done. Frank.

Richard says. I have not had luck with manifestation any tips trying to do it while moving and positive minded uh. I would start doing gray room uh. Frank.

Gray room. Magic. Frame um spinning and color breathing and see what that gets you uh what's the frame game again frame game is really point to where you feel it reach out touch and make the picture bigger smaller moving over your head wrap it around you take it out throw it behind you bring it back and put it where you want it that's a it's a we've done this uh lots of times in. The.

Mastermind uh which. I highly recommend if you guys want to do. Mastermind training or you guys want more more guided training for me the probably the fastest way to do that is going to be our. Mastermind program which you can join through this channel which.

I gotta warn you um for those of you who are in the. Southern. California area or. LA area uh.

Orange. County um. I've made a. Command.

Decision that. I am going to start reactivating a lot of my get-togethers down here. So one of the things that the very. First things we're going to be doing is we're going to be reactivating the live.

Mastermind mentoring program and because of that. I'm actually going to be raising the price of. The. Mastermind program right.

Uh. So if you're in the. San. Diego area the.

Los. Angeles area or even the. Northern. California area and you want to come down you can actually now on the.

Third. Saturday of every month unless we change it due to training schedules uh come down and actually do the drills in person with me uh together you'll still be able to participate virtually. But it's time now. I think for us to get back into the real world and to make sure that people are getting the the kind of relationships and interactions with me that they want.

So if you are in the area and you are a current. Mastermind member like if you're already in at the 99 level. Then um you can come to the live event you can come to. The.

Mastermind training here in. San. Diego uh when we do it. So just letting you know.

But for new people coming in the prices are going up. So um if you want to be part of. Planet. David even a little bit when would now be a good time to kind of do that uh let's see here n a.

I watched your lecture about manifestation. I am stuck at fear from pursuing bachelor's degree what is your recommendation to find my passion major please. So are you trying to say that you want to go back to school. But you don't know what to go back for it that's what.

I'm kind of interpreting from uh from that question n a. Heather. Andrus and. Marcus.

Alexander. I am referring to the way. David teaches where you learn a process. Then do it on three people and have it done to you at least that many times.

So you can actually use them okay. All right. We're getting some. Yoda quotes in here yeah.

I. I okay. That's actually sop in the community except it's often call it's often called. ABC um.

I'm not sure you guys are still talking about the same thing. Marcus. But. Anyway yo mama can you talk about the metaphysical power of belief and conviction.

I can. But if you can give me a better question. I'll give you a better answer spintech is the frame. Game holding your state through.

State. Control not exactly the frame game is about learning to con to modulate your state and enter an exit estate through your. State. Control it's a very important piece to the state control game.

But it's not really about holding it brick. T why do. So many people go through cheating breakups if they're connected energetically because the energetic connection has nothing to do with their intentions or their desires okay. Marcus.

Alexander speaking of manifesting. I read an interesting book. Which suggests manifesting is actually not changing anything external. But shifting you in the.

Multiverse to where you your desire to 100 percent. I've said that in not those words many times 100. Bob suitcases what is the frame game. I'm new here uh.

I just answered that question um frame game is where we point to where we feel it reach out and touch it make the picture bigger make it smaller uh bring it closer move it out lift it up over your head wrap it around you take it out lift it up throw it behind you bring it back put it in the place that gives you the greatest uh feeling that you want to have that's basically how it works you can use it for anything we use it to gauge how well people can control and modulate their nervous system um. Thomas says incredible to hear and it says how do you overcome fears in pursuing higher college degree if you're ready. But scared to fail or take too long. First of all understand this that if you've got a voice in your head that's saying it's going to take too long that's the part of you that doesn't think they deserve it okay.

You're looking at a guy who didn't go back to who didn't start college until he was 38 years old like. I was a high school graduate until. I was 38 years old. I went for my associate's degree at 38. and.

Then decided to go on for my. Master's in. Oriental medicine that was. I think.

I was probably 40 41 42 when. I graduated with my master's degree right. And. Then in 2018.

I decided to go back to school for my doctorate now in 2018 what do the math. I was in my 50s early 50s right. I was just as scared as anybody else. But you know what you're gonna be whatever age you're at whether you have a degree or not is it better to have be at the age you're going to have you're going to be at with a degree or without right.

Being scared whenever you're trying something new is normal and a lot of times it's not even being scared it's just excitement that you've attached the name fear to or scared right. If it's worthwhile it's worth doing nothing is nothing fulfilling is really ever truly easy right. So. But.

I think the question you need to ask yourself isn't about what degree. I think it's what do you want to do with it why are you going back to college right. Is it is it a is it. So you'll earn more money is there a specific career you're trying to train for right.

Um is it just personal enrichment what's the priority you know what's the hierarchy of priorities that you have right. And. I'm not going to pass judgment on your priorities trust me um you know whatever gets you out of bed in the morning and gets you moving towards the things you want that's all that matters right. But you're gonna you're gonna continue to age and get older physiologically or indoor chronologically the question becomes when you hit that age what are you going to have to show for it and how are you going to feel about you right.

At the end of the day it's really about how we feel about ourselves that determines whether we looked at our life as being a success or not right. Anyway somebody there needed to hear that. I'm not sure who. Marcus a brick.

T what happens when you put two like two poles a minute okay. There's a lot of conversations going on here uh let's see here na says. I want to teach. Then teach.

Avon says. Ah really. David yeah yeah. I didn't yeah 38 years old no.

Wait. I'm sorry. I got my math wrong that's 33. I graduated.

Acupuncture school in my 40s or close to 40. light workers saying belief systems okay. Uh. I don't what about belief systems light worker 37 hell no. 37 is not too late.

God no. Let me tell you something you know when it's too late when they put you in the ground that's how. I feel about it if there's something you want if there's something that will make your life more fulfilling do it figure out what needs to happen and make those things happen. James says oh.

I am definitely not qualified to be here who says hi. David on. Magic. Frame the knob for brightness gets got stuck.

I couldn't turn it all the way to one side. I was wondering your input on it um play with the size shape and location turn it as far to one side as you can and. Then practice spray painting over it try that. I want guard do you.

David you look. Young this is amazing to hear thanks for sharing no. You're very welcome. Marcus.

Alexander says at. James burn your human that's sufficient to qualify you yep avant-garde says. I get anxious when. I look.

At how long it will take. But when. I stay present day to day. I find it flows much more nice and going back to school for.

All the. Above. Bravo my friend. Heather says.

I am in school at 48. yeah. I'm. I'm curious now now you got me wanting to do math hold on a. Second um let me just figure out how young was.

I hold on a. Second that's not helpful. I'll figure this out in a minute calendar a calculator. Okay.

So let's see. I was 20 23. I was born in 1966. So.

I'm 57. So let's do it this way. Then. So.

I would probably have been 20 19. minus six six. I was 53. when. I got my when. I graduated from my doctorate program.

So do the math for those of you who are. Felix you know too late. I don't know how to apply the. CPI to door-to-door sales oh that's easy.

First you do is get their attention and. Then ask them a question right. And that question is usually going to be um. I'm curious why you let me in today right.

And. Then ask. I'm curious what's important to you about. XYZ right.

Know what you want control your state get report the subject use your language skills to manage the state of the subject find out what process they use to make a buying decision what's emotionally important to them about that emotionally. Bond what they want the exact aspects of your product or service that you offer and just keep revisiting it and telling stories and painting pictures about how that's going to be great for them until they decide to buy right. I had a door-to-door. Salesman.

Joe mumber. I think it was um he upped his closing rate using. CPI by 40 he would literally or was it was it. Joe.

I think. Joe does plumbing supplies anyways the guy who literally went door-to-door selling. Home. Improvements he upped his closing rate by 40 from using.

CPI another guy in. Australia he was a children's book. Salesman and he would go from elementary school to elementary school to elementary school he up to his conversion rate by like 30 percent okay. Then he says.

I feel amazing when. I teach at college level especially when working as a tutor okay. Good good good. Nana says wow you really gave me hope.

Rick. T says what's the trick to deuces what's the oh what's the trick to doing the system a wave apart from being relaxed it's awkward you have to be able to have your joints move in sequence with um a fascial connection that is as if there's a phenomena that happens in the body called biotensegrity which happens when your tailbone is activated and um your spine is in alignment and. Then all of a sudden the joints will flow if you want to learn how to do that um secrets of internal power is coming up. October 26 to the 29th 2023 here in.

San. Diego we're going to devote an entire day to. Systema ground flow internal work wave mechanics and it's for people who don't have any martial arts training. So if you want to learn it um if you want.

I'll post a link. So you can go to www .nlp power.com forward slash events and sign up for the internal power training okay. In fact oh. I just you're here how many people here by let me skip down to the bottom really quick how many of you here buy a show of hands are actually interested in like self-defense energy training stuff like that if you're interested in it please type me in the chat because.

I got some stuff. I just did this today uh for the previous attendees if there's enough people interested. I'll post the information here for you as well uh let's see here. Ivanka says.

I always feel. So much better when. I come to these streams good that's my goal. I want you guys to come away from every time we get together my my heart's desire is for you to come away empowered to understand or or to experience what's possible for you the only way.

I can do that is to try and make my life as much of an example of what that looks like as possible now none of you are going to go out and buy vests and do what. I do. But the idea is. I want you to see what's possible for you.

I if you could see you sounds. So weird if you could see yourselves the way. I see you. So much power.

So much potential. So much. Magic. But you've been fed.

So many lines of and limiting beliefs and and and and stuff right. There's. So much power in you and. I just want you to tap into that because once you tap into it and you experience it there'll be no.

Stopping now everybody some people are quantum leapers some people are baby steppers right. You know in any in any population you're gonna have the superstars the people who just take to it like adapt to water. But that's not. I had this conversation with one of my clients the other day.

But that's not how. I design my programs. I designed my program. So people like.

Homer. Simpson could someday become. Jedi right. And if it can work for the.

Homer. Simpsons of the world. Then it can work for everybody else and that's kind of how. I look.

At it that being said the people who gravitate to. Planet. David are extraordinarily kind uh very smart and very no. BS kind of people.

So. I kind of appreciate that um. Anyway let's see uh. Rhino.

God says. I have a question how can you make it easier to get someone to join your company find out what they most emotionally need and want link it to the aspects of your company that directly satisfy those emotional needs keep them connected to it over and over and over again until they just say yes. I want that how effective are your informations and modifying one's body such as height increase can it be used to treat. ADD.

Revelation. I do not know and the reason. I say that is because no. One's ever done that no.

One's ever reported to me uh on using informations for that application now here's what. I will tell you there are people in the world who've successfully used hypnosis to modify certain physical attributes breasts breast size. I have a colleague of mine who lives in. San.

Diego here and that's that's actually her her superpower is she can hypnotically and she teaches this. But she can hypnotically modify her bust size she can have an expand she can grow it and she can shrink it right. Using hypnosis now if that's possible through classical hypnosis which is what she's doing most of the time if you replace classical hypnotic suggestion with suggestions in the structure of the informations you're going to start to. Marshal more of the body's resources to create those changes.

So while. I have not had. Direct experience modifying using information's forth like height increase and stuff like that. I do know that the information structure has a much more powerful effect on a human being's nervous system than classical hypnotic suggestions the way their normally taught.

So. I hope that answers your question uh nikolaki says. I was 42 when. I went back to college.

CSUN for a. Second ba in religious studies. I went on to receive my. Master's in religious studies as 49 when.

I graduated from. Long. Beach. State.

Phi. Kappa. Phi yeah baby uh let's see nikolaki says it was all about personal enrichment and driven by overcome my dyslexia if. I can do it.

So can you of course you can right. Person out personally even with persuasion superpowers. I'm very glad all of my uni got done before higher education yeah yeah it's it's it is what it is you know. I'm grateful for what.

I got when. I got it um. Patty. Pacifico says homer.

So there is hope for me you gotcha baby you gotcha um. David how do you know that the thing in front of you is what you manifested like especially in relationships where things could turn out different you evaluate how it makes you feel you know based on how you've done your manifestations how many boxes does it check now remember that no. Matter how comprehensive our manifestation process might be there will always be things we didn't count on there will always be things we left out of the equation or as is often the case as we pull the person in that's what we manifested their mission is to trigger in us all the things that we still need to change to become worthy to have them right. So there's lots of different ways or different lessons.

So start with what's in front of you how many boxes does it check and. Then always be testing when you become certain that what you manage what you manifested is in front of you take it off your list. So you don't de-manifest it. Marcus says at.

Patty never be overly sad about understanding the suchness of any situation. I can't remember for the the. Japanese. I don't understand that commentary an emotional need.

Freedom safety security acceptance um validation again um you would have to do. I haven't done much research on that. Marcus. I'll be upfront.

I don't know. I believe it's possible um. But. I have never done it.

I've never had a client that wanted to do it. So again. I tell you what. I know and what.

I don't uh let's see here. Len says just use resistance removal technique convince my wife to go to a. Def. Leppard cover band show tonight you go boy congratulations it's powerful huh shouldn't work as easy as it does.

But it does hi. David which of your courses can. I recommend a non-practitioner that give the base. NLP exercises like you do in training start with identity by.

Design oh well actually wait a minute. Patty what do you what's their chosen application where do they want to use these skills you can tell me where they want to use the skills. I can give you better information you guys having a good time you're learning a lot of stuff did we lose people or because all of a sudden things slowed down a little bit oh we're getting. Hearts yay hearts you guys never really answered me about the.

Systema training. David says what is your major well my doctorate is a. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine uh and the doctor.

I'm currently working on well. I actually got two going right. Now. I'm working on a doctorate in.

Chinese energetic medicine which is basically medical. Qigong and. I'm also working on getting certified as a uh. Buddhism teacher who.

I'm going to be a. Buddhist llama in about two years give or take uh teaching the esoteric stuff as well. So. Antron says.

I'm still here have you in my ear while. I'm cooking. Marcus says always enjoy you mate enjoy your back. Liam says yes.

Learned a lot. Patty that would be for people who need to rewire their brains from child to overcome okay. So you're looking at the therapy track or coaching track. So identity by.

Design or secrets of personal transformation this is the. Russian system that's best yes. Now remember that uh the. Systema that the.

Spetsnaz. Learned was actually a modern version of something that was very that actually comes from some classical. Cossack and. Siberian martial arts as well.

So there is a little bit more history to it than just the. Cold. War era that says there are about a dozen knees for the. Systema.

I didn't. I didn't see any of them right. Okay. So guys here's the deal uh for those of you who answered yes.

For. Systema here's what. I'm gonna do um. I've only got about maybe 10 slots that.

I could open up for you guys. So here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna post two things for you uh. First is hold on a.

Second. David. Snyder that's not what. I want um.

I'm gonna post the sign up page for you. But. I'm also going to do something for you guys only the those of you on the on the um. Be.

Live tonight. So the the training the. Systema training and and the rest. So the.

First day is going to be devoted completely to systemic and energetic internal work day two three and four is going to be pressure point applications uh structural structural attacking the structure uh and small joint manipulation techniques um. So that's what's going to be happening um this is the link to sign up for that training here in. San. Diego now here's the deal this training is going to fill up fast.

I'm just starting to promote it now we've already got like 10 people uh we usually. Max it out at 30. So here's what's going to happen because. I love you because you hang out you're hanging out with me on a.

Saturday if you click that link right. Now and you type in secrets zero zero four. I think that's. I think that's the coupon code that's a secret code that we're giving to to people it will get give you a 300 discount on the entire four-day seminar okay.

So if you click the link go to see. Secrets four. So what. I'm gonna do.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna come back and answer questions. But just. So people know what.

I'm talking about. I'm gonna actually share my screen and we're gonna walk through this process. So you know how it works okay. So.

I'm gonna go here to uh. David. Snyder. Events.

I'm going to click on the sign up now link. So you'll see this click add to cart and you'll see here it says secrets of internal power 997 if you type in secrets zero zero four apply the coupon it's going to give you a 300 discount. So you can get the entire four-day training for 697 bucks this is the lowest training this is the least expensive. I ever do trainings.

So if you're interested like. I know. David was asking about some of those some of the different system works. David's is a hardcore system a guy um avant-garde was asking about systemic work and body structures and things like that this is going to be the fastest way for you to get um an in a deep dive into you don't need to be a martial artist to do this all you've got to do is click the link and we will teach you what you need to know uh from.

Soup. To. Nuts okay. So once again the coupon code is secrets zero zero four right.

I just wanted to share that with you guys um and let's get back to our regularly scheduled program. So let's see do you know of any practitioners or sources use hypnosis to increase height. I do not um. Marcus.

Alexander speaking of pressure points related matters is. Dr lotterette still with us no. Unfortunately. Dr lacharette passed away maybe four or five months ago in.

May. I believe is when he passed he's not with us anymore. But he was brilliant too. I still teach his speed hitting stuff in fact um back when.

I. First started learning. I learned his speed hitting training back in the early 90s and when. I had my martial arts school.

I actually made the speed hitting part of the. Greenbelt curriculum. So my green belts were actually able to hit people like 9 10 11 12 times in less than a. Second on pressure points uh my guys were really dangerous um.

But that's that's a long time. But true story. But yeah. John.

Thomas okay. Anyway uh let's see here uh let's see ground 77. David. I think you can earn much more with tickets costing less you should do it as a monthly subscription not sure what what uh we're actually talking about ground.

But okay. Marcus says thanks yeah it was a big loss. I'll be honest with you. I.

I of all that all of all the mentors. I've had there's only one person that. I've ever trained with in person less than. Dr lotterette and that was counter.

Cleveland um. I've managed to train with. Dr. Lotter a couple of times in person at some of the hunic conventions.

But in terms of his effect and his impact on my life and my attitude um completely changed everything if it wasn't for docs docs trainings. I would know half as much about. NLP that. I knew.

Then um. I wouldn't know how to understand marketing and copywriting and all these things to the same degree that. I would and it was directly because of. Dr.

La. Tourette's work that. I discovered things like speed seduction and. Mark cunning and uh real.

Renegade hypnosis and all these other things because. So many of those people believe it or not actually traced what they did through him it was it was how. I discovered from that from the speed hitting to the speed seduction was a very funny story um because. I actually came across speed to the speed seduction this was in the early early 90s.

I was in. I was living in. Florida at the time and. I had discovered.

Dr lacharette's secrets of speed hitting course in. Black. Belt. Magazine and it was basically secrets of speed hitting how to hit a man 11 or more times in one.

Second or less and. I fell in love with that ad and. I was like. I want to do that and.

So. I. I whipped out my 60 my my credit card. I whipped out to 67 bucks.

I bought the course and the. First 20 minutes all he did was talk about pressure points from from. George. Dillman and how neuro-linguistic programming was used to make speed hitting work two things.

I was in the in the. Deep level into boom same guy and how he used it all uh for. Speed hitting and. I was like.

I just. I just dove in right. And. So after after getting that course and diving into the videos.

I wanted to see if. I could find him online this is back in the early early days of the internet and. I typed in uh secrets of speed hitting right. And all of a sudden this website pops up says secrets of speed seduction how to how to make a how to get a woman to sleep with you in like 20 minutes or less and.

I was like what the f is this and. So. I started reading the sales letter and as. I read the sales letter it was the speed hitting sales letter aimed at seduction.

I was like what what's going on here and. So and. So uh. I called.

I called um. I think it was straightforward there was a company putting it out and. I said hey do you guys ever hear a guy named. John lacharette because your your stuff's reach an awful lot like like.

Dr. Lodge yeah we love him we love his stuff right. It turns out that they used that the original speed seduction sales letter was modeled off the. Speed hitting uh sales letter and when.

I typed in secrets of speed. X. Google did its magic and poof the rest is history right. He copied the marketing oh yeah that's exactly that's true story.

I was a lurker in both of those communities for decades. I never got him actively involved in a lot of it. But. I.

I know where all the skeletons were buried. I knew who slept with who who over who you know it was an interesting time. I call that was. I call that my.

Darth. Snyder age um is there a way to heal tinnitus yes. There are several ways to heal it. But it really depends on what kind of tinnitus you have uh that pizza lesbian 69 says.

I noticed there's more than one version of vibrations website which is the newest. I for your applications. I would recommend the vibrational influence. United.

Kingdom. Syria. I think it was done in 2019 that's got two full bonus days of material vibrational influence is usually a three-day class when. I went to the.

UK. I taught a five-day version. So there's stuff in there that. I haven't taught anywhere else there will be one coming out there will be one coming out that is a seven day we did it.

Last year in. Costa. Rica and it's basically a vibrational influence. Master.

Class it's just has full. Reiki and uh in uh treatments uh how to use the mental body to to make your fingers uh unable to create to like you you do this little technique and now no. Matter how people hard people try they can't pull your fingers apart how to make people heavier lighter tap into the elements kabbalistic meditations that's all coming out in vibrational influence. Costa.

Rica it's a seven day training. I'm not sure exactly uh when that will be out. So in the interim um get the vibrational influence. UK it's probably one of the best best versions of the course we've done to date and released.

So that's what. I would get. X fat. Batman.

X says. I'll ask again is there a fast way to overcome a breakup it's really hard for me to always think about her and. I don't want to feel this miserable. So the.

First thing you want to do that is you want to actually regress the cause even though the the breakup happened now it's connected to things in your past as you dissolve those things in the past the energy connected to the present breakup is going to dissolve and dissipate the. Next thing you want to do is. Magic. Frame the breakup right.

So you preserve any safety lessons that you might have for wanting to feel bad or guilty or go back into that relationship. Then you want to use the resistance removal formula on yourself say if you were to want to get over this and put it behind you why might you want to do that follow the resistance removal protocol and. Then scan your body point to where you feel it take it out spin it in the opposite direction or the or in the direction it gives you the feeling you want to have instead put it back in okay. That's a bunch of processes that you can use and some of them you can actually see that application um on.

YouTube channel if you go to my. YouTube channel and you type in how to cure or how to heal a broken heart you'll actually see me doing a spinning technique on somebody who just got broken up with. But. I would do the entire sequence of techniques.

I just rattled off and. Then with the spinning technique okay. David likes to do cool things with cool people according to. David that's true.

Mr. Nye says hi. David thank you. So much.

I've been watching these and raising of the hands for a few minutes has been helping good good good good good great name hold on a. Second uh let's see here uh. Marcus says. I'm glad.

I asked that's a fascinating bit of. History yeah please tell us some ways to heal tinnitus color breathing. Magic. Frame energy spinning regression to cause um relaxing more tonifying your liver tonifying your kidneys what is the best kabbalistic book.

You recommend it really depends on what you want to do and a okay. If you tell me more about what you want to be able to do. I can give you more about which book. To pick up because.

I have a couple uh. Aldo zamudio entrainment excellent. Second entrainment experience was listen to podcasts wanted a guy to finish it felt this tingling in a chakra under the belly button and. Crown chakra the maximum.

I said okay. There's no. Question there um what's the way to change your state immediately after getting. Round.

Up change your posture change your breathing step back in that order uh. Aldo says imagine with him saying goodbye. I swear you said goodbye okay. Um paid to lesbian 69 says.

I use spinning to get rid of my caffeine addiction worked super well boom there it is right. It's crazy huh. Batman says thanks very much. I'll look.

It up. I'm going to bed now it's almost 3. A.M here in. Germany wow everybody give him a thumbs up.

Germany's in the house you you sleep good my friend have you heard. Justin's asking have you heard of. Kundalini syndrome yes. I have all right.

You guys have any questions about how many of you guys are into law of attraction or manifestation anybody. Netherlands in the house. Netherlands yes. But.

Patty says. I may not know or understand 90 of what you say. Dr. David.

But every time. I'm here. I. I learn at least three amazing bits of knowledge and become better thank you you're very welcome.

Patty what if the feeling is outside of your body doesn't matter what will happen is when you start taking that feeling and and processing it the feeling will start to migrate back into your body and that's when you know you're getting closer to resolution okay. So here's the deal um. August 20 hold on a. Second.

Seth what's uh what are the dates on hidden. Laws of. Attraction oh 22nd to the 24th hold on a. Second.

So. August 22nd to 24th here in. San. Diego we'll be hosting our.

Next hidden. Laws of. Attraction video our course this is live how many people here like the video on the manifestation master or crash course. I posted you guys like that um does image cycling.

I am an offspin of spinning the color with my hands not sure. But that means um no. Justin image cycling does not require strong visual sub modality it just requires you to know what you're imagining. Okay.

So we've got a three day live hidden. Laws of. Attraction and here's what. I'm going to do for you guys.

I want to fill this. I want to fill this training. I've got a few seats left. So here's what.

I'm going to do for those of you who want to join me in. San. Diego why my website's slow. I'll get there eventually.

Anyway um there we go. I'm gonna post this link. I'm gonna post the links for the. Systema class as well as hidden.

Laws of. Attraction and what. I'm going to do for you guys um for hidden laws. I'm going to put another coupon code um for hidden laws.

So for those of you who want to come to. Hidden laws live. August 22nd to the 24th. I'm going to put a coupon code in there for um well we'll do another 300.

So we'll take 300 off um and you can join us live and get the full manifestation. Mastery training how to clear your how to program your your subconscious mind how to install the five characteristics all. Lucky people have how to turn water into wine. I'm sorry that's that's the advanced class we'll turn to teach you how to magically or energetically charge water for healing and remote influence applications will teach you how to do all three levels of the information process and.

So much more okay. So if that's something you guys want to do [Music] um um. I haven't made the coupon code up for uh hidden laws yet. But.

I did. I did do the hidden laws book. Uh code. So.

I will post both the links for the trainings and the coupon codes in the description section of the. AMA and. So you got and it'll be it'll be available for like until. Monday or.

Tuesday and. Then. I'm gonna take it down um because. I want you guys.

I want to. I want to just say thank you guys for for being supportive and and for liking what we do and to give you guys a chance to really come out and um you know take your skills to the. Next level one-on-one with me the way we do it um rhino. God searches how can you.

Last longer in bed two things a uh get forever my forever man course be get um mental chia's book. Secrets to cultivating male sexual energy and you'll have all the skills and drills that you need uh to train yourself to. Last longer and longer and longer in bed um let's see here suggestions on releasing extra weight. Vanessa.

First thing. I would do is um. Magic. Frame color breathe.

Spin and. Then regress to cause. So for weight loss. Magic.

Frame color breathe and. Then spin and when the opportunity presents itself get someone to do regression with you also your informations will work really well to help amplify the trainings those things will help you lose weight and a. David any kabbalistic books on. Law of.

Attraction manifestation. Okay. So for n a you're going to want to. First read.

Franz. Barton initiation into hermetics and do those drills. Then you want to get the 72 names. AKA the 72 names of.

God right. Those will be the two books you're going to need if you real if you're really serious about using. Kabbalah um for manifestation those are the two books all right. Any other questions all right.

Well like. I said um if you're interested in. Hidden laws if you're interested in again this is just for you guys you guys who are on the on the. AMA today.

So once again if you haven't clicked the links if you haven't clicked the links do it now right. Once again um let me see if. I can just scroll up really quick and just cut and paste these without too much of a hassle um let's see here. So for those of you coming for a sequence of internal power.

So if those are the martial arts or a magical training manifestation bent um here's what you need click this link right. Now and. Then the coupon code is secrets for all right. And.

Then hloa is here all right. Well in the words of the immortal calibernet. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long good night my friends have a great weekend. I will see you. Next week for whenever. I show up you never know when.

I'm gonna show up. But. I'll start trying to post uh some little email blasts and stuff if you if you enjoyed today's. AMA please like and share pass it to all your friends click those links click the coupon code save 300 bucks come and train with me in person.

So. I can get these skills into you where they truly belong good night.
