Title: 89FMv5NAOgM.txt
Video Id: 89FMv5NAOgM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89FMv5NAOgM

NLP strategies all these things that. I open loops on right. The type of hypnosis that. I do has evolved over the years it's become very body centered and what.

I mean by that is the more we get the body engaged and interacting with the hypnotic constructs that we create the more rapidly pervasively and completely people change as a hypnotist as a neuro-linguistic programmer our domain is supposed to be the subconscious or unconscious can never spell that word [Laughter] right. I usually say other than conscious mind otm for short right. Huh well other than conscious mind to me because of course you are you're. Next other than conscious.

Minds. So. I divide the mind of arbitrarily into segments and components based on what it handles um. But the whole the whole um complex of that we call the other than conscious mind right.

And remember the conscious mind really isn't the bad guy although as hypnotists and neuro-linguistic programmers we tend to make it out to be that way the critical faculty and the conscious mind have a place right. And most of the processes that we do we send the conscious mind out for coffee or pizza right. In a lot of the processes that you're going to be learning and working with they're actually going to be utilizing the critical faculty within an unconscious construct you're going to be creating an interface in which all of the levels of the neurology all the divisions of the nervous system can communicate and interact with complete understanding and. Synergy which is how we're supposed to work the problem is is that we borrowed way too much.

Outlook. And approaches to the unconscious mind from psychology and and. Sciences if you've ever noticed that most of the divisions in. Psychology and the.

Sciences don't even talk to each other the microbiologists don't talk to the the astrophysicists or the the neurophysicists or whatever words they use right. They don't talk to each other and. So what you get is you get a reductionist approach to how everything works we compartmentalize everything. But that's not how the human being is organized yes.

We have divisions. But they're interactive they're interconnected and they're designed to work that way. But our approach is largely are reductionist we separate the conscious from the unconscious the. Mind from the body the emotions from the rationale we separate everything and as we do we put we progressively weaken and lengthen the time and energy we've increased the amount of energy it takes to get change and we lessen the efficiency of that change my job my research over the years for my studies in oral medicine.

NLP hypnosis energetics hermetics yes. I'm a weirdo right. Has shown me consistently over and over and over again that the neurology works best when everything is working at the same time. Richard bandler is famous for saying people have the problems they have because they confuse remembering with thinking and.

Then he teaches he proceeds to show you utilizing. NLP how to think how to take a process that your neurology has recovered it recorded and encoded in a certain way and using the modalities that. NLP discovered thinking through it and deciding as a deliberate. Act how to store and reprocess that just that process that information one of the and and at the time.

NLP was accepted it was brilliant still is brilliant. But. So were cell phones in the 1980s how many have a cell phone with them now they bought in the 1980s why they work right. Right.

We need to start thinking differently we need different models and metaphors for how to run our neurology here's a principle. I want you to get write it down tattoo it on the inside of your eyelids people instinctively inherently automatically create technology that mirrors the way they think people instinctively automatically inherently create technology that mirrors the way they think specifically in how they use it right. Instinctively automatically and inherently that's an adverb adjective presupposition by the way three in the front two in the back or one in the back instinctively automatically and inherently you can you can change the order any way you want and by the way when. I use ly words you won't remember them.

So you have to keep repeating them that's one of the seven most powerful language patterns adver adjective presupposition okay. Makes what's your list what's your what you're listening to extremely. Pleasant enforces your internal representations to be exactly what. I want them to be while spontaneously causing amnesia that's how it works.

I could repeat the same exact phrase over and over again or. I could change it three different times you wouldn't have to tell the difference right. That's the power of the adverb adjective presupposition most of the the seven most powerful language patterns that we use have that effect you'll get the message you'll get the installation. But you'll lose the words which allows me to repeat the same words several times and it'll sound like the new time every time new thing every time or.

I can say differently right. These are again things. I use every single day they're common everyday parts of speech that make what we do either more or less compelling right. So how does that relate to feelings in the body it doesn't uh no.

It's easy everything relates. But the secret now is we need to change even as hypnotists we need to start accepting that. NLP gave us a lot more than just the structure of subjective. Human.

Experience although it did do that it gave us another form of hypnosis that targets the building blocks of our experience the bricks and mortar that create the memories in the movies that we carry around in and it hinted at something deeper it hinted at it that the human neurology is holographic and holonomic and fractal in nature everybody knows here knows how a hologram works or how they make one any science nerds want to stand up and explain go ahead. Seth. I know you just want to stand up and have a moment of attention [Laughter] well the basic idea of a hologram is that all of the information is encoded in any part of it. So if you take a hologram and project it you have a beautiful queer picture of something if you cut it in half you have the picture of the whole thing.

But it's a little fuzzier and if you take just a little corner you have an extremely fuzzy picture. But still of the entire thing very good thank you a big round of applause [Applause] how does that relate to the human nervous system yes. Dean. I think many people understood this they understood it.

But they had a different word for it remember we're using words based on the. Technologies and the cultures that we have one of the things that. NLP gave us when you embrace the philosophy of. NLP rather than the techniques of.

NLP. NLP and even though this is a hypnosis class there's. So much. NLP in it is you can't tell where one begins on the other end because.

NLP is just another form of hypnosis and anybody who tells you different is full of right. They don't know their stuff they don't know what they're talking about right. But it does it's like it's like the the proverbial elephant the tail or the ear right. They're both part of something much greater which is the holographic universe that we live in the holographic nature of the neurology or both content and structure interacts simultaneously and everything is part of a much larger language the language of the nervous system right.

When we think of. Nerf. NLP we think of the spoken words that we use and how and how it relates to or the structure of our experience. But.

I want you to think of. NLP in a different way now the language of the nervous system and how that language of the nervous system can be translated into our physical spoken words and that's a big distinction because if the nervous system itself has a language what is it how does it work what's the. Lexicon what's the. Rosetta.

Stone if you will and how the hell does that relate to feelings right. So we're going to go deep into what. I call the grid. Next because it's important to understand and how it relates to what we're going to see in the gray room you see when.

I learned the gray room. I didn't have this understanding it wasn't until. I got the spinning download several days. Later that the.

Universe downloaded the. Rosetta. Stone. I would need to unpack this whole holographic thing it took.

Me. I could tell you the whole origin story. But again. I wanna.

I wanna drill yourself yes. No. Right. I've been reading about it.

NLP what about the people who are learning. English as a. Second language like. I really sometimes.

I have to wonder do. I speak. English because that's my internal representation of the actual language or is it different when. I am my my mother like um if you're talking about standard.

NLP that everybody learns. NLP has a strong. English bias because that's where it was derived when you're talking about the language of the nervous system that distinction goes away because you all have the same nervous system you all come hardwired for this language you're using it all the time. NLP gave you the introduction to it the language of the nervous system.

I often call this the building blocks of thought. I asked people what are your thoughts made out of and. I get all kinds of really cool answers and they always miss the big one. First of all yes.

Your thoughts are and. I'm going to answer it for you because. I don't want to play games right. Now.

I'm just not in the mood right. Now. I wanna. I wanna.

I wanna give you some meat. I just want to download it into you yes. Your thoughts are energy yes. There is a endocrine and hormonal con asked component to your thoughts.

But the language of the nervous system distills down to five major elements thank you visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory period you say well what about intuition how do you know when you have an intuition. I feel it right. When you have that intuition where do you feel it oh right. Here oh it's in your body a.

Feeling in your body regardless of what. NLP wants to teach you or tries to convince you of the most powerful force in the human body the most powerful modality is the kinesthetic modality feelings nothing happens until you have a feeling your clients are going to be your clients because there's a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of yes. They may make pictures in their head yes. They may have voices in their head they may even sometimes have smells or tastes.

But that's not what cooks the rice because what really gets them motivated what really gets them in your chair is the way that picture or that voice or that smell or that taste makes them feel period here's the best part every feeling that you have a location in your body in the world according to. David we call that the somatic address that's where all of the information taken in through your five senses parsed by the cortexes of your brain and reconstructed as a holographic representation of experience of vibrational data manifests and you act accordingly here's the upshot if you could point to it you can change it you can unpack the hologram and you can rewrite it now when we think. NLP we think hypnosis we get this at one level here's the part where it gets really cool all of this has an energetic vibrational reality all of this has an energetic vibrational reality to it which is also kinesthetic by the way there you can divide that reality of that phenomena it's not just an illusory construct it's a container and a dimensional phenomena okay. The interactions you can think and again if this doesn't resonate with your world view don't use it just think of it as hypnosis and hallucinations it'll work just as well it'll work just as well you don't need to embrace this model for these things to work okay.

But you'll be amazed at the distinct difference in the degree of change that you get when you do okay. I have done a lot of hypnosis. I've done a lot of. NLP.

I have never seen the physiological responses that a person generates when you apply this model how many people have done spinning how many people have done spinning on someone who broke out in a sweat right. After you spun it how many hypnosis interventions have you done that have that caused that just spinning right. Twitching right. Right.

They did. Grandma spending that right. My point is the the level of somatic or engagement that you have adds amplitude to the change work the biggest part of your subconscious mind is your body and yet in the vast majority of our interventions what's the body doing nothing think about it even when you're doing. NLP what do you you're talking to them they're making pictures they're moving around what's their body doing nothing what do you think happens when you get the body involved you engage the other 85 percent remember.

I said remember when we were a little kid playing pretend you picked up the stick and when you. First picked it up you knew consciously it was just a stick or it was just a broom for the. First five minutes six and a half minutes. Later it's a real gun.

There's real cowboys and. Indians and you're fully engaged and your body's involved get the body involved and it won't matter what the conscious mind wants you will it will create massive massive absorption and the moment you have massive absorption you have all of the system integrated focused on an interface that every division is doing its job for a defined outcome and the change happens rapidly now you don't need to know all that. But it helps to understand that the things that you're doing aren't just imagination they're not just imagination and when you get the somatic component engaged literal magic happens and it doesn't matter what the application is doesn't matter. I've done this for.

Erotic. Hypnosis. I've done this with therapeutic hypnosis. I've done this for blasting or changing or enhancing just about everything you can think of.

So remember. I call it point-and-click therapy if you can point to it you can change it now every now and. Then you'll get somebody who doesn't know where they feel it. But they do they'll go.

I don't feel anything. I don't know where. I feel it [Music] how many were not even paying attention to that right. It's in plain sight remember everything we do is a hologram have you ever seen those little.

Tauruses those energetic. Tauruses that people draw around us when they're talking about heart math or chakras or whatever each of those fields is like a filing cabinet when we talk about the aura we talk about the electro. I never talk about the aura by the way except in disparaging terms why. Well because most people who talk about energy don't know what the they're talking about you start asking what energy is this and what energy.

I think it's energy right. It's just it's too vague we can't prove this stuff we can prove you have appropriate deceptive nervous system we can prove you have mirror neurons you can't argue with that does that negate the ability of the aura unknown. But we can't really prove a you know a nebulous cloud of colored lights falling around us that's not really useful on a tactical level unless you're one of those gifted. Interiors right.

Which the problem with being a gift of intuitive is that you're intuitive which means by definition you can't teach what you know right. Unless you're intuitive which in case you just kind of sit there and look. At you're going yeah. I get it and everybody else is going what the.

So we're going to talk about the gray room now and why all you're going to see all these components coming together in the gray room you don't need to know it all. But. I've already just loaded it into the system. So it's there.

Anyway. So just forget about it it's there enjoy it right. It's not like. I install things unconsciously or anything this is where again the process is if you were to see them in a script form would just make your body your butt pucker up and run off to.

Maui. So we're not going to do it that way. So the gray room is very very simple you induce. So you have your induction you deepen you create a construct now my favorite.

I learned this from. Jerry kind. I don't. I don't think he invented it either whoever invented the gray who should get a.

Nobel. Prize. I've used this thing on cancer. I've used this thing on knee problems and knee injuries.

I use this thing that's not fear of flying. I've used these things on pretty much anything you can imagine it can easily be a primary intervention as well as a general negativity clearing technique it's extremely versatile you create a dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls in the center of the room it's a little fire pit a big fireplace running for the details are up to you. I'm going to suggest that aside from the primary faculty components of the room you give your subject permission to fill it up the way they want to and you'll see when. I start riffing you'll see you'll hear me do this for those of you who don't just jump into trans and hijack it when.

I start talking and. I just start describing things in a hypnotic way what's that being. David yeah yes. Daniel dome-shaped room with pearly gray walls yeah very neutral.

But very smooth you know it doesn't have to be gray that's how. I learned it. So that's what. I use right.

If it ain't if it ain't broke. I don't fix it you may sometimes clients break my. I gotta fix it which is where my cool stuff comes from right. Dome-shaped room with pearly.

Grace 12 with a beautiful roaring warm fire each of these is a resource that you could use to install or remove. Trails they're all mechanisms of change right. But don't overthink it at this point get the big picture. First get comfortable with the process and.

Then innovate all you want create a construct fire can be in the middle. I use this in the center it's a beautiful beautiful fire pit with a big roaring fire now. I don't say a black and white marble fire pit with a beautiful lace uh you know folk that's too that's too distinctive you've got to be descriptive without being um specific thank you okay. So that's where the art comes in right.

A lot of ways that you can actually start to kind of do the work with this is to ask yourself is there any conceivable way that the person hearing this could disagree with it before you speak it right. You got to think about this cognitively. First when you're giving suggestions. But when.

I think about giving us a description of something right. I have to start finding ways that it could not match their internal experience and. Then. I have to remove those before.

I speak it yes. Michael. I think. Epiphany just happened right.

You went ah yeah and again you'll know that right. Away right. Because they're going and you'll change right. This also ties in with the adjective ad or presupposition yeah and say it.

First it can't be wrong because they're following right. We haven't gotten to that component yet. But what what. Seth was saying if you if you use the adverb adjective presupposition effectively using it as it's designed to be used hypnotically their internal experience can't be different than what you describe most people don't use them effectively and.

So they wind up getting all generating all kinds of mental friction which is that that feeling of cognitive dissonance or effort that you feel every time you have to back up your internal representation change it and move forward again all bad writing has that structure yes. Stephen. I just want to touch back you always say in a moment and never in a minute yeah in a moment right. Because in inside a moment can be forever right.

Like that. Bagger. Vance movie just a moment ago. I'm old never mind all right.

So as they enter the room the. First thing they see is a beautiful orange or orange fire pit. I like to use orange orange has very special significance in my energetic world you don't have to use orange remember what. I'm giving you is a guideline don't get hung up on the details you can fix it you're a hypnotist as.

I look. Around the room around the room what they see are what look. Like colored squares now do. I say picture frames do.

I say. Post-it notes do. I say uh television sets yeah right. Colored squares could be anything and.

Then. I'll say some people seek top notebook. Paper some people see. Post-it notes some see people see postcards some people people even see ceramic tiles or wooden tiles that they can take down and break up and utilize in whatever way they want.

So. I create the global idea of what it could be and. Then. I give them ideas.

But. However it manifests for you is perfectly okay. You always give them the permission to do it their way you give them the global idea and. Then let them do what you want their way colony absolutely the more things.

I can make them fill in or cause them to fill in the less resistance. I get and that is the skill that is the skill okay. And what. I say is as you look.

Around you notice on the wall are colored squares you instinctively intuitively realize that one set of squares represent all the wonderful powerful positive resources that you have all the things that make you feel strong confident worthy deserving loving powerful capable whatever adjectives you want to throw in there while the other set of squares represent all the things that make you feel less than positive all the things that hold you back all the things that make you feel worryful afraid or fearful less than confident less than worthy less than deserving they're all there too things you consciously understand and remember and things you unconsciously understand they're on that wall too if they're on that wall they're cleared for removal awaiting that time when guided with the right. Expertise and the right. Technique you could tell your neurology what to do with them instead okay. Don't worry about the verbiage get the idea right.

If you're worrying about the verbiage you're going to pay way too much attention to your notes and not the person in front of you there is a distinct reason why. I did not give you scripts or notes your job as a real world hypnotist is to pay attention to the person in front of you to pay attention and monitor their responses and direct them and adapt as the situation unfolds that's reality okay. When you're ready only when you're ready. I want you to reach out with your dominant hand and touch one of those squares that represents a less than positive belief memory experience when you may consciously remember or one you may unconsciously remember and as you reach out and you touch that with your dominant hand.

I want you to notice notice that there's a place in your body where the feeling connected to that image lives. I want you to point to it the moment you do that you've engaged a completely different set of neurological pathways the eyes. Carry the largest amount of bandwidth in the brain. Second or and the only one that comes close is the hand two hands two hemispheres somatic.

Bridge that's what we call it somatic. Bridge they physically. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It if you want to really absorb them with it you'll see that we do this when we get to. Magic.

Frame take both of your hands trace the edges of it. So you know exactly how big it is boom you've just accessed the complete hologram right. The minute they touch they're there you've created the rheostat you've created the measuring device okay. When you're ready and only when you're ready.

I want you to reach out grab that square right. Off the wall crumple it up in your hands as you crumpled up in your hands notice how that feeling in your body begins to shift and change how it begins to lose all connections all control all relevance and control over your life completely and when you're. Finally ready to get rid of it reach over and throw it in that fire flares up feel the release. Feel the.

Rush notice the process taking place don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just notice the process happening and when it's done just nod your head to let me know they're gonna nod their head test try to bring it back and notice what happens instead don't be surprised at what happens what do you think happens they can't get it back they can't get it back which part try to take it back when you know it's completely gone try to bring it back and notice what happens instead notice what happens instead great way to win arguments try to convince yourself that you're right. Notice what happens instead together again the whole idea here is everything we're doing is going right. To their semantics is going right. To their convincer strategy and.

Then we're using. Linguistics to make sure it's done right. And they can't get it back by the way. I push this to the.

Limit all the time you don't need to and all you do is you run you actually walk them through the process two or three times of reaching out touching the picture finding the spot ripping it off crumbling it up throwing it in the fire notice the change. Then when you know they've got a solid grasp on the process turn them loose you say. I want you to go through every nook. Every cranny every component of this room find every square that represents any less than positive belief memory experience rip them off the wall throw them in that fire feel them burn up test it try to bring them back notice what happens instead and when you know it's done take all the time you need that'll take all the time they need right.

This is where you just let them roll right. When you know it's done just nod your head to let me know or raise a finger and you'll see them they'll get nuts. I just go crazy sometimes right. The more somatically engaged they get the faster deeper and more pervasive the change it is more irresistible the change is yes.

Sir. Anyway yeah um you can use your left the non-dominant hand if you want. But. I just never think about it people like to use their dominant hand that's why it's dominant right.

Well there are certain processes like magic frame where. I'm making them deliberately use both hands because. I want both hemispheres involved right. Here's the key the more you engage the meat the deeper and faster they change period you can own when.

I do a meet up you'll always sometimes you'll hear me say this. I can always tell who's going to get the biggest changes by how much they interact you know if you're sitting in the too cool for school row going like this and. I'm telling you to stand up and do something you're like. I'm telling you to spin the and point you ain't gonna get change you ain't falling instructions right.

Play pretend seriously play pretend have fun with it play with the. Holograms when we get to. Magic. Frame we start talking about grid work and stuff we'll get more into that right.

But that's the process and you just have them do it now once once all of the negative is cleared and all that's left are all the wonderful powerful positive things that they've got. Then when that. Last colored. Square goes into the fire something amazing begins yesterday just nod your head to let me know with honest unconscious moments you could use a finger signal it doesn't matter they could say just done again you're gonna you can dialogue completely with these people in fact when we get into uh resolution frequency generator somebody walking in wouldn't think they were in a trance because there's it's such an alpha.

Theta state that. But it's all somatic. So this just changes um. So once let's use this as a.

So we'll make these the negatives right. So once all the negatives are gone. I'm just gonna clean them all up right. Then what we do when that.

Last colored. Square goes in the fire the fire keeps doubling every time they throw one in the fire that fire gets bigger and stronger and you can make that fire radiate any qualities characteristics or attributes that you want you'll hear that when. I do and. I don't have a set set of qualities or characteristics there tends to be a stock number.

But sometimes they change as the person in my chair changes and. I get an instinct or an intuition about what they need yes. What happens in ambiguity. Horizon we don't know if it's a positive or negative what do you want to do with it you tell them.

I ask them what do you want to do with it yeah. I've never had that happen never had it happen right. But once the gray room has a construct is a great staging area for any other technique you want to do perfect you can go anywhere with it right. And.

I'll show you. Transitions and things as we go you need to have a question you have a terrified look. On your face okay. So you have this beautiful gray room when the.

Last piece of paper goes in the fire. Last color. Square goes in the fire all the remaining colored squares all the ones that are positive powerful represent everything that's good and natural and wonderful about you they begin to. Glow they begin to radiate in energy they begin to expand and blend into one another coding the entire surface of this room like big glowing wallpaper bathing your mind bathing your body and everything it most wants everything it most needs and desires to feel amazing to feel confident and.

Powerful in an ever expanding infinite. Unlimited. Supply you can feel all the cells of your body drinking in that energy drinking in that nourishment drinking in everything at most wants and desires to feel amazing to be the best you humanly possible in an ever expanding. Unlimited.

Supply just notice the process taking place notice when it becomes locked in completely when you know it's locked in try to turn it off and notice what happens instead stock phrase by the way once you once you've activated a convincer lock it in now here's the best part about that if you say keep going until you know it's impossible turn off and they say it they tell you it was impossible to turn off and. Then they turn it off they lied to you right. This is where social influence principles can be utilized in hypnotic context it's called commitment and consistency when you have somebody verbally espouse that it is. So we are hell-bent to keep our word right.

So when you get them to acknowledge and to. Proclaim that it's done our unconscious mind will move. Heaven and. Earth to make it done because we want to be consistent you see a lot of you are going oh my.

God right. Heads. I win. Tails.

I win again right. Your job as a chain a reality technician is to get the change right. In a way that your client can validate and recognize it fastest way to do that is to have them activate their own convention strategy right. Again these are some of the nuts and bolts you don't need to know any of it it's going to be there right.

Once you have them just fully charged with that energy you could either transition them into the. Next phase of the process or bring them out right. For our particular process at this level right. Now we're just gonna we're gonna induce we're gonna deepen we're going to gray room maybe give a few extra.

Hypno. Cookies and we're going to emerge them that's all we're going to do okay. So yes. Ma'am no.

We're gonna. I'm gonna demonstrate. I'm gonna show you exactly what. I want you to do.

I just gave you the the explanation of it the reason. I'm doing that a lot of explanation and giving you nuts and bolts. First is because we're going to pull the audio on this video and turn it into a transcript and. Then distill it down into a manual that has the bullet points in it okay.

And we're going to make that available to you yes. Daniel acknowledge only the. First few times because we want to establish the president reach finding the square finding the somatic address and have them locking into that process you got to do it at least three. But.

I've walked people through it as many as four and five and six times when you know they've got it. Then. I'll just say take all the time you need and go through every conceivable part of this room floor ceiling and. Then.

Seth after a couple times actually came up with a really good tweet because look. Under all those positive paper those squares as well because sometimes those things get misfiled you amazed how many times they find under there right. This gives us an introduction to working within our own personal metaphors and also understanding that even within that metaphor the things we're only paying attention to are the ones we're consciously asking for this is what. I call the somatic search engine concept which we'll get into.

Later right. But these are things that again they're going on and. I'm kind of front loading you with them. So that you notice them as we go through it you guys need to go to the bathroom go come back we'll come back and do the.
