Title: FXjScK1_2Mk.txt
Video Id: FXjScK1_2Mk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXjScK1_2Mk

Yesterday in addition to your little final exam assignment right. We talked about we we finished the day with anchoring right. We talked about anchors are very simple they're the foundation really of every other form of learning that we get it's always cause effect two things are sandwiched together as if one is connected to the other or it's an equivalence right. I feel good somebody's holding me they must be the same one causes the other alap.

Pavlo and it has a meaning. But all if you think about it from a really meta perspective both of those distinctions come from what an anchor two things becoming one thing almost like we planned it yeah and it's impos you talk about it being impossible to think or speak without cause and effect or equivalence or awareness even more. So without. Association absolutely absolutely.

So again this is where if we think if we start from this perspective we start from this understanding a lot of things that are very hard inapproachable or or or hard to really kind of cognit you cognitively grasp if. I can go uh kinesthetic on you um become much more approachable and and everything starts to kind of line up a little bit right. And. I think that's one of the you know the beauties of.

NLP is that it. It cast such a big net that it caught all the radioactive nuggets it just didn't tell you which of those nuggets were the radioactive ones and. I think. Therefore.

I am no. Um and. I think we owe a debt an extreme debt to the founders regardless of what what you think of them from a character what perspective or what they've done with what they discovered um they really did give us a tool for exploring our universe and cutting through a lot of you know to finding out what are the what what are the things that are the same the patterns the structures and from within those patterns and structures that we keep see that we see we we see that keep repeating over and over and over again what are the differences that make a difference and why and how are they useful right. Just the ability to move from uh nothing is good or bad.

But either more useful or less useful is tremendously liberating because we stop value judging ourselves or value judging the behaviors of other people yes. They may make us have a shitty you know generate a shitty feeling. But that's just us right. They're not making us do that although we tend to think that that's how it works right.

So be that as it may anchors are really easy you just name a state describe it link it to a phrase a tone a stimulus and that's one of the big competencies that. NLP wants you to be able to do as a practitioner is being able to. Anchor in all all sensory modalities you saw me do it in two right. Um very simple stupidly simple you know um we talked about yesterday about collapsing anchors and in a collapse anchor again you whatever the problem is fear flying um you know passing out in the sight of blood really doesn't matter what the situation is you anchor it and.

Then you figure out okay. What do. I want instead or what do. I want um to use what kind of positive state or resource do.

I want to use to neutralize that and you supercharge you super stack that anchor and. Then all you do is you fire both anchors at the same time and. Then after 5 to 15 seconds and that's a judgment call you slowly leave your hand off the negative anchor and it should just collapse that. Then you go back and you try and fire that other anchor it shouldn't fire or should be.

So and you just do it again right. Which is another thing that people seem to not wrap their head around um in a lot of techniques is repetition the the neurology is the whole neurology is one of the fundamental aspects of its of its acquisition process is repetition. So like when spinning if if you go if you're from a zero to 10 scale they're on a nine you spin it it drops to a five you do it again it drops to a four you do it again and you just keep going right. So many people quit after one or you know one sometimes two sometimes two the reality is you just keep going and if you're still not getting the result you want you ask different questions my question was how many times do you typically repeat on the same technique before you pivot to another if.

I watched their nonverbals okay. So it's right. If. I again we created after watching having to go back and.

Magic. Frame things. So many times because. I started with the spin.

I just made it standard operating procedure you frame it before you spin it because if there is a reason for them to hold on to it the frame will knock it out and sometimes you don't even need to go to the spin because the frame fixed it right. And that from that evolved the what we call the transformational. Triad which is. Magic.

Frame spinning and color breathing and you can just you can do a whole practice you know just on that and and pretty much nuke anything that comes in because in and what it just do chains of those sequences and um because of how the neuron you know we've kind of mapped out the effects of the. N the nervous system you'll get a result now of course with you know you have regression and holographic regression. So you have these deeper level tools if you need to really go in and you know do some. Hypno.

Analytics is what we call hypnoanalysis is actually the technical term for what a lot of regression is is uncovering uncovering what the story is or how that story came to be. NLP just wants to know how you built it right. But when you put the the the concept of going back to the initial sensitizing event back into. NLP.

I think you get much more provation change because it's kind of like you know you cut the you know there's a dandelion growing in your yard you cut the dandelion off. But you didn't get the root. So it just grows back and that's what happens lot we talk about dissociation right. Which is where you kind of step out of yourself um a lot of people look.

At dissociation as as a cure um and in my world especially after 15 years of clinical practice where. I have to shovel all the they dissociated from because they dis. Associated from it. So much it became a tumor right.

Um to me dissociation is the equivalent of like your house is half of your house is on fire. So you build a wall between the half that's burning and the half that's safe and you assume the house is safe yeah not. So much right. Um.

Stephen. Park. Hill said it best. I think it was in his seminar he goes you will run out of body parts long before before your unconscious mind runs out of ideas for getting your attention right.

So at the end of the day it's the things people stuff and try to forget about try to ignore try to deny try to rationalize that makes them sick and that's all degrees of sickness. So the best thing we can do is move forward in life and fix our as it comes up pass the microphone to mandar oh he was going to get one in each hand he's a two-handed microphone boy um. So this happened to me. Last night and now your perspective on what strategy it would use if you notice that the other person uh gets even though there is.

Rapport the line of questioning gets. So exhausting like they just like kind of snap out or they they don't want to go there anymore. So what strategy do you employ when the other person is tired or exhausted or just doesn't want to answer questions or well the. First thing.

I have to ask is what what's the what what led to the exhaustive line of questioning in the. First place overload of languaging in the. Last seven days okay. I mean when people get tired they fall out of of.

Rapport. So you either need to give them a break or change the subject which is analogous to giving them a break right. But remember the meta model is very taxing it's. EXT it was you remember what you went through learning it imagine being the target of it right.

Where you just because again we respond to that deep analytical critical unpacking our unconscious processes like we do to paint well burn through our srus like it's nobody's business because not only are you parsing that you have to deal with the emotions that it brings up the things you didn't want to deal with in the. First place that caused you to delete distort and generalize it all right. You're throwing them right. Back in the right.

No. Men on the pillow no. Reach around you just right. You got to you know you gotta you got to pace yourself a little bit right.

Little foreplay you know goose in your reptile brain a little bit. But you get the idea you can't just you you can't be like super invasive unless it's to your advantage to do that like to get that person on the defensive right. But when you see them getting physically tired it's time to give them a brain break right. Pattern interrupt tell him a joke let him go to the bathroom give him something sugary right.

Because you burn because you're burning up those srus they need it back right. So what. I'd like you to play with now is collapsing. Angus.

I'd like you to think of something on a shittiness scale of 0 to five 0 to three that you want to get rid of think about it see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell and your taste anchor the feeling and. Then think about what you want instead like you know break the state think about what you want instead super stack the anchor right. And. Then when you're ready to get rid of it do the deed and see if it goes away yeah yeah yes.

Can you please elaborate on super stack the anchor um well how many times did. I stack the pleasure anchor on. Kevin. I see okay.

Right. 10 again remember 4:1 ratio right. I get four points of pain for one negative event. I get one point of pleasure for one positive event.

So if you just think a 4:1 ratio in terms of. Stack the relative stacking of the anchors you you'll have a pretty good formula to go by. I go. I would go four.

I would go 40 right. Just to make sure that there's absolutely no. Chance of of that anchor surviving right. And.

Then in in some cases and you could also anchor dissociation right. Know. I know um. Mario and and.

Ricardo. May and maybe even. John um may not have as much background on on dissociation training we can and it doesn't take long to teach it to you just. But you can anchor dissociation.

So that if people start to go into an. AB reaction you just fire the dissociation anchor and all of a sudden they step out of themselves right. But the idea is. I don't.

I don't view dissociation as a truly effective. I don't think it's as effective as safe as the safe place. I don't think it's as effective as just color breathing it out or the frame game. But it's how.

NLP deals with. AB reactions. So to speak. So it's worth learning if for no.

Other reason than you know you have an extra toolkit that you might one day actually need right. Like if you need if you if you're at the airport and you see people who are afraid of flying if you just teach them to just to step out of thems and look. At themselves getting on the plane. Their.

Fear. Cuts in half if you have them step out of them self and. Then step out of that part and look. ATS looking at themselves looking at themselves getting on the plane each time they go out there's less and less fear really useful skill.

I just don't like the way. NLP likes to use it as a kind of catch all yes. I realize this maybe a stupid question. But yes.

No. There we go um. I'm pretty sure. I've proven that a false belief.

But. Anyway um if you do disassociations to have them eventually to where they're not having a fear like say for the flying example once they feel that lack of or they notice that lack of fear to where they're no. Longer afraid and they've disassociated enough after a certain point is it safe to start reassociating and ideally that's what you should be doing the idea behind dissociation it should be temporary okay. Right.

Fortunately for most of us our our our dissociation mechanisms are on autopilot we don't consciously ever choose dissociation or or. Association we just we just flip back and forth as the context and the level of neurological arousal in us um dictates. So if. I'm moving through the world and if the trauma you know if you know on a scale of 0 to 10 right.

You have. T10 which is terminal event right. It it's it's either going to kill you're either going to survive it or it's going to kill you there's no. Right.

But there's a gradient from t0 t0 to. T10 at the the trauma recovery mechanism activates at about a. T9 and. So what'll happen is just like when your uh.

Your. Word program spontaneously reboots and. Then it let's gives you a little prompt that hey this program closed unexpectedly would you like to restore it or would you like to save the copy of it well that little that whole little trauma bubble is a dissociated part it's a. Consciousness fragment.

But it's dissociated it's not part of the host conscious anymore. So it's stored on the body like a little file on your hard drive right. That's a trauma based one when we think of things we don't like very often we automatically step out of the picture and we want it's like we're watching ourselves on a video right. As opposed to when we're playing a.

First like a. First person video game where we're seeing all the action through our own eyes. Habitually we tend to associate more into the things that we find pleasure in or that we enjoy we tend to dissociate from things we find traumatic now some people have higher levels of dissociation based on their lifestyle their upbringing their neurological predispositions. But it's a.

Continuum and the idea is to know what's the most appropriate way to be depending on the context you're in if you're a. First responder being dissociated is highly desirable because now you're not at the mercy of all the chaos around you you're not buffeted by intense emotions that are going to overwhelm your critical faculty and throw you into chaos whereas the. Last place you want to be dissociated is making love to your significant other it's good idea to be present. So you can fully experience all those things now those two extremes are are every other form of dissociation that we have now most people they're either in the they're either in the picture or they're not.

But there are degrees of dissociation just like. I was the examp example. I was giving. I can step out of myself and be watching myself that's about as far as most people get right.

And. Then. I can step out of that and watch that part and and the further. I go out the less connected inter kinesthetically.

I'm going to be to that process now in the states in the cases of extreme abuse extreme trauma those dissociated pieces start to take on an identity of. Their. Own and they start to just associate in and out as the context changes because they they they they start to take on a a specific function it's like a part. But it's.

But they call it it's considered a dissociative. State because it's not the host right. And. I've worked with those and you probably at some point some of them will come across your uh your bow whether you actually choose to work with them or not.

But dissociation is a skill for us dissociation. Association is a skill set. So we can choose what level to experience yes. Yeah.

So. I wish we could practice this in this class that you practice it now if you want yeah um. So for approach anxiety will this be useful if. I do it on myself yeah.

So watch myself feeling the fear. MH and okay. Yeah go ahead. But with approach anxiety wouldn't you want to dissociate out and.

Then reassociate into a different states. So that you actually well the idea is to control your state not run away from it right. Exactly like you you because you still want to have an resonance yeah right. You can build.

Association into a meta a meta frame right. Where you're not you know you have a little screen that kind of shields you from the the fat the. Shield or whatever you're going to run into. But it's much it's it's it in my opinion it it's much more useful to just feel happy and playful um rather than because again you're where are you coming from.

I need to dissociate because. I'm afraid why am. I afraid because they might reject me what if they didn't what if the fear that you're holding about being rejected is actually priming their neurology to reject you yeah and when we're dissociated it's very apparent on a kinesthetic level. So if we're dissociated out and we're approaching a woman she's feeling that that dissociation is going to feel a certain way as distinct from feeling really embodied now tactically if the woman is somewhat dissociated and you you come in with that dissociate and.

Then you change if you've gotten report properly. She'll follow you how would know sensory acuity kinesthetic. Rapport everything you learned in killer influence cpi1. Poss against the dark arts that's why we taught those things to you.

First because without the ability to sense and control yourself and. Then other people these these these skills are largely just theoretical microphone is that um. So on a sales context are are buyer do buyers. Also let's say walk into a car dealership in a somewhat dissociated.

State and to some to some extent they are yeah remember what. I said when. I taught you three magic questions human beings move through the world in a constellation of one of four possible. States they're either.

Associated or dissociated they're internally focused or they're externally focused most people move through the world operating and droning in a state of internal dissociation your job in three magic questions is to do what get them external. Associated why. So they're fully present and paying attention to you when you're not when you're dissociated you're not fully present and that may or may not be tactically useful remember it's not good or bad right. If you have a nervous system that's hyper sensitive and just overwhelms you at the drop of the.

Hat maintaining a certain degree of dissociation was probably a good idea until your nervous system learns how to deal with it in another way. But to me dissociation should always be a temporary or transient process that you engage in in the phobia cure right. If someone has a phobia they go from zero to panic attack like 10 level in in the drop of a hat and because of that they don't have the cognitive resources to do anything. But freak out.

But if you have them step out and. Then step out and. Then step out that intensity level drops to where they can maintain some level of cognitive control control they can access their resources do the process and and lessen the emotional charge and. Then step one one place in lessen the emotional charge step in.

But what you're doing is once again you're it's like bucket listing the degree of difficulty is overly one and that's how. NLP uses dissociation for phobias or things like that. But what is that what is phobia it's it's a lack of. State.

Control it's an inability because your state is in chaos for you to cognitively access your willpower the things you do with your submodalities and stuff like that if your if your system is in chaos you can't that's why we tou you posture and breathing. First because you can always do posture and breathing takes us hug you really it's really really hard to to screw up posture and breathing right. It takes the minimum amount of willpower to hold it or change it right. And if you are and if you are that much in physiological chaos.

Then somebody probably needs to administer something to calm your ass down right. Yeah go ahead just going to going to toss it out there you know you know mandar and whoever else you might you might start to realize that a useful question might be do. I want to approach this person who seems highly dissociated because what am. I getting myself into if that's their default.

State and what am. I going to be expected to do if. I move them out of that and they enjoy it. Food.

For. Thought yeah. I mean the. First step was actually it always starts with you guys that's why we spend.

So much time on getting your under control yeah. I mean. First thing is. I want to be able to detect are they.

Associated or dissociated because. I do that is talk to them yeah right. This is again go back to the very beginning. Echo technique three magic questions what does three magic questions do it allows you to go up and talk to a stranger and figure out how to take them from dissociation to.

Association right. All the while priming them to give you all the information you need to decide if they're a hell yes. Or a hell no. Right.

Or some point in between right. You know maybe after a few. Tequilas you know that's somewhere in between right. So um fact why don't we why don't we why don't we kind of uh work the dissociation training into the anchoring.

So the. First thing. I want you to do is pick something you want you want to get rid of a body feeling you have in certain context or whatever. I want you to.

Anchor. It decide what you want instead build that anchor amplify it stack it and. Then collapse that anchor test it right. And.

Then build a state of dissociation and anchor it. So that anytime you want or anytime you need to you say the magic word chazam or you you know you do some kind of mudra and instant dissociation and. Then test it and and notice how well that works all right. Let's take uh 40 uh let's take 30 minutes for this go shouldn't take you guys long 30 on the clock.
