Title: FREE NLP TRAINING: LAW OF ATTRACTION - VIBRATIONAL ALCHEMY PT. 2
File Name: fyOH9u-xqxk.txt
Video Id: fyOH9u-xqxk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyOH9u-xqxk

What we're going to do now is we're going to kind of back up a little bit uh and kind of cover a little bit more. Global stuff. I want to. I want to introduce you to a concept that to me really does in a very succinct and clear way explain what.

NLP the non-linguistic side of things in. NLP has to teach us about how to run our nervous system and. I'm going to use a lot of metaphors and analogies that you're already very familiar with to do that. I.

I want you to understand that when. I talk about these metaphors and constructs my belief my belief is that everything that human beings create through technology has an analog already somewhere in the human being at some level of the nervous system at the energetic system everything that we create we have an analog for. Therefore any technology that we use on a regular basis is ideal for telling the nervous system what to to do with information does that make sense how many people here have ever seen a movie okay. I don't know about you guys.

But my favorite movies are the ones where they have those big like holographic virtual reality computers the guy walks into this big bubble and he's like moving diagrams and exploding this and expanding that and. Isn't that cool like you see. Mission. Impossible or.

Iron. Man or. Avengers and you're just moving this right. Did you ever noticed that when people talk they move their hands a lot you'll see things like this every one of you who done it even the guy who says he doesn't see colors and pictures you all do it say.

I've got this thing and. I don't know what it is. I can't seem to get past it it's an image well you've been to about 12 different meetups dude right. You know this no.

No. Cheating right. My point is is that whether you consciously see something there or not there is something there now whether you think of it as an energetic vibrational phenomenon or just a construct a projection from the unconscious mind it doesn't matter it's there and the nervous system treats it like a solid object did you notice when we were changing our physiology when we try when we went into that happy positive resourceful. State and we kept our physiology the same and we tried to feel bad it didn't work people start talking about the stuff that's important to them the stuff that holds them back the stuff that gets them excited they're going to use their hands unless they're lying you'll see somebody who's like super.

Italian and talking like this they'll go to tell a lie and no. Freeze we have a lie detection. Workshop that's actually one of the things called the freeze. But the spatial locations where people gesture the way they gesture are fundamental parts of the code that the body creates your experience from they have meaning and you will see it consistent when people talk about their stuff they will gesture to the same place every single time and they don't realize they're doing it.

But they won't just gesture to a spot they'll move their hand true or not true true guess what that tells you it's an unfinished project in mine it's an un it's actually in one way you're right. It's actually a running program it's an on the ongoing process it's the direction that that information is moving to create that experience law of. Chinese medicine fundamental law yinyang you know what the fundamental law of yinyang is martial artist man yes. Sir hard becomes soft over time hard becomes soft especially as you get older right.

Oh sorry that's a different class yin and yang law of. Yin and yangong says yin and yang are compliment and opposites one cannot exist without the other and the extreme of one is the beginning of the other when. I brought. Carlos up or when.

I brought. Michael up if. I get young he gets young strongest young wins that's what we understand. But if.

I can go. Yin enough. I will neutralize his young and he will be sucked in to my field make sense now in terms of gesture and frequency and vibration when we create an experience an internal representation as. NLP likes to call it a memory a belief a pain a disease there's a structure that our nervous system uses to create that experience when we access anything related to those experiences not only will our eyes.

Move to certain places we will actually use different kinds of language we will gesture to certain physical locations and we will move our hands in specific directions every single piece of that is a different level of the brain and nervous system interacting to create a feeling in the body to access that feeling in the body how do we start to unravel that start with where you feel it because that's where every single thing comes together whether you're dealing with the visual component or the auditory component or the mo the motive component or the color component the crossroads where all of those different pieces of information intersect and express is that feeling in your body that means if you can point to where you feel it you have access to every single aspect of that experience that make sense yes. Sir other ways to bring out that feeling like absolutely. So you can. Then get a hold of it yeah actually and a lot of times you don't even have to know what it is if you get somebody that starts describing a problem and they're literally doing this you can you could either well just grab a hold of that and.

I go what just grab it and. Then. I'll move it behind you and. I'll go what the because it's not about belief it's about directing your attention to a different level of the system when.

I had. Michael over here. I don't know if they got that. I don't know if candy got that on camera or not were you guys watching him really close did you notice him changing right.

Was there any doubt that there was something going on in him right. No. Doubt right. There was physiological change happening he was sweating like a like he was sweating bullets right.

And he didn't he didn't understand why there was emotions coming up probably emotions he didn't expect would that be true that's true because when these things manifest it's almost never one thing there's. NP calls it a trans derivational search it makes thousands of connections to everything that the nervous system thinks is relevant to that experience and it links them neuroplastic and. Then at some point it reaches reaches enough of a charge that it manifests a physical sensation in the body it'll be there long before you're conscious of it. But we won't do anything about it until it becomes bad enough that we can't tolerate it anymore does that make sense now and it'll give you another concept called.

I call it the sematic search engine do you ever notice that when you go to a search engine the quality of the information you get is directly related to the quality of the question that you ask and the way you ask it you have one too how you ask the question will determine what kind of information that you get one of the biggest problems that we had is we're asking the wrong questions anybody have something shitty happen you always ask why does this always happen to me why do. I keep meeting the same person over and over and over again why do people keep taking my why do people keep giving me why do. I have. So much why can't.

I take a good right. It doesn't really matter and your unconscious mind is sitting down there going oh he wants a list and he starts to generate a list while your life sucks while you're not taking a good why people are giving you why people are taking your because you ask the wrong question how do. I make this stop how do. I change this how do.

I get good how do. I take a good oh now we have. Solutions don't we subtle tweaks remember your brain your nervous system is the world's largest most powerful goal achieving reality manifesting mechanism on the planet and it is compulsively driven to answer any question you put to do it no. Matter how stupid the question is.

I will prove this to you right. Now because. I'm going to ask you a question that could not possibly make any sense you'll have an instinctive response and. Then you will notice that your brain starts to come up with all kinds of rationals where it could be true why in fact is the.

Moon made of green cheese oh he was right. Right. All of a sudden your brain starts coming up with all these different rationals well could be this maybe maybe he's meaning metaphorical cheese maybe it's not really green maybe it's weird stuff just how your brain works and. I make fun.

I do. I do really weird out of- the bark stuff because. I want to force cognitive dissonance upon you. I need to force that on you.

So you can actually analyze what you're doing in your head without transing out right. I can trust me. I can make you think the walls in this room will change the way you way and and all. I have to do is talk about things that are already in this room that you can verify and at some point five or six steps down the road you will just stop asking if anything.

I'm saying is true because the way your mechanism works is you're sorting for difference you're sorting for something that doesn't jive and if within a certain frequency or certain range of data you don't receive it that rational parsing. Factor shuts off unless you've been trained in some way right. And that's very specific. But be that as it may.

So when we talk about in. The. Law of. Attraction we talk about creating the life you want focus on what you want.

But not the things you don't want right. If you don't want people to keep taking your don't ask question like why do people keep taking my right. You could ask where did this start and how do. I fix it that's a more useful question isn't it right.

Why questions you have to be very careful with because they generate the neocortex activity they stimulate rationalizations for while you're in a certain position or a certain context better questions are how's what's who's where's right. Now getting back to this whole idea of spatial locations most people when we think of vibrations or energy or thoughts or beliefs we don't really know what the hell we're talking about. I'm giving you a very nuts and bolts physics based understanding of this could you get all metaphysical. I can explain all this in very new age metaphysical white light terms and.

I'd have half the room with me going yeah brother and the other half who thinks they're rational logical scientific creatures would go you're a douchebag right. No. Pun intended right. And.

Then the. Then of course. I could have also explain these things in very physics-based scientific neurolinguistic terms and half the roomone go yes. I understand exactly what he means and the rest of of the room would go that's not.

So uncool man that's not spiritual right. There's no. Difference if you look. At it from a process and structure perspective doesn't matter the terms what are the processes what are the the structures if you understand process and structure how do these things happen you know what's true regardless of the terms you put to it.

So this is you on. David right. Now how many people have heard ever heard of something called the aura right. I'm not making fun of you people.

I chased pleadians for years right. And we think of this. Aura as this nebulous gasy like energy field around our body now some people have a little bit more uh specific distinctions some people will say you have seven energy bodies one corresponding to each of the chakra systems some systems will say you have three energy bodies okay. It's an onion.

However you want to slice it if you can name it you can find it it's that simple sematic search engine if you name it and describe it you create it because it's all just an interpretation. Anyway remember everything that has ever existed or will exist is already here. So if you name it and describe it you tune to it big one there okay. However.

I don't look. At the the body of the human. Energy. Systems and when.

I say. Energy. Systems. I'm actually.

I use one. Global term to to talk about the conscious mind the unconscious mind the body. I call it the nervous system okay. And.

I. I you with too many distinctions because. I want to get really practical really quick. But.

I don't see the world this way anymore okay. Because it's it's too vague. But how many people here know what an. XYZ grid is you guys know what an.

XY grid is right. If you ever seen a graph. So you have an x- axis and a y. AIS.

But if you're looking for finding a location in threedimensional. SpaceTime you need a. Third axis it's a z right. So you have height width and depth if we start to think about the human.

Energy. System or the human proprioceptive nervous system which is analogous to your energy field we think three-dimensionally now what we have is something that looks an awful lot like this and all of a sudden these gestures if you can superimpose that r on me when. I'm talking about problems and. I'm talking about moving it and getting this is to put it behind me all of a sudden if we think about this like a filing cabinet that's in three dimensions it starts to make a little bit more sense doesn't it because these things are non-local in the sense that they're not physical in terms of matter and taking of space they're energetic there could be an infinite amount of information in a molecule space.

But it's tographic and fractal we don't access it until we name it and decide it it's on demand. So the. First thing we need to understand is that everything that you feel in your body has a location on this grid point that our hands can go to once we find the feeling. So the.

First thing we need to understand is that there's something we want to change whether it's something we want more of or something we want less of we have to find where we feel it in our bodies and trust me everything that you act on has a feeling somewhere neur pardon me neurolinguistics has show us has t us has come up with this concept called strategies strategies are the order and sequence of visual auditory kinesthetic and old factory parts of our brain that we utilize in a specific sequence to generate a behavior and all of the one and all decision strategies all convincer strategies end in a kinesthetic they end in. A. Feeling whether it's an an an external action. So they're both kinesthetics one is inter internal one is external if everything we do starts with a feeling why not begin there when we start unpacking these things it's the quickest easiest way to find your point of entry into the system.

So the. First thing we're going to do we're going to change something something we want more of where do we feel it extract information that makes the nervous system more pliable more malleable and. Then using one hand. I'm going to point to where.

I feel it using my imagination and my other hand. I'm going to reach out and touch the picture. Then. I'm going to take both of my hands and.

Trace the edges of it. So. I know exactly how big it is the size and location in this. Grid in proximity to the core of the body mediates intensity of experience you have two kinds of cating systems in your body you have one you've developed over time one that is unique to you and one that is default it came stock with the system right.

When we had you take that reach out and touch that picture we made it bigger what' you all notice got stronger didn't it right. When you made it the same back to its original size. But pulled it closer what happened less detail less detail. But what happened to the feeling none none okay.

Of all the people how many did had he had no. How many had a change in feeling when they changed the the side okay. That's all. I care about all right.

We need to understand what the vast majority of people do and. Then we can focus on what individual beings do does that make sense okay. In my travels um. I have not seen anybody yet that when they actually engaged in these processes provided they were actually on board with it because a lot of times what.

I say and how. I teach doesn't jive with your unique. Learning. System and if that and if that doesn't.

Then please find something that does okay. I don't say my way. I will never tell you my way is the only way this is the world according to. David if it works for you use it if not.

Chuck it. But vast majority of people that. I work with they make it bigger feeling gets stronger they pull it closer feeling gets stronger they put it above them and wrap themselves around it gets stronger they put it behind them back. Beyond the.

Horizon it goes away how many people had a similar experience raise your hands just. So. I know. I need all the support.

I can get okay. I have found that to be true with the vast majority of human beings. So that's where we start because we could spend our entire life looking for the exceptions to the rule and we never get anything done right. I'm lazy right.

So the. First thing we need to understand is we have this and it's three-dimensional. But we also have to look. At divisions of the nervous system why is it when everything in when we when we made things bigger in front of our body it got stronger we pulled it closer it got stronger.

But yet when we put it back here it went away now some of you didn't want it to go right. You held on to it right. And. I know you held on to it because.

I know how this works. I've done this with hundreds of people all over the world. So what can we derive what pattern can we extrapolate from that yes. Out of sight out of mind out of sight out of mind okay.

How many people ever heard the expression. I just need to get past this. I can't put this behind me see our brains are simultaneously literal analoges and metaphors and you don't have to believe me look. Up ody cognition object relations.

Theory you take a a a group of average people you put them in an airplane dress them up like. Pilots their visual. Acuity goes up 20 points. I.

I don't want to know right. Huh they dressed all these people up like. Pilots put them on a plane and tested their visual acity before and after the uniform change and their their visual cutie went up an average of 20 points okay. Yes.

Sir. I am having a hard time with this when. I hold things close to my face that limits my ref feel and my the way that. I can gather the way that.

I conquer everything is. I see. First the mountain. Then.

I put it more away from me. Then. I see the parts of a mountain and. I take it apart before.

I'm done the mountain is. Rubble if for you. So you see the big picture you put it away you see the big parts and. Then before you're done that if.

I hold the picture too close. I. I only focus there's danger there's. Terror.

I can't act. I can't turn left it's right. In front of me. But if.

I give it perspective. Then. I noticed the detail absolutely there's a road to the left there's a trail to the right. There's gold coins.

Next to the fence. But if. I'm holding it too close like you're suggesting. I don't see much of anything and.

I what do you feel you said you just said it. Terror was overwhelming right. I yes. But it it doesn't have a color that's all right.

It has it has a sense of said when you brought when you brought the picture closer the feeling got stronger the the sense of dread. But there were no. Colors related to it's did the feeling change that's all we care about well when it's. So close that.

I can't see it's a danger to me mhm okay. So you need to see something in order to feel safe well. I. I need to have it at a distance.

So exactly if. I can't if it's going to you hear you hear the the scriptures perect. I have to go around it go around it going through things is the hardest way you go above you go below them go around them you break them into little pieces and. So for you to say you hold this great picture right.

Up to you for me that's that's that's an analogy of. Suffocation. I can't deal with those how would you do it to make smaller part okay. Thank you for explaining that.

I have to see each individual thing is an asset and a threat at the same time okay. You have to see what in that picture is going to help or hinder your goal okay. So figure out how you do. Do.

It. Best get the same results your way. I. I'm here.

I see you as a superior. I what. I want to do is train my mind to to have the sense of success and confidence in you. I've been doing this same thing quite successfully.

I'm 55 years old. I'm currently living on the government's okay. And. I'm going to suggest.

I'm going to suggest. First of all you let me speak okay. Sure okay. I'm going to suggest that for the time we're here follow the drills as best you can if you get a result that's paradoxical other words if.

I tell you to bring something closer and you get a terror response a put that aside as something that needs to be explored okay. B start playing with the internal representations changing it in various ways until it gives you the result that you want which is where all of this is heading you gave us a tremendous wealth of what you do inside your nervous system to create these effects and that's why. I. I let you speak okay.

But you need to become aware of the processes that's holding you back the system you have works and in context it's worked very well. But now we need to start playing with the malleability of the system you need to start experimenting with new associations within your own grid and find the ones that work best which is where you are all going you think. I'm talking to him every single one of you has two codes he's deeply. IM meshed in his own idiosyncratic coding system it has meaning and relevance to him may have no.

Relevance to how you do it. But you all have one the goal here in this training in this teaching is to give you this idea this set of. Concepts that you have two sets of code. First how most of you didn't even know you had a code to begin with now you got two holy right.

You have a generic universal code that is the the gift you've been given because you're a human being with a pulse we work with that. First because it's the greatest common denominator. But within that system is a subsystem that are very very specific. I'll give you an example everybody has a past right.

Corre okay. I want you all to think about something that happened 10 years ago. Reach. Out.

And. Touch it. First impression something that happened yesterday. Reach.

Out. And. Touch that something that's going to happen a year from now. Reach.

Out. And. Touch. It notice they're all in different spots you didn't even know you had a spot until.

I mentioned it. But your brain very eloquently came up with one did you notice as you were doing that that nobody pointed to the same place for the same time period in other words her place for a year ago was different than his which was different from yours which was different from yours that's your own unique way of sorting past and present and future and yet we can take any of those grab the picture move it behind us and the goes away because it's in our past because you have multiple systems what we're working with now is the greatest common denominator the one that we can all grab a hold of the one that we can all tap into and make changes. So when. I tell you to do something and for some reason you're not getting the same result that the rest of the room is that's okay.

You're not wrong you're just different you're unique and that's not bad. But the secret is the fact that you're manipulating something and creating change means something is happening. So just keep playing with it until you get the feeling that you want you're all going to do this how many people here have something they'd like less of everybody stand up we're all going to do this together we just going to do this together now do yourselves a favor don't don't pick like the biggest nastiest most honken tragedy in your life for this okay. Anything on a scale of zero to about three or four is good.

But we're going to do it a little. I'm going to guide you all through an exercise and it's a little bit different than the one you saw me lead. Mike through and the one you saw me lead um. Holly through the.

F the one the. First one. I showed you is the one that's basically. Yin and.

Yong and where. I was going with that is the nervous system cannot create a code that expresses one feeling without automatically generating the potential for its opposite. So the moment. I have a direction oh.

I know what direction creates that feeling that experience don't. I what does that also imply you know where you're going if. I'm spinning the opposite direction. Then.

I get the opposite effect don't. I that's how your nervous system works on the most basic fundamental level right. So this is going to be a little bit different though. I want yall to play with this because this is where it gets cool.

I want you to think of something that you want to change feeling you don't like and there's some there's a different there's a way you'd like to instead. So fig think of that thing that you want to have or that thing that you have that's kind of bugging you a little bit point to where you feel it close your eyes. And look. At it with your inner eyes.

Notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color. First impression excellent take all that blue energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides and keep pull until you know you got it once you got it look. At it with your inner eyes. And notice did the color change or stay the same.

First impression excellent whether it did or didn't it's perfectly fine notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction notice what direction is spinning. Trace that. Direction with your hands now here's what. I want you to do rather than just make it the opposite of what it was.

I want you to start changing the direction of it until it becomes the feeling you want to have instead when you find the direction that makes the that creates the feeling you want to have instead now. I want you to grab it with both hands double the spin spin it like a wheel double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own till it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change notice the old feeling goes away let that process happen as the new program works in just like a computer installing a new program many times it has to uninstall the old software before the new one can take root what you're feeling is what. I like to call the emotional detox period any program that's not in harmony with this new way of thinking feeling and believing the body of the nervous system is going to start to shed let the process happen don't try to force it don't try to analyze it don't try to make it happen faster just allow the process to happen when you know it's done try to bring the old feeling back notice what happens instead what just happen dude. I just want to conquer the world you just want to conquer the world what happened.

TJ. CH what happened. So now resistance resistance o we have to work on you what happened he's he wasn't even doing he was like he's like looking at everybody like what the hell's going on. I.

I couldn't find my own collar you couldn't find your own collar and he does in. Spain oh well. I'll fix that what happened to you. I guess resistance too.

But okay. Yeah all right. Happened um unicorn no. Fear no.

Fear did you have fear before very cool try to bring the fear back notice what happens instead oh you can't bring it back damn it how about you resistance resistance okay. Let's do the resistance part all right. What happened with you resistance okay. Okay.

Now that we've got that sit down okay. How many people notice a radical shift for two minute intervention less than two minutes actually wasn't it how long you had that thing you know how you get you know how you make sure it's gone wash for pee problem is most people give up after the. First try or the. First pass you watch some of my videos.

I've had people. I've been up there. I'm. Relentless.

I'll keep you up there until you're done. I learned that the hard way because. I gave up on a patient too fast one time. I'll never do it again never.

So if you come up here you ain't leave until you're fixed that's just how. I roll which is why. I charge by the hour and not the session you get highly motivated to fix your fast. I'm a hypnotist a neural linguistic programmer and energy worker.

I'm a m. I'm a reality technician and. Therefore. I have card launch to do whatever.

I need to do to make you change to get the life you want the way you want it now many times when there is resistance to a feeling resistance to a process it's because something at the neurological level needs to keep it many times when bad happens the nervous system says oh we got to make sure this never happens again and. So every time you find yourself in a similar context or circumstance those feelings come up. Richard. Banner would that the difference between thinking and remembering or confusing thinking with remembering we think we're thinking when actually we're just remembering the problem is is that there is a certain lesson that we derived and the universe is playing those feelings to remind us not to do that anymore and it's the only way it knows to keep us from making the same mistake again.

So when you inject a change process that could potentially remove the feelings because right. Now from the nervous system's perspective. Ive those feelings are a tool it's doing something for you regardless of what we consciously think everything we generate in our mind and body has at its intention at its intention level a positive outcome in mind it wants to do something for you the problem is it's stuck in this big soup of stuff that we don't need. So in order to get change we need to find a way to extract that one or two sets of lesson.

So we can keep those and let the rest go we need to put them in a place where they're not going to be an issue for us. But they're there if we need them how many people have ever done taxes how many people who don't admit to doing. T all right. But you all know that if you do business in the.

United. States when you do your taxes whether you have a business or whether it's personal you save all your up for a year at the end of that year you write all your down you tow it all up you write a check to the government cursing them all the way right. With that tax return and. Then you have this big freaking box of stuff and these forms that you have absolutely no.

Use for. But you can't get rid of them why because government says you have to keep them right. For how many years four three. I don't care right.

So what do we do we find some out of the way place we put it in a box and we forget about them they're no. Longer important they're no. Longer relevant unless we get audited unless something comes up or we need to go back and reference it. But for all intents and purposes they're gone you have a place like that too in your nervous system okay.

Remember. I said you have this. XYZ grid yes. F what happens about the things that has happened to you that caused damage that happened to you that you didn't do well it's the same process yeah it's the same process again the nervous system doesn't lay blame we do we extrapolate and we get angry at people and we perpetuate.

The. Feelings by replaying the memories have you been to my. Meetup where. I've talked about the memories you have aren't real remind me we'll talk about that otherwise we won't get to the change work okay.

But for all two delusions you need to understand a your memories are not the things that happen to you you understand that your memories are not your memory of your birthday party is not your fifth birthday party. But you think it is and every time you replay the movie you treat it like it is do you understand that distinction okay. How many have kids you ever videotape their birthday or record their birthday in some way right. It's like saying your kid's birthday party is like the.

V is the video it's not. But you think it is and the way you've coded that movie tricks you into believing it the other big delusion that we need to understand is that you are not your memories that would be like saying the video camera the. DVD and the player are you they're just something you're doing you're more than your memories you're more than the movies that you play inside your head. But you've forgotten that at some level you've become.

Iden ified with the movies that you play in your mind. Russian sports psychologist back in the 70s really blew the lid off that when they train their athletes how to change those personalities change those movies and they swept the. Olympics. Sports enhancing drugs aside okay.

But they 70 gold medals. I think they did. I happen to get access to their autogenic training program you can't too if you pay 200 bucks for the book. It's called.

Red. Gold by the way worth its weight and gold seriously and uh in some way change processes if we have time we'll go through it. I doubt we will because we have. So many things that we want to do right.

But this is your body on. David again now we're going to take this from a a profile view we want to think hemispherically now you have the forward hemisphere the rear hemisphere everybody here have a computer okay. You ever notied you have this thing called a desktop now. I don't know how you guys organize your desktop.

But on any given day you can't see my desktop because there's. So many icons and open files and. Post-it notes that there's a computer in there somewhere. But.

I have no. Idea where. I have all these files open everywhere. I can't find and yet.

I do guess what that grid process that we were teaching you about earlier is your neurological desktop where you've kept them the proximity to your body whether they're high or low all have meaning to your nervous system and they're files that are open and running anything behind you is your inactive desktop it's that place where you store your taxes the place where you store information that you might need someday. But for all intents and purposes is no. Longer relevant has no. Impact or influence on you now remember anything the mind can create the mind can change you are the god of your.

Universe. Therefore you have permission the responsibility and the right. To change any memory any idea any belief that does not make your life better. I'm just going to show you how to do it how change beliefs with this you could.

But a lot of times a lot of times just spinning it will cause you to go through a perspective shift that changes everything yes. Sir what was a question he asked oh can we do this to to change beliefs yeah got to decide what you want to believe instead and why it might be true okay. There's a whole process for that. But on a structural level right.

Now all semantics aside neurologically when we move something from our active to our inactive desktop it goes away. But depending on how you word it you can preserve information anybody have a recycle bin on their computer you know what cool sound the recycle bin makes. I love that every now and. Then when.

I want to get rid of something. I'll point to where. I feel it fine the picture crumpled up. I'm go you know what for some reason it goes away metaphors that the nervous system understands are tremendously powerful ways to interface all the different levels of you now if you have resistance to something nine times out of 10 it's because there's a positive intention a positive lesson or set of lessons that you learned that your nervous system feels must be kept or it will happen again the way we do this starts with the same process oh.

TJ come here see the people in the. First row get the best stuff why do. I always pick people taller than me. God.

I feel like a in this video like everybody watching this. YouTube's gonna go why is he. So short right. No.

I just pick tall people because it's more impressive all right. So is there's something that um. You' been wanting to change. But maybe you've been feeling a little bit of resistance to it or you okay.

When you think about that thing you want. I want you to notice something. First of all there's a feeling that you get when you think about that thing you want and. Then there's another feeling that may be more subtle or more intense.

I don't know how you do it that signals a kind of an icky or resistance or or not wanting to change it point to where you feel that excellent now what. I want you to do was. I want you to imagine as you touch this spot. I want you to imagine there's a picture floating in the space around you that represents that experience or that feeling just reach out with your other hand and touch it perfect now here's what.

I want you to do take both of your hands trace the edges of with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is beautiful by the way when people have that's bugging them it's never small okay. Now here's what. I want you to do is it in color or black and white black and white moving or still still is uh is there sound okay.

I want you to put a big thick black frame around that picture big thick black frame thicker bigger black that's right. Good you're probably too young to remember when televisions actually had dials and knobs and switches oh what you guys. I'm not the only old fart in the house all right. Now along the base of that frame.

I want you to notice that there are some dials and knobs and switches notice he moved it automatically in front of him right. It's now very active for him he's accessed it more fully notice that there's a volume knob a brightness knob a contrast knob maybe some other knobs. I don't know. But find the col contrast or the brightness knob.

I want you turn that knob all the way to the right. Till the image whites out completely notice what happens to the feeling now turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice what happened to that feeling which one do you like better right. Or right. Or left white or black white okay.

Cool now. I want you to imagine are you right-handed or left-handed right. Handed okay. In the index finger of your right.

Hand. I want you to imagine there's a glowing golden. Sharpie magic marker okay. And what.

I want you to do is there was some lessons that you learn from this experience. I want you to start writing across that screen everything that this experience had to teach you and just let your hand start writing and the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you can write as much or as little as you want. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing and you'll know when you have enough now this is where it gets kind of weird sometimes because sometimes the hand just starts writing and writing the guy has no.

Idea what's coming out sometimes both hands get involved sometimes they just start writing backwards it's it doesn't matter what matters is the process keep going you may notice feelings and emotions and by the way anything that comes up regardless of how illogical or marginal or whimsical it may be is completely relevant write that on the board. So you can keep the lessons let the rest go now got it all there's more let it come up it's all right. Keep writing this is why you're here brother got it you sure make sure okay. Reach.

Out grab that picture shrink it down to the size of a postage stand float it up over the top of your head all the way back below the. Horizon you know the sound a nail gun makes feel it nailed back into the past notice the change notice it's gone try notice what happens instead it's all right. Your nervous system is just shedding this stuff happens all the time they'll sweat they'll shake they'll cry they'll laugh they'll sneeze they'll cough they're all it's all everybody does it a little bit different right. There you go now when you think about that thing that you wanted to have more of what happens now better notice point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression reach in grab all that white energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides good as you look. At it you got it all yes. Good did the color change or stay the same. First impression turn yellow turn yellow perfect notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning physically grab it with both of your hands turn it till it's exactly what you want to feel instead when you find that direction spin it like a wheel in that direction double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to come back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back in notice the change notice it's gone notice is that program.

Works its way deeper and deeper into your mind and body any program any belief any any memory that's not in harmony with this new experience this new program the body's going to shed it's going to purge like a snake shedding its skin don't try to manage it don't try to control it don't try to analyze it just let your body and mind do what it knows how to do let the feelings come up as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolved from the body solv dissolved and resolved from the. Mind notice as that energy continues to pick up speed notice what happens to the feelings in your body as what. Every. Breath.

You. Take in. Every. Beat of your heart it just for some mysterious reason continues to pick up speed continues to magnify and amplify with more force and intensity than a typhoon until it washes through every.

Circuit of your body from the tip of your head to the top of your toes until it. Finally overflows the very confines of your body begins to rock it back through every memory every situation and event that was relevant to the old feeling changing them washing them away transforming them and modifying them. So that they only support this new way of being they only cause you to become stronger in the direction you really want to go for all the right. Reasons just allow that process to take place and go along for the ride noticing the changes feeling the.

Transformations and when you know you've got it try to bring the old feelings back and notice what happens instead when you're ready open your eyes. Notice how different the world looks give a big round of applause you can all do this the nervous system doesn't care if it's a physical pain emotional pain. I have five documented cases of curing a broken heart healing a broken heart okay. The nervous system doesn't care your nervous system is designed to express information encoded in vibration everything else is just an interpretation based on what information is encoded and the way it's encoded.

I tell my students whether you're uh a personal coaching client whether you come to one of my trainings whether you come to my. Mastermind group everybody goes through life he's still processing by the way he'll be processing for a while it's a quick intervention. But it unwinds everything. I see a lot of people went along for the ride right.

Surprise right. I look. At this stuff every time. I see it and.

I go this shouldn't work and yet. Miracles every single day and. I'm not doing them. I just put the videos out there that that's your gift that's my gift to you.

But it's your responsibility. I've given you some ideas about how you work and the secret is if you can point to it you can change it. But you got to ask the right. Questions and you got to get involved you got to get the meat involved is that make sense yes.

Sir. I was watching the demonstration and. I noticed that as he was beginning to write on the board to change uh he dropped the. TV looking at his body language the hand that wasn't writing should have continued the whole why should it have those were your instructions you he did it his way and it doesn't matter too procedural.

I let him do it his way everything. I give you is a guide you might have insisted on holding that television there and that's fine that's called projection by the way and we do it to everybody okay. However he did it all. I really care about.

TJ did you get the result you wanted yeah nothing else matters when you get. So involved and. I have a wife that does this. I love my wife.

But she will she will look. Through a microscope with another microscope okay. She she she's in biotech and that's the culture is you have to be that way cuz the moment any any there's any flaw in your data you're done. But in certain context it's perfect in other context it doesn't work very well there is no.

Such thing as a bad behavior there is no. Such thing as a bad feeling in spite of what we' like to think the question becomes is what we're doing and the way we're doing it getting us the result that we want and if it isn't we got to do something else. But we don't okay. But thank you for those distinctions.

I would love to have you on an investigative team you wouldn't miss a thing yes. Do those techniques how often as often as you want one of the things that and we didn't have any uh we didn't have anybody who had any real problems today. But a lot of times what happen is if you see some of my videos you see people come up and we do that spin and we only get an incremental change it goes from like an eight to like a six and they try to leave like they're done no. If there's residual point to where you feel it wash rinse repeat until it's gone you'll notice a lot of times as you explore these things that not only will it change or not necessarily alleviate.

But as it diminishes the qualities will change too it may go from a feeling of anger to being a feeling of being afraid it may go from a feeling of being angry or afraid to sadness any change in any direction is amazing why because if the didn't work there wouldn't be any change does that make sense and any change regardless of degree is good right. And when. I when. I see people tell me they don't get change.

I start asking different questions. I start asking different questions and eventually. I find the way in. I'm.

Relentless right. And that's the secret to getting everything you want has nothing to do with confidence because if you wait to be confident to do anything in your life you'll never start you'll never start it's one of those placebos that don't work that the self-help. Community has sold you how many times has there been something in your life that you had absolutely no. Confidence in your ability to do it.

But it had to get done more often than not and you did it didn't you when did the confidence show up you had to when you evaluated a sense of success exactly if you're waiting to be confident to do anything you'll never start. So just start nobody walks into a gym throws 500 lb on the barbell and starts doing curls right. You do this thing and you get tiny movement it that's the worst you'll ever be you can only get better it's a skill a lot of us have not worked with our nervous systems long enough that we can access all these skills. But they're there and you can use them right.

Now everybody stand up. I haven't had. I haven't had a meet up in a long time. So.

I'm just jonesing to zap people. So here's what. I want you to do. I want you to point to that feeling that you labeled resistance.

I want you to point to where you feel it. I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling what's the color.

First impression you don't have to tell me. But know and. Then what. I want you to do is.

I want you to reach into that area grab all actually before we reach in and grab it. I want you to notice where that is in your body point to it with one hand take your other hand. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture of that feeling or connected to that feeling trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know exactly how big it is perfect and now what. I want you to do just to make sure we got the right.

One make it bigger notice what happens to the feeling okay. Put it back down to its original size pull it closer to the body notice what happens to the feeling e that's right. Okay. Now put it away from you good now put a big thick black frame around it white the image out completely or black the image out completely notice which one makes it feel better the way you want to feel instead and now whether you're right-handed or left-handed in the index finger of your dominant hand.

I want you to write everything that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing by the way if you start yawning coughing choking giggling feeling emotion that's perfect just keep writing till you know you've got it all sometimes you may not like the lessons you learn. But that's okay. You don't have to like it you just have to accept it.

I hate the fact that. I'll never be six foot tall pisses me off. But. I accept it when you know you've got it shrink that frame down to the size of a postage stand it up over the top of your head and back behind the.

Horizon you know the sound a nail gun makes or maybe the sound of a bank volt slamming maybe the sound of a toilet flushing sound of that recycle bin notice the change notice it's gone think about what you want instead that that feeling used to be blocking notice where you feel that look. At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color connected to that feeling if you can't see color pretend you do notice what pops into your head reach in grab all that energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all sometimes that should hide when you got it all. I want you to start playing with the direction it's spinning till it becomes exactly what you want to feel instead when you got it spin it like a wheel in that direction double the speed double the force double the magnitude double the amplitude keep doubling it over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice those new feelings just getting stronger and stronger and stronger doubling and tripling in force and magude pay attention to what happens is for some mysterious reason takes on a life of its own it begins to get bigger more powerful stronger surging through your body in every way moving back through every level of your nervous system every level of your body and mind every place that you're harboring any less than positive experiences things you consciously know about things you unconsciously know about the energy rushes and surges through that area washing them away and.

Then at some point as that process continues it flows back back through all of your memories the ones you consciously aware of the ones you're unconscious. L aware of and it begins to change those memories at the root begins to modify magnify amplify only the ones that support this new way of being that move you forward faster and faster in the direction of the life you want while at the same time dissolving diminishing transforming any other memory. So that it only becomes a memory that supports this new way of being and for a brief moment in time you have the experience of having two sets of memories that's okay. Day and.

Then suddenly one set will begin to just dissolve replaced by this new set and each night while you sleep and while you dream your unconscious mind will take the learnings of this training the processes you've learned consciously and unconsciously and he he or she will apply them to every part of your mind every part of your body where you can most utilize this training or it'll do you the most good to put you on track for the life you want the way you want want it for as long as your heart continues to beat for as long as your lungs continue to be those. Transformations continuing to amplify. So that each morning upon. Awakening you'll see the world through new eyes.

Experience the world with. A. New. Perspective and a sense of adventure a sense of possibility realizing as good as it is now hell it's only getting better why because this is the worst you'll ever be at it.

First time you learn anything is the time you suck the most look. What you're doing already and the. Beautiful part is because your unconscious mind looks and feels and processes time differently than we do it could spend thousands of hours and days and weeks in the blink of an eye practicing these skills translating them to every part of your mind every part of your body. So that each night while you sleep and while you dream the part of your mind that can most utilize these skills will make all the necessary changes that cause you to become the person who can be do and have the life you want the way you want it you'll find your vibrations changing deep inside your mind body and soul to more pully attract the exact results you want in the way that you know that you're getting it by your standards and definitions now many times when those things manifest it'll seem like a coincidence it'll seem just oh it just happened realize that that's exactly how your unconscious mind always works if you're looking for a linear logical way of manifesting that's just a different part of your brain that thinks it knows as opposed to the part of your brain that actually does.

So in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I want you to allow your eyes. To open only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that your unconscious mind and every level of it is in full agreement full harmony with these processes seeing the world through new eyes.

Realizing it's only getting better take a look. Around notice how different you feel all. I ask is if you had a good time post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's thank you all for coming we'll see you.

Next week.
