Title: How to Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind
File Name: fZ8UDCNuLMs.txt
Video Id: fZ8UDCNuLMs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ8UDCNuLMs

I'm a little hyper today i think it's because i haven't seen you guys in. So long you guys ready to play you learn some cool stuff right. On okay. So wow look.

At that there's a lot of activity in the chat all right. So just um. So i you know for the sake of administrative things. First and foremost if you are brand new to planet david.

First thing i'd like you to do is type your name in the chat and where you're checking in from and if you feel. So inclined type into the chat what you would like to take away from today's webinar today's webinar is titled how to reprogram your subconscious mind for success health wealth and happiness in this exclusive online masterclass training you're going to learn some of the most powerful psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness those are the general guidelines of today's webinar. But i want to stress like i did in uh in our pre-talk this is your webinar this i have a you know our webinar we employ on planet data something we call a free-form webinar format what that means is we have an outline of the things we want to teach you. But at some point during this process what we're going to do is we're going to actually ask you very very quickly to type into the chat what it is you want to take away from this webinar and the reason for that is during the.

First part of our webinar we're going to explain who i am how i came to be here all that what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show. Then i'm going to go into the foundations are necessary for reprogramming your subconscious mind for specific applications once those foundations are laid and we've given you the building blocks of experience that we feel you need to have to be able to really apply this and have faith not just not just faith. But gnosis true i don't want to say belief because belief isn't strong enough. But certainty in in the techniques that you have we want you to build everything that you you do with planet david on a foundation of experience and the best part is you don't have to believe anything that we're about to teach you in order for it to work for you right.

Which is something that a lot of people can't really claim. But the truth is is that what we do very hard in planet david is we work very hard to distill these principles down to a core set of what i would call archetypal techniques techniques that every human being on the planet is built to be responsive to and if you unders if you go deep enough into those techniques you'll learn things about how you work as a being that go beyond you know tap into the laws of the universe and the mind and the body and they're all in harmony with the laws of physics. But we don't want you to come away believing something. So much as having experienced something because if you have an experience that becomes more solid than a belief and it lays the foundation for higher things.

So about for about. First 60 minutes i'm going to lay out foundations for you i'm going to run you through some drills we're going to hard wire and and really kind of zero in um your emotional system and your neurology to be able to apply the things that we're going to be teaching you in the. Third half of the webinar the. Second half of the webinar like i said before um this is a freeform webinar if you're used to like a 90 minute webinar where you jump on and um the the guy teases you for 90 minutes and that says buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff you might be a little bit disappointed and quite a bit surprised my job here is to give you powerful actionable techniques that you can take right.

Out of the world tonight or tomorrow and start applying with a result you don't have to believe any of it literally you just have to do it we distill it down the mechanics if you follow the process with the right. Attitude and that attitude is a playful curious explorational mindset when in doubt if you can pretend like when you were a little kid these techniques will work like gangbusters for you you don't got to believe it you just got to do it are we cool with that. So far are you with me. So far i know i'm talking a little fast probably all the caffeine i took.

Uh just prior to this actually i was cranking out some really good music. So um that's probably got a lot to do with it music affects my state a lot. So all right. So uh how many newbies we got just type me in the chat if you're a newbie all right.

Good now where are my veterans if you're a veteran of planet david if you've been be bopping around planet david for four or five six months if you have an experience real some real world experience using our techniques whether it's one class or whatever type in the classroom veteran your name where you're checking in from right. And there's a reason that i'm asking for my veterans to kind of raise their hand it's for the new people you see one of the things that's going to happen is there's several hundred people on this webinar both between the zoom platforms where we have almost 300 right. There and. Then we have you know probably close to another 150 200 people i haven't looked at the numbers yet.

But i'm guessing based on what our normal youtube audience is like the reason is is because people are going you're going to have questions right. And like i said before there's two chats going right. Now and the and the questions and the answers are flying by at light speed. So one of several things happens during every webinar.

First and foremost um sometimes people ask great questions. But i don't see them right. Um sometimes people ask great questions. But they're not directly relevant to the part of the webinar i'm teaching and to answer it would take us in a very different direction uh and sometimes um i just don't see your questions period understory.

So here's what's here's here's what i would like my veterans to do there's going to be several ways to get your questions answered. First and foremost if i see your question in the chat and it's relevant to the section that we're in i'm going to answer it right. Then and there b if i don't answer your question you can keep asking it right. You can just keep posting it in the chat maybe i'll see it maybe i won't.

However if my veterans see your question and you as a veteran have direct experience with the technique or the question that they're asking about please answer their question and share your experience okay. This is one of the things because you guys expect me to get on here and say my stuff is the greatest since sliced bread if you just do what i say life will be all unicorns and rainbows and you know you expect me to have an agenda talk to the people right. Beside you in those chats the people who've taken these skills out into the world and have actually used them they will tell you more about how workable these things are than anything that comes out of my mouth i can i can you know like i said you expect me to have an agenda and that's fine there is an offer connected to this this particular webinar. So like i said we're going to lay the foundations for the.

First half during the. Second half i'm going to present the offer that we put together connected to this webinar right. And. Then once we've done that we're going to circle back we're going to pick up where we left off and we're going to continue to teach for another 30 60 90 minutes on the areas that you want to know about the most.

So and the truth is like i said i could i could teach for days on this material because i do. So if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we got time for this much my commitment to you as your teacher today is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next step to take your life to the. Next logical level is that a fair trade if you think that's fair trade type yes.

I'll do that yes. I'll do that in the chat. So i know cool cool excellent excellent excellent all right. Very good with your permission.

Then i'd like to begin what i lovingly call the dr david dog and pony show and my. Last disclaimer before we get into content is if politically correct incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best use of your. Next 90 minutes to three and a half hours. But if you like to have fun and that's what i want to stress i want to i want to give you a um one technique right.

Off the bat show of hands or uh just by typing me in the chat how many of you would like to be up to 31 percent better at everything you do typically just type it type it in the chat if you'd like to be up to up to 31 better at everything you do without having to learn another thing okay. Here it is all you have to do to get up to 31 bump in your abilities in any given context is be fun playful easy going and curious okay. Now that particular metric based on research comes from the field of hostage negotiation now the only thing that i can think of that's more stressful than hostage negotiation is probably doing an evening in an la pickup bar right. Or our new york singles bar probably nothing more frightening than a hostage negotiation.

But what the stat what the statistics show us is that when the hostage negotiator comes in with an easy going playful exploration let's just see how this goes kind of an attitude he is 30 more resourceful 30 more per perspective a percent perceptive uh 30 31 more adaptable and his counterpart the hostage taker the bad guy is up to 30 to 31 more compliant responsive and obedient to the things and suggestible for lack of a better word to the hostage negotiator do you think that might be useful in your life is there any place where having the other person that you want to do things for you or give you something making them up to 31 more compliant or willing to do what you want is there anywhere in your life where that might be useful well guess what it's also true of your own neurology you see your own neurology even though it be it behaves in many ways like the department in a corporate are like divisions in a corporation it's designed to function as a holistic integrative unit unfortunately we haven't been taught well enough how to get one part of your neurology to talk to another part of your neurology and that's a big piece of what we're going to talk about tonight. So let me just give you a really quick background about me a lot of you know who i am a lot of you probably googled me right. So who is dr david snyder and why should i care. First and foremost i am an actual doctor of acupuncture and chinese medicine i graduated with my doctorate from pacific college of oriental medicine i've been a practicing acupuncturist and therapist for the.

Last 16 years now um yeah since about 2005 here in solana beach california where my specialty has been clinically helping helping people recover from physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotions. So i've literally looked into the minds and hearts of thousands of people to discover how do these people go from an emotional experience to a physiological catholic pathological disease and we made some amazing discoveries about how the mind works how the neurology works together and how these things can be tapped into to create lasting powerful change in you and me and everyone else we can do it as self-directed work we can do it as a coach therapist relationship it's very very powerful. But there's more to the guy in the vest than than just the doctorate oh that's a big piece i've also offered over 15 actually over almost 20 different products now on various forms of human influence everything from advanced conversational hypnosis and vibrational hypnotherapy to nlp courses mlp for copywriting storytelling and metaphor. So i'm known around the world as an expert in the the ability to behaviorally influence people um in fact in let me show you this really quickly in 2020 in 2020 i was named the the top nlp trainer of the year by globalgurus dot and my course killer influence uh was actually let me let me show this to you real quick this is a letter from globalgurus.org it was actually named the number one nlp course in the world by that same organization and you can see here all the people all the other courses that were in the running and we of course kind of took.

The number one spot uh and this is a little bit more about um other things that are relevant to this training and i'll just go through them really really quickly rather than have you look. At them. First of all i hold a 10 degree black belt in an art called wiki tempo which focuses on dealing with the energy systems of the body how the mind controls energy and the energy controls the mind things of that nature i have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kuntao secondary black belt in kosho temple roux. First to be black belt in an art called fon kuru um and of course i'm a certified instructor in combat systema cinco mano.

Is prima modern or nice and i have probably more energy healing credentials than mcdonald's sells hamburgers i'm making jokes. But i've been a reiki master since the early 90s since before reiki was cool i'm an advanced chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm certified in advanced dna theta healing thanks to energy healing and many many different systems of qigong um i've been a practicing hermetic hermetics practitioner and kabalista kawala practitioner uh since before madonna even heard of kabbalah. So i'm very much a prima donna um what do all these things actually have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind well the answer is two is twofold the. First one is pattern recognition okay.

The ability to recognize patterns and if you if you study the ancient systems you'll hear something referred to as uh the law of analogy which if we have time we'll we'll talk about that and the other is state control which is the ability to enter and exit any psycho-emotional state at will on demand this is a we call this one of our jedi skills this is one you probably won't ever see taught in a public video on youtube because to us as cool as these other things are that we give for free the state control work is the secret sauce it was it's what allows you to do in many cases sometimes these seemingly miraculous things um interpersonally and. Then once you get further into the training you can do them extra personally and you can do them trans personally it's it's interesting that our nervous system the autonomic part of us the autonomic nervous system actually not only interfaces and controls what's going on internally. But it interfaces with the non-local universe. So those of you who are interested in law of attraction those of you who are fascinated by hermetics and energy psychology and all these different disciplines connect they all connect with the autonomic nervous system and once you understand how that system works and how it communicates and how to reintegrate these different divisions i mentioned earlier life becomes fun it becomes your your body becomes a tool to create everything you want and this is a big piece.

But it has to start for you it has to start with this idea of fun playful let's play pretend kind of an approach okay. Are we are you with me. So far if you if you're with me. So far go ahead and type that in the chat okay.

I am operator says what courses have state control in it great question uh cpi level one has state control killer influence has state control identity by design has state control um and. Then of course to get in and vibrational influence also builds on state control. But you have to have those prereqs to get into it. So um.

So the question was you know um. Anyway. So are we good. So far.

So what does state control and pattern recognition have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind what does it have to do with success health wealth and happiness pretty much everything guys i'm using the editorial guys not the gender specific guys okay. So i just i'm in california sometimes i have to be careful how i say things because anybody who wants to get pissed off will right. But if politically incorrect language um bothers you you probably shouldn't spend any time on my channel because i don't i don't i don't mince words and i tell people what i believe and you either and if what i say offend you you're probably not my demographic. Anyway that being said um here's let's just kind of make this more relevant to you i'm going to read i'm going to list off a bunch of things and for everything that you um want for yourself just type in me i want that i want that right.

So how many people who would like to become more super attracted to the opposite sex and maybe make them find you charming fascinating and more irresistible anybody here want that all right. How many people want to stop being afraid maybe stop feeling insecure and be more confident and assertive in your life would that be cool cool how many of you would like to stop being a victim and being manipulated by other people is that something you might want okay. Pay attention because it's all in this webinar right. The techniques that i'm going to share with you in this webinar will let you do those things okay.

If you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance with more money to buy the things you want how about that would that be cool yes. You can do that we're going to talk about as we go through this process we're going to talk about the two most important factors for success and i want you to really embrace this okay. Just you don't have to believe me. But i want you to entertain the idea that what i'm saying might be true and just go do the processes and evaluate the results for yourself okay.

If you'd like to be able to nail job interview after job interview after job interview right. And have people like and admire and trust you would that be useful right. If you'd like to learn to inspire yourself and your employees to do the things you want them to do get your children and your spouse to treat you better or just do what you want them to do again again this is if you'd like to help your children be more successful in school maybe help your spouse get over some stuff that they've been carrying around for a long time right. Granted you're not there to be your spouse's therapist.

But sometimes there's nobody else to do the work right. Okay. If you'd like to surround yourself with lots of new and trustworthy friends loyal friends and be able to spot those. First of all you just found about 400 people just like you and there's a good chance there's a bunch of them in there that are willing to suit that for you.

Anyway let's move on shall we all right. So here's my personal promise to you um i'm gonna go back to my powerpoint really quick if you stay until the end this is what i can promise you i'm gonna teach you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness literally my friends if you can point to where you feel something you can change it i'm going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination if that's something you need to work on how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain limiting beliefs and. Finally i'm going to give you the exact steps you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time okay. Oh one more thing um i left a loop open about questions really quick if for some reason you've asked your question multiple times you're not satisfied with the answers that maybe my my students have given you and you want me to answer your question directly there will be a replay there's actually two replays for this video one is being recorded from zoom.

But youtube is actually recording this in real time as well and within a few minutes after we log off the webinar the replay on youtube will go live here's what you need to do if you really want your questions answered. First and foremost find the the live video segment where the replay is and type your question in the comment section below that video because for the. Next seven to ten days uh after every webinar and everything i post i scan those comments sections looking for questions that people have or that didn't get answered right. So if your question didn't get answered or you have an extended question like maybe i answered a question i've talked about something and you want me to elaborate on it or point you in a direction to do something when this video goes live on youtube or you know the replay goes live all you need to do is go to the comments section type in your question and i promise you uh i will answer your question one way or another if i know the answer i'll give it to you if i don't know the answer i'll tell you that too and i'll point you in a direction where i think you might look.

To find that answer is that fair if you think that's fair go ahead and type that in the chat cool all right. So let's talk about some things i want to drill down let's talk about foundations to reprogramming your subconscious mind. First and foremost there are two all-important ingredients that we need to have in place if we want to be successful and. Then the.

First one is identity what does that what do we mean when we talk about identity identity is the system the belief system you have in place the value system that you have in place you need to have an identity that says i can have this i deserve this okay. Um and. So in nlp we have a structure a model of belief system we call the hierarchy of beliefs and one of the things that we discovered functionally from nlp was that these beliefs that people have have um a hierarchy to them. But also you have two sets of beliefs within that hierarchy you have beliefs that you're aware of beliefs that you know about and.

Then you have beliefs that are below the threshold of conscious awareness and. So one of the things that that we have to do as practitioners diego is asking what is uh nlp nlp stands for neuro linguistic programming which is the study of how your autonomic nervous system creates your experience of the world subjectively in other words how does it create the pictures in your mind and how do you express those things through language a lot more than that really. But at the end of the day it's the study of how you run your mind and most of us run it by defaults i'm going to teach you how to take it off autopilot and start retraining it now this class this particular class goes well beyond traditional nlp in fact it goes light years beyond traditional nlp. So i just wanted to uh just you know without the risk of getting pulled aside thinking this is just about nlp certainly has nlp elements in it.

But it's a lot more than that it's more holistic it's what we call holographic memory theory which is an integration of hypnosis nlp energy psychology holographic memory resolution and a lot of martial arts stuff that most people have never heard of okay. So are we good. So far in terms of what i've talked about has this been useful have we learned anything. So far okay.

Good all right. So the. Second most important factor that we need to talk about is action action is the the glue that creates the ability for an identity to express itself let me show you a real quick diagram if i could uh and maybe we can go a little bit into this oops that's not the graphic i want uh here it is okay. Sorry about that i'm bouncing between different apps.

So um this may take me a little bit longer. So let's talk about these two most important elements uh in terms of achievement and this is one of the things that remember i said at the beginning of the webinar you don't need to believe anything that i tell you. But one of the things that we have to do when we start to program our subconscious mind is we must become aware of our beliefs and like i said before we actually have this is this is the hierarchy that nlp teaches this is called logical levels of belief um hold on a. Second and you can see at the very top we have we call the spiritual or purpose level all right.

We address these things uh in a workshop we call golden path if you've ever screamed at the universe i know and. Then here to do something if i could just figure out what it was we addressed that in our golden path training the one that we're going to spend a huge amount of time with on this webinar are the beliefs that are held here just below that spirituality level these are the identity and beliefs and values level now one of the things you need to understand functionally about your hierarchy of beliefs is that everything at the top controls everything at the bottom are we are we clear on that. So if i have an identity let's say i have the ability to be an amazing salesman right. I have an ability to be an amazing student i have a gift of gab um i'm very funny i'm very able to read people i can do all these things right.

But i have an identity that says i can't sell or i have an identity that says salesmen are slime i this level of belief will not allow me to effectively use those capabilities to their fullest extent does everybody get that if i have a limiting belief up here it will keep me from actually tapping into the abilities i have below or the behaviors that i need you see this a lot in people who have learned everything there is to know let me go back to this really quick here um you've seen this many of you have probably experienced this if you've ever uh wanted to start your own business right. And you've read every book. On entrepreneurship and you've you've gone to every seminar and you have your business plan laid out right. But you just can't take the.

Next step anybody ever feel blocked either in any part of that process like you knew everything there was that you needed to do right. But you just couldn't pull the trigger chances are the identity the this there's some limiting belief at the identity level or high or or or higher actually at the beliefs level or higher that is saying that is in conflict with your capabilities right. Jane says i'm there right. Now yeah we've all been there right.

And this is why i say identity is one of the most important factors in transformation and living your best life in in the attainment of health wealth success and happiness right. If you have the capability right. Using a health example right. If you have the capability to not put food in your mouth if you have the capability to get off your ass and walk 20 minutes.

But you have an identity that says i'm unathletic or i'm a lazy person or i'm a fat person or i'm overweight anytime you hear the word i am preceding a statement what you're hearing is what we call an identity statement it's a belief at that upper level and because the upper levels control the lower levels you won't be able to pull the trigger right. You guys with me. So far. So one of the things that happens many times when it comes to how we run our subconscious mind is that we confuse something we do with something we are let me give you an example um how many people just just for my edification how many people here are actually like therapists or coaches or have some kind of a business where they help people make transformations or changes anybody okay.

This is something i want you to listen for anytime you hear the words i am get ready because chances are there's a limiting belief behind it right. What it means is is they've created a a confusion they've confused something they are with something they do. So the example i want to give you is smokers people say i am a smoker right. Well when you say i am a smoker that's an identity that's that that means smoking from your pers from that perspective is as real and immutable as your arm or your leg and people will fight you know let's say let's say you know god forbid this is not a suggestion you'll ignore it as such um let's say god forbid something was diagnosed to be wrong with your arm or your leg and the only way to save your life was to have that armor leg removed now most of us would say i need to live more than i need that arm or leg go ahead.

But it wouldn't be an easy decision for us whether will be a huge amount of resistance to doing that true or not true type it in the chat true or not true right. So any time now this is again we're talking about mechanics now we're not talking about the kind of belief. But functionally what happens when you accept for example if you say if i'm a smoker. Then what you've literally done is you've given that activity that you do because smoking is not an identity smoking is a behavior and if you go back to this little chart right.

Smoking is a behavior that means it's down here sorry how was that it's down here right. We've confused who we are with something we do. So many times if you just change how you talk about the belief change how you talk about the identity statement. So let's play with this just for fun right.

Um let's see if i can come up with a good example that everybody can relate to uh let's see all right. Let's do this um let's try this i uh i want you to say i am lazy just say it i am lazy right. Or try this um i am my clothing right. You play with it i always now change it a little bit and say i sometimes do lazy things what happens when you go from an i am statement to an i do statement what do you notice about your perspective on the issue it changes it's not all the time exactly you see when you when you're doing an identity statement that's just who you are it's there all the time.

So one of the things that we need to do as self-actualizing human beings people who are going to run our brain rather than have it run us right. To run our autonomic nervous system instead of having it run us is we need to audit the statements we make both internally and externally and anytime we find ourselves connecting an i am statement to something that is limiting us we need to change it from an i am to what i do or i sometimes experience or i have. So you know one of the best meditations i ever learned that really kind of drilled down on this idea came from the product healing system and they would talk about well do this let's try this one since people don't like doing something said i don't want to do a limiting belief. So say this say this to yourself i have emotions i have i or say i am my emotions let's try that one i am my emotions i am my memories notice how that feels right.

Now just just change it a little bit and say i have emotions notice how that feels now say i do emotions what do you notice when you change the just the subtle change in the word what do you notice happening inside of you i am emotional okay. Different meaning which gives you more control which do you have more control over right. Because the truth is you are not your emotions you do them emotions are something you do they're not something you are that makes any kind of sense. So again this whole idea of of who are we what is our identity now could the inverse all still work in other words we know now that a lot of times the things that hold us back are a confusion of something we are capable of something we do something that's in our environment that we're confusing is something we are right.

Could it work in reverse could we take something that we want to be part of our identity and with a slight change of wording begin to create a different version of ourselves what would happen let's just play with it again i do successful i do things that lead to success let's start with that statement i do things that lead to success or i embody the actions necessary to be successful right. And now let's move let's move it up the hierarchy what do you notice when you say those things. First of all pope okay. Beautiful now try do this now stay to yourself i am a successful human being i am a successful person i am a success what happens more powerful i am an action-oriented self-achiever attack it to the i am statement what happens inside of you you don't believe it excellent good place to start sandra and i'm gonna i'll explain that in a minute because that's actually where i was leading you.

Next you instantly change it though yes. Okay. So and andre when you say instantly you got resistance very good very good because now we're going to go to part two of auditing your belief system felt fake okay. Very good all right.

Would you like to know again how many of you noticed that um in a positive how many of you notice the positive change type that in. First okay. Good good okay. So we know the principle is sound true not true because if it did if it didn't affect you there would be no.

Change true or not true okay. So what happened for the other folks why is it that when they said i am a success or i am an action-oriented being why do they suddenly feel negative it's because of the. Second aspect of belief identity conflict is actually it's true enough to be true. But let's drill down a little bit more is it okay.

If i go back to my diagram to kind of explain this yes. Yes. Okay. Okay.

So going back to our diagram let me erase all this stuff here. So we don't get confused you'll notice above the pyramid i have two things typed we have two types of beliefs within this hierarchy we have beliefs we know about and beliefs we do not know about when you took. The belief at a lower level and began applying it beyond its normal range you started to stimulate the beliefs you don't know about those are the beliefs below the threshold of conscious awareness now here's something i want you to write down and i want you to physically write it down and i want you to photocopy it as big as humanly possible and i want you to paper your house with it. So that every room in your house has at least one of these reminders right.

Here's here and here's and here's the print the. First principle that i want you to understand about running your own mind and body everything human beings do everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of let me repeat that a couple more times everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they either want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of how many of you noticed even the people who reported a positive feeling when you said that when you did the positive i am statement there was actually two feelings that came up one was that positive oh that's an awesome belief or an awesome feeling to have and maybe in the background there was this little icky nagging niggly feeling anybody notice that okay. Congratulations you just figured out how to find the beliefs you didn't know you didn't know you had there's an old saying i don't remember exactly where i heard it. But it's as true today as the.

First time i read it the conscious mind shouts the unconscious mind whispers when you and this is probably the time to talk about the six dynamics of an unconscious response. But the. First one is um it's never allowed and it's never linear okay. And here's what i mean when you said i am a successful human being again think about this in context of affirmations right.

You have this great feeling yeah that's true and. Then in the background there's this little nagging feeling like no. You're not you're lying no. You're not no.

You're not no. You're not right. That little far off in the distance far away background feeling is actually the deeper belief it's the part of you that will hold you back from taking action right. Unconscious responses have a far away quality to them right.

You with me. So far sometimes i don't realize the icky feeling yes. That's true because consciously we focus on the good feeling and because we're taught to ignore negative feelings we're taught to just tough it out and will our willpower our way through things right. We're taught to will power our way through things we just focus on the positive feeling and don't pay attention to the negative feeling now that works a lot except when your willpower starts to give out you see your willpower is a finite resource your willpower is based on your blood sugar and the amount of sleep that you've had that's why as long as you're getting good sleep as long as there's not a lot of stress in your life diets are fairly easy to stick to.

But the minute life gets tense the minute you get emotionally aroused you're up to your waist in the refrigerator sucking down pizza and beer right. Anything that will lead to a hedonistic pleasure-based state change does that make sense how many can relate to this young pizza [Laughter] somebody's hungry okay. So here's one of the. Next pieces the.

Next foundation thing that we need to have a you have everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or feeling they want a whole lot less of b you have two sets of beliefs feelings you're aware of feelings you're not aware of. But all of those feelings conscious or unconscious have a feeling associated with them if you can isolate the feeling and you can point because every feeling has a body location we call it a somatic address every feeling you have has a body address where that information comes together and is expressed we call this again we'll circle back to that probably in the. Second half of the webinar when we get to some of the actual techniques. But once you once you isolate the submatic address you actually have the key to the lock to unpack it and fix it you with me.

So far. So for every limiting belief you have if you can here's the. Next piece if you can point to where you feel it you can change it you with me. So far if you can point to where you feel it you can change it what's an example all right.

Oh well we'll do a quick one okay. Think of something on a scale a shittiness scale of zero to ten that you'd like to fix like let's do something in the zero to one range because i i want to stay on track because i have according to my schedule i have about another 20 minutes or. So to lay the foundations and. Then do everything i feel like okay.

Fine point to where you feel it now close your eyes. Unless you're driving don't do this if you're driving okay. So whatever it is if it's in your body you know it's in your gut it's in your heart i don't know if it's in your shoulder i don't care if it's in your butt just point to where you feel it now close your eyes. For a moment and if there were i want you to imagine something for me if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling in your body a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it just reach out and touch it in the space around you there's a whole science behind this.

But you don't need to know to make this work now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands right. So you know how big it is right. Now grab the edges of it physically reach out and grab it and just to make sure we've got the right. One let's make that picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling in your body tell me what happens to the feeling in your body type it in the chat nice now okay.

Now one of several things will happen a you make the picture bigger the feeling will get stronger some of you when you make that picture bigger the feeling will get less intense that's okay. It's just important to know which one you do right. You cough very good let's put it back to its original size now as you tap into the picture without changing the size of the picture slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feelings in your body and. Then put it back and type what happened when you move the picture closer to your body okay.

Dr if it's already close move it further away got better right. The vast majority of you noticed what it changed how the hell does that work how does point where i feel something in my body reaching out and touching a picture in my mind it's not in your mind by the way it's in your vibrational field how did that work it's because we're linking different divisions of your nervous system and we're tapping into the basic programming language your ans your autonomic nervous system uses to build your thoughts your memories your beliefs your feelings here's another principle i want you to write down one of this is. Then right. You are not the way you are because of what happened to you you are not the way you are because of the things that happen to you you are the way you are because of the way you recorded everything that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings you with me.

So far again i'm going to say this again you are not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you are the way you are because of the way you've recorded the things that happened to you and the way you've been relating to those recordings. So let's play a little bit let's go back to this picture just for fun this is not the technique we're going to be doing. Later. But this is another way to play i want you to trace the outline of that picture once again just for fun and now what i want you to do is i want you to shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller and i want you to move it as far away from you into the future forward as possible and notice what happens to the feelings in your body in other words point you where you feel it reach out and touch it shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller and push it away from you and notice what happens to the feeling it disappears wait a minute i pointed to where i felt something reached out and touched something i shrank it down i moved it away and i felt better holy no.

Trance involved by the way no. Or no. Hypnotic trance involved will this work with weight loss yes. Now before you guys get all excited there's a whole system here whole system.

But i needed i wanted to give you just a primer of what we can do there's a whole bunch of technique coming up that you're going to be able to write your own ticket with okay. That's my gift to you for bearing with me and following it dr says i did it and. Then i was like oh i miss it yes. Because we didn't do the tech we didn't do a technique called the magic frame and we're going to talk about it how many of you have ever noticed that every now and.

Then you think you've. Finally gotten rid of something and. Then all of a sudden it comes back out of nowhere ever notice that right. It's because you have what we call safety lessons attached to these holographic memory containers right.

What we're dealing with now is holographic memory theory all right. This is very different there's some nlp there's nlp is one of the core systems that we integrate to create this phenomenon in this process. But it's not all of it. But are you have you learned something powerful.

So far has this been useful has this been a good use of the. Last 45 minutes 48 minutes of your time okay. Cool. So here's what i'd like us to do we will revisit this whole phenomenon after in part three of today's webinar.

But there's more we need to learn okay. So the. First thing we're going to do is we're going to we're going to talk about how do we actually talk to and communicate with our own subconscious mind how do we actually do that right. And.

Then once we understand how how to do that how do we give it commands sword sister's asking holographic memory container yes. There i'll i'll show you a picture of how i um i conceptualize it uh in part three of the webinar right. So you're gonna want to stay on until part three because we're going to dive deep i promise you you think it's crazy now where do we get to part three right. Are you do you guys want to learn more show of hands emery says because you rock you guys rock okay.

But i needed to give you i needed to give you an experience right. Because it's not enough that david says it's true it's enough when you can create change yourself right. I'm only one guy i can't do everybody as much as i would like to right. I have to teach you how to empower yourselves now there will be things that you're going to want my help with there's going to be way you know levels that you're going to want to take this to beyond that.

But if you come away with nothing for the investment of your time why would you want to go any further right. So dr says i want to deal with missing that missing thing thank you for empowering us you're very welcome you're very welcome all right. So review real quick to add two ingredients to success identity and action you got to take action for everything you do to change up here you've got to balance it with some physical or correlate in the world you got to get off your ass and become the person that can have it which means maybe going to school maybe picking up the phone and making a phone call maybe it's buying the right. Food maybe it's enrolling in in you know getting a degree i don't care my one of my teachers uh taylor sinclair used to say you can be or do or have anything you want in this life.

But. First you must become the person who deserves to have it carter we're going to cover that in part three because it's based on the things we just did right. You got it and i know a lot of people especially people who are fans of law of attraction who they do these vision boards and they do these affirmations and they sit and they wait for the phone rings that are getting off their butt and actually going out and doing something you got to take action folks and there's reasons your neurology will trick you into not taking action because at the end of the day one of the prime directives of your unconscious mind is to keep you safe and doing something different than you're used to is threatening right. Remember your unconscious mind actually just wants things that are familiar and that's one of the big problems we have when we're dealing with change and transformation to be something different to have something different by definition you must do something different right.

Again somebody mentioned the word comfort zones lisa sassevich one of my online mentors used to love to say comfort zones are wonderful things. But nothing ever grows there. So the. First thing i need you to do is to be willing to become uncomfortable and that involves getting off your button taking action now the degree of action that you take that's up to you whatever as long as you're taking action in in palatable chunks that's fine.

But you got to do it folks you got to do it okay. And if you don't no. Amount of positive thinking there's not enough hypnosis or nlp in the world to get you to manifest something you're not willing to take physical actions in the world to achieve to externalize it in some way. So let's talk about dialoguing with the unconscious mind we're going to tap into our emotions and and and into this.

Second level here if you notice um in this list right. Below identity right. Below the identity level we have this thing called beliefs and values and this is where a lot of people uh when it comes to hitches and their manifestation kind of missed the vote we're going to delve deep into that in the. Next drill.

But going forward i want you to write down or take a screenshot of this okay. When you dialogue with your subconscious mind there are six principles six principles that you must embrace and you must use as your guideline. First and foremost your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally okay.

So if you're a hypnotist or a behavioral profiler or an interrogator when you ask them or a lie detector the. First thing you're going to do when you talk to somebody when you interview somebody the. First thing you're going to do is you're going to ask them a question and you're going to watch what their face and their body does in the. First half a.

Second before the words come out of their mouth that's what's true when we start to dialogue with the unconscious mind whatever comes up. First no. Matter how stupid non-linear uh ridiculous it may seem is always the right. Answer okay.

Whatever comes up. First will almost will always be the right. Answer the. Second thing you need to understand about rule number you know little joke uh rule number one the boss is always right.

Rule number two when the boss is wrong see rule number two a rule number one same idea here the unconscious mind always answers. First and it always answers honestly. So here's the deal your unconscious mind will not lie to you it won't lie to you if you pay attention to what happens. First the.

First responses are always the most honest responses the. Third thing to understand is it always feels like you're making it up all right. Because the part of you that regulates your neurology the part of you that regulates your memories and your fantasies and your fears is the same part of you that makes up you know people used to make a joke about the word fear false education appearing real well that means something's making it up right. It's your unconscious mind okay.

So your unconscious mind will always answer. First it will always answer honestly it will always feel like you're making it up this is the big one especially if you're a therapist of any kind you will always have an urge to edit what just came up if i had a dollar for every time i was working with a client i say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of x y z problem they go back they they come in for something that happened in their 30s they wind up five years old watching their parents argue about something had nothing to do with them and the. First thing out of their mouth the.

First thing that plays in their minds is that can't be right. That's not it right. If you find yourself doing that at any pro in any part of the processes we're going to work on together realize that is your conscious mind trying to edit your reality you understand what i'm saying that is your conscious mind trying to be in charge of something you can't control right. Those of you who are therapists who do any kind of trance work if you would just teach your students and teach your clients these six dynamics just teach them these six dynamics eighty to ninety percent of all resistance to change that you would encounter goes right.

Out the window people would no. Longer come out and transcend i don't think i was hypnotized right. Why because this mirrors the exact dynamic they're going to encounter when they go into any trans process whether it's self-directed whether it's hetero or other directed the moment they go inside and they start dialoguing with themselves there's going to be two parts that answer there's going to be the unconscious mind and. Then the conscious mind the neocortex the rational lying brain is going to try to edit it and take it over and make it sound acceptable as opposed to honest because that's what your neocortex does it's designed to create rationales it's the part of you that lies ladies and gentlemen when we look.

At people when we go when we teach lie detection remember what we're looking at is a battle between the person's neocortex their conscious critical faculty and their unconscious mind what their unconscious mind wants to do versus what their conscious mind wants to show are you are you with me now am i talking too fast or too much just let me know you're with me okay. Stop unconscious mind always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud remember when we were talking about the i am statements and we had this loud feeling and. Then in the background there was this quiet nagging distant deep feeling that's the true powerful unconscious belief it always it's never loud it's never linear in other words when you start to unpack that little often the distance feeling and you start to kind of look.

Inside of it and see what's there it will almost never be what you expect to find it will never be linear in other words again just actually albert you you know this very from golden path. But we'll say it again someone comes into my office they're 35 years old they went through a divorce when they were 31 years old it's been three years or four years they still can't get past they still can't get over they're still enraged about everything that happened and it's up their life and they say this happened when i was 31 i haven't been able to get past it i need your help to put this behind me should be that's a clue right. There about what to do about it. But.

Anyway you put them in the chair you put them in trend you say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of xyz problem they expect to go back to 31 years old all of a sudden they're three years old watching their parents argue over a bottle of scotch about he's cheating on her and all this stuff has nothing to do with the child not linear they expect to go to 31 they wind up at three that's not linear you almost never wind up where you expect to wind up. So when people come in and this is for anybody who does any kind of transport we have this concept we call the presenting problem when people come into your treatment room when people come into your treatment room they have an expectation they think they know what the problem is they think they know where it started they do not i can count of the thousands of clients i've had i can count on one hand and have fingers left over how many times the person in the chair was actually right. Okay.

It's that consistent what we think is the problem is never the problem it's the symptom it's like the check engine light on your dashboard when you're driving down the road and that check engine light goes off do you go rushing to the gas station to get the light fixed or do you go rushing off to the the the mechanic to get what the light is connected to fixed when people come into your clinic when you think you have a problem what you think is the problem is never the real problem it's never the root of the problem it's the check engine light on the dashboard are you with me. So far okay. We all work this way you understand that if you're a human being with an autonomic nervous system and a pulse this is how it works you may have subtle distinctions or subtle unique aspects to your neurology. But the vast majority of how you process and how you do things is exactly this and there was a question asked about how do we get back to three years old is because your unconscious mind does not group things in linear time it gives you the illusion of linear time it groups things at the subconscious level by what they have in common okay.

And. So you can almost guarantee when you start to unpack that sequence of events to its root cause there will be all kinds of other events that have something in common maybe there's a theme maybe there's um a particular person or a particular context. But they all have something in common that the unconscious mind views as similar and. So it lumps it together it's very efficient that way.

But it's not linear from the unconscious mind's perspective going forward everything makes sense from the conscious mind's perspective looking back none of it lines up just how we work are we cool. So far all right. So would you what would happen quick question what would happen if you could literally reach into a person's heart find out exactly what they most wanted and talk to them in such a way that they would literally salivate from the deepest level of their soul to do what you wanted them to do would that be powerful for you ethically and honestly would it be useful all right. Let me ask you a question what if you could do that to yourself what if you could get yourself.

So fired up. So motivated. So feeling empowered and desirous that nothing would stop you from taking the. Next step would that be useful would you like to learn how to do that okay.

The. Next drill we're going to talk about is called the emotional motivation checklist and it relates back to that in that values and criteria level we talked about in the hierarchy right. Um. So here's a there's a drill.

So for this you're going to need some pencil a pencil and paper and i would prefer if you can i know a lot of you like to use tablets and keyboards and stuff like that. But for this drill if possible i would like you to use a pen and paper and physically write these things out would that be okay. Okay. And again when we come back for part three of the webinar i'll elaborate more on how this works and how to integrate it.

But i need you to have this experience right. Now okay. So let me go to my page here all right. So what i'm going to put on the screen shortly is a template that i'd like you to follow and i'll explain it as we go emotional motivation checklist yes.

Okay. And for those of you who are asking um if we have time i'll put the the six crit six dynamics of an unconscious response um on the screen. But right. Now we got to keep in time.

So we can help you with your your actual specific problems okay. So here's what i want you to do right. Now i want you to stop for a moment i want you to think about if you had the tools and the techniques that i'm describing to you and you knew how to use them perfectly what's that going to do for you taking and if maybe maybe you decided to take the. Next step and and up level and work personally with me in in groups or whatever and you got the skills that you needed what's important what would that do for you what would you have and again you don't have to type it in the chat you can if you want to.

But i want you to actually write this on a tablet or a notebook. Right. And that's that's where we start what would that do for you right. So what would that do for me what would having failed in do for me right.

Let's go back to let's go to the template now okay. This is called the emotional motivation checklist what do you want type it or write it on your sheet right. And ask you and again i asked you what's it going to do for you right. So you should have filled this in already and.

Then i want you to ask yourself the. Next question if you hadn't stop a moment close your eyes. If you if you had it what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste and ask yourself this question out loud what's important about getting it what's important about having it now for work you know here's an example i gave you is you know if you're if you've got wealth would it be freedom security and i'll be able to rent whatever it is whatever comes up. First i want you to write those exact words say it out loud and write those exact words on the sheet below the question right.

Once you've done that i want you to close your eyes. And i want you to imagine what that would be like imagine what you know using the wealth freedom security example or being a better self or being in touch with your higher self or whatever what would that be like what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste and as you live that and you feel it in your body ask yourself this question what's important about that right. So you've talked you talked about what you wanted what's it gonna do for you what's important about it and. Then you ask yourself after i have that what's it gonna do for me or what's what's important about it and maybe like for the example here it's knowing i can support my family feeling secure i don't care what it is i'm just using that as an example right.

Whatever comes up. First use the exact words and. Then imagine having that write down what that will do for you and. Then below that ultimately if you got a and you got b and you got c ultimately what would that do for you and what is important about having it now here's a secret if you're not feeling something as you're writing this you're missing something you're probably editing or feeling self-conscious.

But i don't care whatever it is i want you to write these three things down and when they're when you've written them i want you to just type done in the chat for me okay. Good perfect now how many of you when you were writing them down notice feelings in your body shifting and changing cool you ready to supercharge that you want you want to know you want to see how fast your nervous system can get primed i want you to stand up now i want you to hold your paper in your hand and out loud i want you to read out only the answers to those questions read them out loud in a nice strong voice five times you can do more. But i want you to do it five times and when you've done that just type done in the chat right. Now type in the chat what did you feel what do you notice about your mind and body right.

Now happy oh you're beautiful felt energetic good is this okay. To feel this way realize now you can do it on demand can't you you can do that are you ready to take some freaking action now are you ready to go get it you ready to do whatever it takes yes. Or yes. As tr becker would say right.

You did this for yourself you can do this for anything this is level one of blowing out procrastination getting in touch with your own deeply held emotional heart centered reasons for why you do anything does that make sense would you like to take it to the. Next level all right. Then with your permission i'd like to share with you a package i put together that will allow you to harness and leverage everything we've talked about and completely transform your life in any aspect that you if you choose to apply them with your permission i'd like to talk to you about the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training for success home study course this is a combination of several very powerful systems that i put together for you based around what we call the holographic memory theory and the identity by design systems that will allow you to fully take charge of your own neurology in very simple very easy very user-friendly steps and harness that power to remove the blocks your success eliminate procrastination acquire the skills and abilities you need to make your life everything you want it to be and to become the very best version of yourself it'll allow you to make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident feel more powerful and ultimately become more charming charismatic and irresistible and that's just the beginning there is no. Top level to what you can do with these skills okay.

So here's what we put together now this offer does expire this evening 11 59 pm pacific on december 15 2021 here's what you're going to get secrets of personality transformation home study course is a 14 video set it covers the entire seven stage identity by design process for mind control training this is a system that targets each of the building blocks of personality and temperament it allows you to clear unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs even the ones you didn't know you have how to remove unconscious safety rules that are actually keeping you stuck that magic frame thing we played with at the beginning of today's webinar when we circle back for part three you're going to figure out just a small section of the identity by design course we're going to show you how to just put a dead stop hold to a lot of these limiting beliefs that are keeping you from taking action it's a 297 value. But it will change your life okay. It'll remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back we'll show you how to change that dialogue that tells you all the reasons why you can't and turns them into reasons why you can that builds you up instead of hold you back if you're wondering what i mean when i say the negative voices in your head it's that voice in your head that just said what voice okay. We're gonna teach you how to install the four pillars of personal power and success uh curiosity playfulness relentlessness and triumphant and once you have this process you can load into your body as a default mechanism any state that you want we give you four to start with and the mechanics of how to do it and you can put anything you want in after that if you want to put orgasmic in there or ecstatic in there or um you know i'm trying to think of what other states person might want ecstasy right.

I don't care right. 297 dollar value. Then we're going to teach you how to sanitize all the negativity from your past memories and trauma drain the energy out of them take that energy put it into all of your positive memories. So that when you look.

Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better okay. This is part uh five of the identity by design process we're going to take that entire system here how to clean clearing unconscious beliefs safety rules negative with this entire process right. Here and we're going to install it at the genetic level. So that it becomes a template that your neurology follows and.

So you've got hardwired with these transformational skills that just fight stuff at the unconscious level and every time your cells multiply and divide these suggestions and techniques get compounded it's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to borrow and install the genius skills and abilities of other people and install them into your own personal blueprint for success what does that mean it's based on a phenomenon known as the reich effect otherwise known as deep trans phenomena because you have this thing called mirror neurons you can take the skills and abilities of people you are observing and interacting with and install them as a template in your own neurology and actually begin to exhibit those skills and personality traits for yourself it's not theory it's proven the russians the soviets were doing it for decades uh nlp and conversation and ericksonian hypnosis has been doing it forever most of your sports um hypnotists and performance hands do some form of dti there's even a system out now called the superhero method which is basically deep trance identification you'll learn how to do it in the fastest most direct most simple way humanly possible and put the cherry on your own personals sunday we're also going to give you the identity by design course manual which is almost 180 pages of some of the most powerful transformational techniques both those listed here as well as secrets of conversational hypnosis how to give yourself suggestions how to do instant and rapid inductions a bunch of imagination games that you can use for fun and profit in different locations that allow you to harness the powerless unconscious mind and really allow you a fun playful way to hone your skills plus you get access to a powerful very uh loving and supportive online community with over 210 active members actually a lot more than 210 now. But this slide's a little bit old. So um that's what you get total retail for this is 2497. But we're not going to stop there obviously one course is powerful.

But the mix of the magic is in the mix. So we've bundled some other systems along with this to help support you and to flesh out your reprogramming subconscious mind skills. So let me show you what else we got for you today only. First of all we've got these extra special bonuses you're going to get the actual five day identity by design hypnotherapy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to throw this in for you absolutely free and this will take you systematically through our entire hypnotherapy polographic memory theory based transformational system that targets the seven different aspects of how to reprogram the subconscious mind you're going to learn how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason um we you know we literally have classes on record doing full-blown hypnotic processes in the lobby of a busy hotel undergoing renovations right.

Next to a curtain with a jackhammer in operation behind it in the. Last identity by design class that we did there was some major disturbances going on in the hotel didn't matter our people just blew right. Through all those obstacles you'll be able to do this stuff anytime anywhere for any reason we're going to teach you how to remove the blocks and limiting beliefs that you both know you have and the ones you didn't know you have and teach you how to systematically get rid of those how to find and remove the hidden negativity the secret safety rules that are actually designed to keep you from taking the actions you know you need to take to get the life you want and be the person you want to be we'll show you how to find them we'll show you how to get rid of them and transform them and put something better in their place how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away if you have a problem that goes away you know you go to a therapist and. Then it comes back a few days.

Later or within a few minutes we'll show you how to address that. So that it goes away and it goes away for good we're going to tell you how to change that creepy voice inside your head. So that it builds you up and comforts you and loves you and lets you know how much you're loved instead of tearing apart and telling you how much you're not enough okay. We're going to teach you how to resolve the negativity from your past by draining that energy shattering those memories and.

Then building and amplifying your positive memories and uh. So that when you look. Back on the past it only empowers you we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of the people you want and get rid of the ones you don't we're going to teach you incident rapid induction we're going to give you an introduction to basic regression a very powerful transformation technique called the gift spinning magic framing holographic memory resolution basics the secrets of self-hypnosis and auto suggestion all these things are and how to actually interview clients and have a 99 success conversion rate from prospect to therapeutic customer okay. That's all you're going to get all of that 1497 plus the manual 1497 value we're going to give it the absolutely free total combined value with the personality transformation combined with the uh identity by design hypnotherapy home study course hundred and ninety 2994 dollars.

But we're not done there we're not going to stop because again um if you can't be in the live event this is what you need to support you and moving forward. So we're also going to add the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course it's a 1497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free here's what this is going to do for you based on what you learned in identity by design based on what you've learned in secrets of personality transformation we're going to teach you how to find and remove blocks to manifestation to health to wealth and happiness you didn't know you had again both on a spiritual level an identity level of values level all the way down we're going to teach you how to become a money magnet how to actually magnetize yourself and transform your limiting beliefs in and around money and take the positive actions that allow you to draw money into you and become aware of opportunities for making more money that were all around you. But because of the way your nervous system was programmed was selectively screening them out for you how to find and remove hidden negativity clear up issues that just don't seem to go away had a a powerful new year information method for programming your mind if you've ever done affirmations this will turn your ability to do affirmations upside down back and forward you will be able to soup just like you felt when you're doing the emotional motivation checklist when you apply this information mind programming method every part of your body will align and generate the exact frequencies that it needs to become the person who can have those things there will be almost no. Resistant action no.

Resistance to the transformation because of the way this particular method aligns the different aspects of your neurology you become hyper motivated you become more motivated in doing five repetitions of the information process than you will do in hours of regular affirmations. So if you're tired of just sitting there writing the same thing over and over again and feeling like a phony this will completely blow that out of the water okay. Because it works in the way it works the way your neurology is designed to work rather than just repetition repetition method repetition is important. But proper repetition is actually more important than rote repetition.

So we'll shoot you how it works we'll teach you how to do it and you will be amazed at the things you'll be able to accomplish in the shortest amount of time possible we're going to show you how to attract the things you want and change what you deserve again addressing that belief level and identity level to clear all those blockages again removing all the negativity from your past. But not just this past past lives as well uh things you generally you inherited um genetically from your ancestors okay. These are all things that we can address we're going to install the traits quality and characteristics of naturally lucky people this is a big deal there are actually five psychological characteristics that all lucky people have that if you program your mind with these particular traits your reticular activating system the organic part of your brain that controls what you pay attention to will actually reorganize itself to draw more lucky events into your life okay. Very powerful we actually act um we actually did a webinar not too long ago where we actually this was actually the one of the big bonuses it's part of this course.

So you actually learn it as part of the overall laws of attraction system you see the hit though the law of attraction isn't one law this is why a lot of people fail at it it's actually like 11 different laws that work together if you don't understand these laws they can undermine your success we're going to teach you what all of these things are. So you can put them together in the exact way that makes your neurology unstoppable okay. We're going to teach you how to discover the most powerful engine of transformation on the planet this is known as image cycling and i have not found even as powerful as your informations aren't as much as i love your informations nothing manifests and changes your reality as powerfully and as irrevocably in many cases um as the image cycling process and we're going to teach you that as part of this and much much more again it's a 1497 value we're going to give it to you free total combined value. So far is five thousand four hundred and ninety one dollars.

But again we're not stopping there because one of the things you have to do my friends is for all the internal work you do all the alchemy work you do inside your head if you don't have the skill set remember we talked about action being one of the most important ingredients to success well there's two reasons people don't take action they either don't want to or they don't know how to. So the. First couple of courses that we just explained to you will take care of the house the want to this course takes care of the how-to and what do i mean by that one of the most powerful tools we have in a society is the ability to persuade and influence other human beings in an ethical and honest way to get people to actually want what we want them to do. So part of this package that we're sharing with you is our real world hypnosis uh real world conversation hypnosis stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol level 1 training this is going to teach you how to instantly utilize hypnotic language and other forms of trans work in normal conversation without anybody ever realizing you're doing it in an ethical powerful and honest way they'll allow you to conversationally mesmerize and have people hanging on your word anytime anywhere under any circumstances for any reason how to emotionally bond and connect with anyone you need instantly in such a way that you become the most fascinating person in their world and they will move heaven and earth to maintain a deep level connection with you including doing what you want them to do because they're going to get everything they want as a byproduct of this okay.

You're going to learn how to control your emotions and use them to influence others. So nobody can ever push your buttons again you can become instantly aware when other people are trying to manipulate you and you can instantly regain your mental and emotional composure anytime anywhere regardless of who tries to knock you off kilter this is one of the most powerful aspects of our our training system remember i talked about at the beginning of today's class how what we do distills down to two basic things right. State control and pattern recognition and some of you ask well where do we where do we learn where do we go to to learn that state control this is where you learn it this is one of the places where you will actually tap into that full state control training module learn how to modulate and regulate all of your emotions. So you can go into and out of any emotional state on command you can use it as a bridge to another person's nervous system tap into them figure out what they're feeling and.

Then change your feelings and cause theirs to change as well. So they feel emotionally bonded to you and willing and eager to do what you want them to do it's very very powerful and it's one of the most important skills you need to make your life everything you want it to be what would your life be like just for a moment what would your likes be like if nobody could push your buttons for more than a few seconds ever again i mean the moment you got taken by surprise you got to instantly get your mind and body under control would that be a useful skill to have this is what it's going to do for you okay. Let's move back okay. Um again if you want to have people hanging on your every word become irresistibly charismatic and attractive this is the course that opens the door to actualizing and expressing yourself to one person in writing in any form of language based communication it works in letters it works in text chats emails video conferencing you name it it works and much much more there's much more to this course amazing amazing stuff it's the only really it's the only persuasion course you'll ever really need um.

But you'll probably want more. But this is where you start the 1950 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So if you added up everything we've talked about. So far you're looking at a combined value of over 7 441 if you register for this package before the end of the webinar we're also going to throw in uh a really cool course let me ask you a question has anybody ever said no.

To you has anybody have you ever asked somebody to do something for you and they just came up with all these bs reasons for why they didn't want to do it or they had this belief that said they couldn't do it or shouldn't do it or whatever have you ever had beliefs that you wanted to change what if what would your life be like if for every objection and limiting belief you encountered both in yourself and in other people what if you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief and that's individually and you combine those 14 different ways in any combination to create even more what could you do with a power like that that's what renegade reframing is all about renegade reframing is all about how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes. So if you are a person who makes their living helping people change their beliefs overcoming limiting or dealing with objections negotiations mediations argumentation um transformations of any kind and you run up against the even in yourself you can use these 14 patterns to transform any limiting belief in just minutes during normal conversations you can use it on yourself and we even actually created a little card game that you can use to play with friends we call it the reframe game where you can throw these limiting beliefs at each other hit them with a card and they have to use that pattern to reframe the belief we actually show up in this course we actually give you the entire game the full manual as well as you'll see actually on video people playing the game and mastering these 14 patterns and just rattling them off pack that over and over and over again if you want to get really good at any form of linguistic conversational belief change this is the course that allows you to do it okay. This is the one based on the the the 14 discrete patterns that founder nlp richard bandler actually used to take on his students who he had just trained to try and reframe beliefs and get people to challenge their beliefs to just beat them into philosophical submission and overcome them over and over and over again now there's many ways to utilize these patterns we want you to use it in an ethical and honest way. But if you're tired of losing arguments you're tired of being manipulated you're tired of people pushing your buttons in all the wrong way you combine this with your state control you're going to be unstoppable and it doesn't matter if you're doing it through chat text video conferencing any form of language based communication these methods will work there are templates that you can follow uh worksheets that you can use to practice it's very very comprehensive.

But it presupposes you're familiar with cpi level one. So we're including this as both a personal transformation tool to use on yourself. But also to use in your day-to-day life whether it's with a spouse your children teams that you're trying to motivate prospects that have objections sales copy that you're trying to write that will you know if the moment you can come up with objections before people voice them and reframe them they can't use those objections anymore very very powerful skill set a lot of fun to work with too it's a 1 950 value it's going to give you skill sets you go out you need to go out and change everything about you uh through natural normal conversational work it's yours absolutely free total combined value if you took. Everything that we had that's if it were if some of these were available on the website and some of them are not uh total value would be 9 391 if you register for this package before the end of the webinar.

So let's just review really quick what we've got going for you we have the 14 video secrets of personality transformation seven stage identity. But i've signed self mastery course it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value one thing let me add about why this is. So cool when you complete this particular part of this of the of the program you should be able to do all seven stages of the identity by design process on yourself in under seven and a half minutes and you'll actually see somebody in the video going from beginning to end in seven and a half minutes after three days of training okay. Bonus number two is the hypnotherapy certification home study course this is our full five day certification curriculum you will not get a certification from it.

But you will get the skill sets and if you want to come to um an actual training we're happy to certify you and test you on this material. So 1497 value pardon me we're also going to include the hidden laws of attraction my magic and manifestation master class it's a 1497 value we're going to include in the stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol the seven stage identity by design process our universal persuasion protocol it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value and. Finally we're going to throw in that renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs in normal conversations instantly one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value total value for this package if you were gonna grab it today is nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars. But you know one of the things that is important especially now with the economy as it is we all need.

So we don't need a handout we need a hand up. So as valuable as this package is and it's completely worth it that's twice the price you're not gonna pay that that amount we want today only for you to get the best deal humanly possible. So you're not going to pay 9391 you're not going to have to pay 6347. although as you can see there's a lot of value here right. If we're not you're not going to go we're not going to make you pay 5 347. we're not even going to go 33 or 23.47 we're actually going to let you have this entire package for one low investment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra help cash flows a little slow we can break that up for you into three easy installments of just 397 each and all you need to do to get started is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind that's david snyder nlp.com forward slash mind okay.

Let me make sure i got that right. Yeah www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind um now for those of you who are like well well i'm not. So sure david what if this doesn't work what if it doesn't live up to the expectations well i'm glad you asked you see everything in this course that i've just outlined comes with a 60-day 100 satisfaction guarantee if you take this course now and you apply the skills and it does not deliver even a tenth of what we're talking about and by the way it will deliver probably way more than an attempt. But i'm lowballing it just for ftc purposes um try it for a full 60 days put the techniques into work if you're having a sticking point give us a call let us guide you through your sticking points if that's what's necessary if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to making more money closing more deals attracting more success in your life by the way you define it if you're not on the fast track to manifesting your dreams feeling more secure and confident i will refund every nickel of your investment because if this methodology doesn't work for you i don't want your money right.

I don't want that karma i want you to be successful. But i want to minimize the risk for you i want you to say hey let's do this right. And if after 60 days it's not delivering pick up the phone give stephanie a call send us an email we will ask you some questions naturally because we want to know um what the issue is and if we can't resolve it we will happily give you every single dime that you've invested in the course back you have absolutely zero risk it's literally a free course um if you put it to work. But i promise you you won't want to give it back because you won't want to give up all those amazing results you'll be having.

But give it a shot for 60 days if it doesn't pan out if it doesn't work for you let us know we'll give you your money back all right. Is that cool yes. Or yes. Right.

For those of you who want to take advantage of that all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mine that's www.davidsnidernlp.com forward slash mind and um hold on a. Second my my windows are moving around uh let's see here and uh right. Below the the url i've typed in the chat is the contact information if you have any questions about anything about this program all you've got to do is reach out to stephanie uh at the information below and she will walk you through and help me answer any questions that you have now one of the things i've i've talked a lot about in today's class is this idea of taking action there's another psychological principle that i want you to embody and that's this principle the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated write this down the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced the two things i want you to have the maximum reinforcement on from this class is the understanding of how important getting your identity straight is on your belief systems and taking action and it's the action part i want to address right. Now for those of you who are on the fence or ready to go if you grab your course before december 15th 2021 at 11 59 pm today you're also going to get the following fast action bonuses these bonuses are only good until i log off the webinar.

So um the regular webinar package is available until 11 59 pm tonight. But the. Next three programs that i'm going to share with you are only available to the people who take action before i log off. So i'm just saying that right.

Now. First one we're going to give you is called the nlp power mastermind mentoring program group and archive this is a three-month trial membership it's actually more like 1594 value. But we'll put we'll go with 594 now and let me explain this to you. So i'm going to i'm going to jump i'm going to jump away from the powerpoint just to understand this one of the reasons people love our live events.

So much is because they get to immerse themselves in a room with me and a group of people who are interested in exactly the same things for days at a time one of the most important pieces that you are going to need to put these practices into pr into operation into your life is a community to support you an opportunity to practice roll your drill your sleeves up do the drills and get the skills and that is exactly what the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is all about. So let me explain a little bit to you how this works. So you can make a decision as to when how soon you want to get it on the. Third saturday of every month we all get together either virtually or in person starting probably january i'm actually streaming to you from our brand new nlp power headquarters it's called the nlp powerhouse um we're about 80 to 90 done with uh renovations reconstructions and fitting the rooms and studios out for various classes and activities and things like that one of which will be live mastermind mentoring sessions we used to do we've been running the nlp power mastermind mentoring program since october of 2010. it is the world's longest largest ongoing nlp self-help practice group in the world and on the.

Third set we get together on the. Third saturday of every month either virtually or in person and i literally go around the room and i say holly what do you want to learn seth what are you going to learn diego what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn happy thoughts what do you want to learn and you tell me what you want to learn and i write that right. Up on my screen right. Up on my board and i go right.

Down through everybody's there i look. At what everybody wants to learn about i create a see where all they all kind of connect together i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep.

Then at the end of four hours you go out into the world to apply your new skill sets to create your life the way you want you will not get a certification from the nlp power mastermind what you will get is an opportunity to practice the skills you really want to learn to meet people who are just like you who want to learn and practice the exact same things who will support you and get together. So many practice groups uh split off or emerge as a byproduct of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program you get to try it out for three months if you like it you know let's definitely know we'll extend your membership we'll show you how to become a full-time member of the nlp heart mastermind mentoring group now we've been teaching this and running this program for full over 10 years now it's going on our 11th or 12th year we have videotaped and recorded every single moment of every single session since the dawn of time okay. And we've archived those videos on the nlp power um sorry on the nlp power website we've archived a chunk of them on our our private facebook. Group and a big chunk of them are on our platinum and diamond membership archive on our youtube channel as a member of the nlp power mastermind mentoring program as a member of the mastermind health mastermind mentoring program you will have full access to the entire 10-year archive of those videos videos that have never seen the light of day on youtube okay.

We have almost 300 300 videos public on our youtube channel yeah almost 150 or more videos that are in the members only channel and. Then there's another several hundred videos several hundred hours of video really that are for nlp power masterminders only. So you can binge watch content to your heart's content on everything from dating and attraction manifestation therapy regression marketing um energy healing psychic skills accelerated learning it's all there you can binge watch it to your heart's content on the. Third saturday of every month you get to come in and actually work with me in a group and actually practice things together get feedback installations get your your cleared up and.

Then you go out into the world and apply it that's what um this is about. So i'm getting i'm getting reports that i guess one of the link we put in the chat is not working. So apparently um there's a new one http okay. Www.killerinfluence.comgo um make sure i got that i'm sorry about that apparently all right.

Anyway. So stephanie and brandon and holly and seth are back there they will make sure you get the right. Links i apologize um for that uh hold on a. Second apparently my idea i apologize after that let's get back to our regularly scheduled program shall we all right.

So that's the uh that's that's bonus number one you get three months if you like it stay if not you had some you had a good time for three months. So it's a 594 value it's yours free uh total value if you look. At everything we've talked about. So far it's a 985 value.

But we're not going to stop there if you act now today before i log off the webinar you will get a copy of our stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course now stealth is an acronym it stands for strategic suggestion to emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis it is the fast track to hypnotic influence this literally has videos in it that if you watch one video you'll be able to go out right. Now tonight and start hypnotizing people and. Then you watch two more videos you'll be able to do it in normal conversations without them even realizing you're doing it. So if you're one of those people that just doesn't want to wade through 12 hours or a week of material to be functional this is the course that will actually get you up and running tonight if you download it okay.

It's a 997 dollar value it comes with a ton of videos manuals transcripts workbooks everything you need to get started including books courses on many courses on lie detection i believe there's one on hypnotic hot buttons which is the emotional bonding checklist as well as the videos on the most powerful language patterns that exist like how to make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your listener how to force a person's internal mental movies and pictures to be exactly what you describe without fail and. So much that's just three of the patterns that you will learn in the stealth instant conversation hypnosis craft course it's a 997 value we're going to give this to absolutely free for those of you who jump into this program today total value total combined value everything we've talked about. So far is nine hundred and eighty two dollars. Finally for those of you who are tired of sitting at home or tired of watching videos you know one of the things i've talked about for many many many years is that the most powerful way to learn this material is to immerse yourself in it to um literally spend three five seven days with me now because of the covenant restriction because the new normal as we like to call it some people have found it a little bit harder to get to our live events.

So here's the deal i want to make it easy for you. So any for the. Next 27 people who register for this one time only package today i am going to include in your webinar package a vip super ticket this super ticket will give you free admission to any single live event of your choice now some restrictions do apply it reply it applies to any of our classes that's five days or less seven days or more um there's you got to work there's some things you got to work out with stefan there's usually a small surcharge also if of course you want to apply it to has prerequisites you must satisfy those prerequisites. First those are the restrictions now what are the benefits you don't even need to know if you own one of these tickets if you are in our vip database you automatically get free admission to any single live event of your choice sam's restrictions if something comes up at the.

Last minute and you can't go all you have to do is pick up the phone call stephanie and she will move you to another training you do not lose this ticket until you actually use it until your butt is actually in the chair this ticket is there to serve you this ticket does not expire if you buy this ticket you buy this package today and you get this vip ticket included with it and it takes you five years to get to one of our events this ticket will still get you in it will get you to the head of the line if the event is sold out we will move we will find a seat for you if something comes up at the. Last minute where you can't go to the event that you planned on going to all you have to do is pick up the phone let stephanie know we will move you to another training if you want to give this ticket to someone you care about as a gift you can transfer it if the if the training you want to come to is five thousand dollars to walk in the door you don't have to pay that because you have this vip ticket right. As long as it's five days or less price point doesn't matter okay. The only other restriction is if i'm doing an event with another trainer where we have to split revenues or something like that sometimes we just we want the other trainer to get their percentage.

But we we take the hit. So there's there's other ways to work around that. But that's it if you as long as you have this this ticket you can take as long as you need to use it although we encourage you to use it as quickly as possible it does not expire price points no. Longer matter if something comes up at the.

Last minute we'll move you to another training if you want to come to a training at the. Last minute and the training sold out we'll find a seat for you okay. It's really really cool it's probably one of the most powerful most cost-effective uh ways to get the live training you need at the lowest amount of price possible this is limited to the. First 27 people who register before the end of the webinar okay.

So if you want to take advantage of this if you want to get this um right. Now we don't have a limit on how many of these um whatever packages you can buy. But in the future we will probably because people just make a bank run on these things we're probably gonna limit it in the future to two per customer um going forward and we're gonna keep track of that. But right.

Now you can get as many of these um as you want again i only say that because i know there are people on this webinar who bought multiple packages to try and hack our system right. But. Anyway be that as it may total combined value twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars and it includes the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study course in manual valued at two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course that at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to give you the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control home study course right. At 1 497 absolutely free we're going to give you stealth cpi the universal persuasion protocol 100 1950 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free we're going to include the renegade reframing over conversation overcoming objection and conversational belief change home study course 9 1950 value absolutely free we're going to give you a three month trial and the archive to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program valued at 594. absolutely free the stealth instant conversation at moses craft course 997 dollars absolutely free and the vip super ticket your choice for any single live event one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value free total total investment today one time only is 997 or you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do to get here is go to uh the link below um whatever link is in your chat that's the one you should probably use um if the nlp power david snyder nlp link works use that otherwise use killerinfluence.com forward splash go that's killerinfluence.com forward slash go killer influence dot com forward slash go one.

Last time we're feeling killer influence dot com forward slash go uh and there we go. So here's what we're gonna do uh it is 5 50 right. Now we are going to take a seven minute break use the potty get your orders placed all that good stuff when we come back we are going to pick up with um the techniques we talked about now that we have the foundations now that we understand the emotional motivation checklist we understand the six dynamics of how to control or how to dialogue with your unconscious response um how to point to where you feel it reach out and touch it we're going to start to drill down on limiting beliefs we're going to start to drill down on programming your mind for success if you want to go deeper into procrastination elimination i'm happy to do that. But at the end of the day what we're actually going to do is i'm going to take a poll i'm going to ask each and every one of you who are left on this webinar what you want to focus on for the.

Next 30 60 90 minutes. So we can. So you can come away with the exact techniques you need to make the changes you want. So once again um click the link in in your uh chat below there to go to the appropriate web page and get your orders filled if you have any questions post them in the chats stephanie brandon holly and seth will be happy to answer those for you or you can call stephanie directly at 858 282-4663 uh if you do call though we do get up we usually get a bank run on uh on the phone lines please leave your your contact information if you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses if you do not leave your contact information and you try to reach out to us tomorrow you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses um i know you all want to talk to stephanie and tell her your life story and that's fine.

But remember there are other people waiting. So be respectful uh i love you all and i'm not done with you by any any stretch of the imagination. So once again let's take a seven minute break we'll come back and oh we'll just come back at 6. we'll come back at 6 and we'll pick up with training and teaching and learning how to reprogram your subconscious mind sound like a plan all right. Let's do this see you soon hey big shout out to the great and powerful chase hughes my good buddy my spycraft brother from another mother um hey i'm back from the potty about four or five minutes early.

So if you've got questions go ahead and type them in the chat and i'm happy to answer those while the rest of you are on your break or taking care of your uh your programs or whatever here it doesn't look. Like you guys got no. Questions really none what would now be a good time to ask oh there we go five participants raised their hand let me see what we got um you know what uh for those of you who are raising your hands go ahead and type your question in the chat because i think that's going to be the most um effective way to do this yes. My my brother my spycraft brother from another mother is here everybody say hi to chase two minutes if you got a question i would now be a good time to type them in the chat all right.

One. Last time um killer influence dot com forward slash go thank you brother a lot of people i i gotta admit i'm a little bit of a dunce when it comes to um the raised hand thing i see a lot of people raising their hands. But i don't know how to find your questions oh uh tebow is asking do you integrate embodiment and identity level change yes. We do that's that actually happens towards the end of uh the identity by design silo and verging into regression in hypnosis i generally think of the i am smoking that's a little earlier here lots of questions is still a creation of the unconscious mind to make us believe in ourselves beyond logic um i think the concept of the soul is a creation of the unconscious.

But again that that that takes us into spiritual realms and consciousness studies and um i think we're more than a body and i think we're more than an unconscious mind. But i think the unconscious mind is a very very powerful bridge between the personal the intrapersonal and the transpersonal and i think that's something that we as self-evolving and self-actualizing human beings really need to understand yes. There will be a replay where is that nlp center exactly glad to see you're still rocking it uh we are in san diego believe it or not i literally rented a three-bedroom three-bathroom house and have fitted it with a conference table outdoor workout area indoor workout area three transformation studios um that can be doubled as therapy rooms i mean it's pretty cool um we overlook. A swimming pool and a tennis court and i'm going to be doing like small group high-level trainings here and things of that nature.

But yeah. So it's in san diego the short answer all right. We're back let me go back to training shall we i thought you'd never ask all right. Guys.

So what are my thoughts on manifesting a reunion with an ex-partner either through persuasion or spiritual tools okay. Great question i'll answer it before we jump in one of my more colorful mentors back in the day use this metaphor relationship you think of your relationship like like a car you've got this um maybe it's a old toyota camry or something like that and you're driving along and you smash into this brick wall and. So you make a decision that i need to work on myself. So you go out you you earn lots of money you you make yourself more successful you buy yourself a brand new ferrari and decide to take another run at that wall right.

That's kind of what getting back with your ex is a little bit like okay. So if you're gonna if you're the short answer is yes. You can manifest those things. But by and large the levels of transformation a person needs to go through for that to actually happen um are daunting at best um when you manifest a reunion you can elicit the criterion values emotional motivation checklist for what would attract somebody to you and you can utilize those things lots of ways to do this the question is should you you know um.

But the answer is yes. You can use these things to manifest a reunion. But you have to get inside you have. First of all you have to work on yourself because chances are if they left you they had reasons that have everything to do with your behaviors your attitudes and the way you treated them okay.

You need to work on that aspect of it and. Then you need to really evaluate this person and decide for yourself if they're the one right. Um back in the day back in all my more colorful days when we were back in my uh my darth snyder days um we would talk about the five girl rule. So if you ever like get a case of one itis for a particular person right.

Uh and you decide that um she he or she is the one what what the aspiring pickup artist and the head pickup gurus of that time would tell you is go out and have sex with five other people if you still feel about them after those five other people that you do before. Then you should probably do whatever you have to do to get them my guess is you probably won't though if you did that now there's lots of ways to entice an ex back. But again if you don't work on yourself you're probably going to recreate the same dynamics you had in the previous relationship now there's another act there's another aspect of that equation this person that you want to reconnect with or reunite with is still the pretty much the same person that you were in the failed relationship with. So are they going to work on their stuff right.

What i find a lot of times when it comes to people wanting and again i'm again i'm not going to pass judgment i'm just telling you that there are certain things you might want to consider and there's other meta dynamics this more often than not when two people break up both people know it's coming and both people actually want the breakup the problem happens is who breaks up. First and what really happens is that that that rage that you feel inside that urge to get them back is actually a desire to be the one back in control of the relationship rather than being free of the relationship. So again only you really know why you're doing what you're doing the short answer to your question is yes. But there's a lot more skill sets that are involved in that and.

So i would caution you to really really do some soul searching right. And don't break any laws okay. So let's go back. So let's type in the chat guys what do you guys want to focus on we can focus on removing blocks to success we can focus on programming your future uh we can um work on healing what type in the chat what you would like to kind of focus on okay.

I have one person asking about um bodywork sheila says as a body worker massage therapist is this also useful for making a change in the body of the client when they come in to decrease pain sheila the shield 100 here's an important thing and i didn't talk about this at the beginning of the webinar. But i i really jason's saying hey he's rubbing his nose he's lying no. My nose ages um at the level of of the nervous system that we're interacting at there actually is very little difference between a physical problem and an emotional one. So the vast majority of issues that are physical can be addressed using these exact same techniques okay.

You think of any pain you can think of i have a i have a doctor in the um critical care unit right. Down here at uh scripps dr um his. Last name is annapoli i forget his. First name.

But um and he uses it on everything that comes into the ccu from kidney stones to burns because it's faster than drugs and there's no. Drugs involved. So i've i've you've seen me do this stuff hundreds of times on our youtube channel. So yeah the short answer is as a body worker massage therapist you can make powerful changes in people utilizing these techniques there's actually a lot of there's a large body of clinical evidence that supports this um procrastination control letting go of the past motivation i still want to learn to change beliefs okay.

Moving blocks to success procrastination that in a great room you guys want to do gray room okay. Okay. Career career finding okay. Removing blocks success getting clear about a new job free of anxiety constant work okay.

Vibration okay. Removing blocks okay. I see where this is going. So here's what we're going to do we're going to collapse two things together okay.

I'm going to give you a technique probably one of our simplest techniques probably for powerful ones we're going to go through it together right. And this is designed around this concept of safety lessons okay. So you remember when i was talking about this identity by design cellular process i was saying that every now and. Then we've done all the groundwork right.

We've gone to every seminar we've written out our business plan we've uh we know who to call when to call what steps to take when when to take them. But for some reason we're just not doing it right. Many times this goes to any of you who are body workers we'll we'll go to somebody and they'll do a process on us and we think it's done and. Then on the way home it starts to come back or for those of you how many of you have actually used our spinning technique how many of you how many of you used our spinning technique okay.

Now this particular technique i'm going to share with you we call it magic frame it's part of what we call the speed healing subsystem which takes on which has three components it has color breathing energy spinning and the magic frame magic frame is the one that can go in any direction and use is used to supplement and support the other two every single one of these techniques can stand alone when you put them together you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts and you can use them in any combination kind of like legos you can just link together in a chain and to create whatever you want. So these three processes can be used to remove anything change anything or add anything are you with me. So far now we probably won't have time to do every single technique. But the most important one i think for what you guys want right.

Now is the magic frame and you've already played with it a little bit okay. Remember i said if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it let me give you a way to conceptualize what we're about to do okay. I gotta find my diagram let's find it damn it where are there it is okay. Okay.

Okay. Can you all see this this diagram here that says proprioceptive grid now if you look. At this we all are if i scroll up a little bit you'll see this this toroid field around the body that many of us would consider or call the auric field i don't use those kinds of terms uh when i'm doing this work because to me an auric field is just not specific enough and it really doesn't explain the construct that emerges when different divisions of our nervous system combine. So here's what i mean what you're seeing here is an expression or a conceptualization of the electromagnetic field radiated by your heart the heart is the most powerful rhythmic source in the body it has its own nervous system it radiates an electromagnetic field that can be measured consistently anywhere from three to eight feet in diameter around the body now one of the things you need to understand about this particular system is that embedded within that electromagnetic pulse is emotional data that other people's hemispheres of their brain actually entrained to and pick up if you go to heartmath.org there's a free ebook.

That you can download on page six or chapter six of that um of that free ebook. Is a listing of the scientific studies they've done uh with animals that shows this entrainment process taking place. So heartmath.org. So this is how the heart math people conceptualize it.

But it's not useful enough for what we're about to do and. So we've got this concept we call the proprioceptive grid this grid manifests because of several aspects of your neurology a your mirror neurons b your cardiac electromagnetic field system and your proprioceptive neurology if the if such a thing as psychic abilities a sixth sense actually did exist it would be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it would not be your sixth sense it would be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth and eleventh census because as far as the research i have goes there are at least six different channels of information that your proprioceptive neurology actually manages and oversees one of which is electromagnetic fields okay. If you get the book.

How emotions are made by dr lisa barrett feldman i believe is her name you will get an introduction to the theory of uh created emotions which is based on interoception which is an aspect of the appropriate section of neurology you may have noticed that many times when people talk their hands tend to move and they tend to move to specific locations in and around their body when they speak in fact those of you who are therapists may have noticed that every now and. Then you'll get a client that goes i got this block and if i could just figure out what it is and where it is i could get past it right. Well if you can if you do any kind of nlp with dr richard bandler and those people the moment you see something like this you know exactly where that problem is it's in the field it's right. There people you the hands are.

Next to your eyes. Your hands cover the most brain real estate of any part of your neurology and when people talk they're spatially interacting with the projections spatially that the neurology's putting out there you've never seen the old uh avengers movies or minority report movies where they're in that virtual reality computer and they're expanding diagrams and they're pushing things aside and moving things away where do you think that idea came from it came from your neurology when people talk and they describe things think about minds what are they doing they're utilizing the same aspect of this proprioceptive grid to convey information okay. So this is the grid. But there's an organization to it that i want you to test you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it okay.

So i want you to think of something that on a scale of zero to ten that she would like to change okay. Um i would prefer for the sake of the demonstration to keep things running smooth that we keep it at a zero at a one to three level of intensity once you understand this process and you have somebody to guide you through it you can use you can go after godzilla if you want to. But i want you to think of something on a scale observation i'm going to i'm going to mine this for you that you want to change i want you to think about it as you think about it i want you to notice there's a place in your body where the feelings connected to that issue start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel it. First impressions right.

Now as you point to where you feel it i want you to imagine for a moment if there were a picture floating in the space around us that represents that feeling a picture that we could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it go with your. First impressions reach out and touch it now take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is right. Now i'm not going to ask you to stop and we're going to go through this process now once you have it i want you to make sure we've got the right.

One right. You should not be typing anything in your chats right. Now make sure you've got the right. One grab the edges of it physically grab the edges of it if you act this out with your body it becomes unsolvent make the picture bigger notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker now put it back to its original size keep the picture exactly the same size slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the feelings and the intensity of those feelings in your body does it get stronger does it get weaker okay.

Now put it back to where it was now i want you to use your imagination and i want you to imagine putting a big thick black frame right. Around that picture now most of you are too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches. But i want you to feel along the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches i've got an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. And notice how it makes you feel when you got that turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and decide for yourself which one you like best if you like the white turn it all the way to the white if you like it black turn it all the way to the black when you've done that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters on that whited out or blackened out screen i want you to write all the lessons this experience had to teach you positive or negative.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what the lesson was they put it right. On that screen and they're done some people have no. Conscious idea what it is. But there's a part of you you're in your unconscious that always knows what the lesson is let that part express itself whatever comes up like automatic writing just start writing get that finger moving some people will draw squiggles some people will draw pictures some people will write you you across the screen some people will write with both hands simultaneously they're writing chinese or hebrew at the same time.

However your body wants to do it just get those fingers moving get them writing if feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen as it comes up it comes out put everything on the screen. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go right. Keep all the lessons and let everything else go you may notice feelings and emotions come up put them on the screen too if feelings and emotions keep coming up keep putting them on the screen keep writing that screen will scroll like a tablet scroll. So you have an infinite writing space and when you're done and you know it's done and all that stuff's on the screen i want you to physically reach out with both of your hands grab the edges of that frame shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of moving that small frame up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon until it disappears from sight completely.

So it disappears below the horizon and when you know it's gone you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail or a nail gun nailing stuff in feel it nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back and when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity and possibly come back test it try to bring that old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead take all the time you need to let those transformations lock in when you're done type what you experienced in the chat freedom and blitz feeling light interesting right. How does your body feel tired right. People saying amazing huge shiver and lightness very good now here's the thing again this is for shelia. But anybody any any other people of you who are body workers you all know that all the 90 or more people to release the emotional cause of all that muscle muscle guarding and and um adhesions that you're dealing with miriam says tired yep not not surprised right.

Okay. Now what just happened your neurology the these spatial components your your your i don't know it's part of your process. But your spatial memory your proxemics is actually one of the oldest parts of your neurology erod is saying he's feeling more grounded absolutely right. So let me explain to you why this works okay.

Or you just want to clear i don't i'm good either way you want me to explain this why this works you just want to keep clearing stuff now my heart is pumping here again don't rush the process here's what's going to happen the moment you you you recode that experience your neurology is going to go through a shedding process some people break out and sweat some people get warm all over some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch right. Let that process happen right. This is one of the reasons why we like to do these things in person. But we can do them very powerfully virtually is because there's going to be a shedding process that you're going to go through okay.

It's okay. It's part of the process feeling kind of fidgety good right. Let those feelings come up as it comes up it comes out as you feel it you reveal it as you feel it you reveal it going back and right. That's fine you can do that okay.

So how does this work and here's the working theory all right. Your neurology if you think of the the energy field around your body like a big filing cabinet okay. This is how i believe it's organized and this is what my my clinical work has shown me you have two if you if you take this spine as the division the axis point between your forward hemisphere and your posterior hemisphere anything that you find in your anterior hemisphere your forward hemisphere your neurology treats as open active and running it's like a file on your desktop right. Um let me give you a perfect example if i showed you my desktop right.

Now this is what it looks like can you see my desktop type yes. Yes. Okay. What do you notice about my desktop right.

Now what do you see messy wow right. Now do you notice that some files are easy to find other files cover other files yes. Yes. You do you see what i'm getting at here's what you need to understand your proprioceptive neurology your subconscious mind treats vibrational constructs as physical objects your forward hemisphere is just like your desktop there's an organization to it that is default in other words there's just random ways that your neurology has organized certain pockets of your whole graphic memory container units right.

Files for lack of a better word you notice like a touch screen i can make one file really big or make it really small by the way what happened when we made the files really really big what happened to our experience for most of you more intense right. Now for a smaller number of you for a smaller number of you when you made the picture bigger the feeling got less intense true or not true for some of you exactly it does not matter which is which here's why here's why i say this the vast majority of people i would say probably 65 to 75 75 percent maybe of the average human beings off the assembly line human beings picture gets bigger the feeling gets more intense for a smaller percentage they will have an inverse effect i call them concentrators they make the picture bigger the feeling gets less intense and more diffuse and they get. But when they make it smaller the feelings get more intense it doesn't matter which one you use or which one you are as long as you can calibrate again the question without is it just is it just symbolic language for the unconscious yes. And no.

Your unconscious mind is simultaneously hierarchical archetypal literal metaphorical and symbolic it's about meaning metaphorical. But actually the physical component of the change work is one of the most underutilized and most important pieces of making this bulletproof if you can act out the change it doesn't matter what your neocortex wants to believe here's understand what i'm saying if you can physically act out the change and that's what you'll notice if you look. At if you go to our youtube channel and you look. At energy spinning you look.

At gray room you look. At magic frame you look. At color breathing in every single one of those interventions the person is physically using their body or breath in some way as a bridge to link all the different divisions of the nervous system together okay. You don't act out a belief you act out a process okay.

Okay. Um good questions. But let's let's stay on track okay. So your system is organized functionally anything that's in front of you functionally speaking is the file on your desktop that's open active and running its proximity to the boundaries of your body let's go back to our our uh our diagram here the proximity of the file subjectively speaking let me just erase some of this we're not getting confused the proximity of the file relative to the boundary of your body and the the axis of your body amplifies the intensity.

So if it's big it's like turning the volume knob up to 10. the other way i can do that is bring that picture closer to the body as i bring it closer it tends to amplify the intensity okay. At the. First part of our drill i had you take a picture right. And i had you move it further away from your body what happened when you moved it further away type it in the chat what happened when you move the picture further away from you the opposite did it get less intense diffused right.

Perfect now did i tell you did i tell you what to feel or did you experience that on your own right. Now here's the secret to this this is a big one okay. The people who didn't hang out on the webinar are going to miss this gold nugget if you only treat this like a technique to get rid of you aren't tapping in to 80 of the real power you can use this technique to make anything you want more intense or less intense or completely not important. But if you use this understanding and do it like a drill every day we call it the the frame game if you take this process you turn it into a drill a game that you play with yourself for lack of a better word here's what will happen to you your neurology will start to change you will start to become more and more neuroplastic many of you can feel good for no.

Reason yes. As in the physical brain okay. Let's have some fun you want to let let's do a quick feel-good exercise shall we would that be cool okay. I want you to close your eyes.

Unless you're driving if you're driving don't do this okay. I want you to remember a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure imaginable not that one i'm teasing i'm teasing i don't care i'm not the pleasure police right. I want you to close your eyes. What might you see when you're feeling that amazing feeling what might you hear what might you taste what might you smell right.

I'm not the pleasure please i don't care how many walls you're breaking what substances were involved how many state lines you cross all i want you to care about is when you remember that feeling there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you a picture that you could reach out and touch why don't you reach out to touch it reach out and touch that picture now trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and. Then just for fun grab the edges of it let's make sure we've got the right. One make that picture as big as the room and notice what happens to the feelings in your body bring it back to its original size slowly pull that feeling closer to your body notice what happens to the feelings as it gets stronger it doesn't get weaker you don't have to type it just feel it right.

Now once you've got that lift it up over your head expand it pull it down around your body like a big blanket what happened to the feeling now to get stronger it didn't get weaker right. Now for the. Next part of our drill you can have this feeling back at whatever level you want. But for the sake of our drill what i'd like you to do is unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head you know you know what a frisbee is once you imagine this thing's now shaped like a frisbee i want you to take that frisbee i want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears all the way behind you back behind the horizon when you know it's completely gone scan your body notice what happened to the feeling when you're ready lift your hands up imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee and all the feelings in it right.

Back into your hands as you hold this feeling above me i want to tell you something very very important inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your universe you're the king or queen of your neurology you have every right. Privilege permission and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want i want you to play with your own power right. Now i want you to take this pleasure that you're holding i want you to play with it i want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it above your body move below your body move it in your body move it out of your body move it up move it down notice how every time you play you change some aspect or attribute of that pleasure frame the feelings and the intensity of the feelings in your body change too and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape location that gives you the exact feelings that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you find that sweet spot i want you to fix it in place let that energy flow that pleasure flow from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning even each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each and every cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allowed to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to turn that good feeling off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type into the chat what you discovered what'd you experience take all the time you need to let that product integrate power and control good beautiful thing unbelievably relaxing very good michael very good control at the end very good.

So strong oh my god that was powerful i felt. So happy i can't stop smiling oh my god guess what this is the worst you'll ever be. First time you learn anything is the worst of you i feel like a beautiful superwoman will carry you probably are virginia says i can't stop smiling beautiful normally it takes a shot or two perfect i can feel my whole nerves in my body jeez yes. And the reason that's true you're welcome guys can't stop smiling carius says she's actually crying now how does that work i obviously didn't hypnotize you at least not the way most people think of hypnosis it didn't involve transfer.

But what it actually did was a trans by process of obs of neurological absorption what we literally did here all details aside was we integrated every division of your nervous system using a language that every part of you from your neocortex to your autonomic nervous system to your proprioceptive grid to your reptile brain and everything is connected to understands the language of the va or the body we call it the primary encoding system we tapped into the organizational structure of your personal subjective experience that all of you have it's it's standard on every human being anything that's in front of you is open active running you just don't know it. But you're always accessing it because you gesture and talk with your hands you're using your hands to process information right. Yes. It is linguistics.

But it's not just verbal linguistics it's autonomic linguistics best way to talk about it right. When i talk about i'm often critical of nlp oh my god i'm made of magic yes. Carter you are you're there's absolute magic inside of you and it's no. Less magical just because we can explain it just because we can show it through technology you came into this world hardwired for this.

But because we live in a society that is largely um what's what i'm looking for reductionist we separate x from y y from z z from one one from two two from three the body worker doesn't talk to the allopath who doesn't talk to the psychologist who doesn't talk to the neurophysicist we're amazingly specialized. But the power in you doesn't come from separation the power in you comes from integration from understanding that every part is important every part has a role to play and the moment you start removing pieces you start losing power and this is how you reprogram your subconscious mind by learning how to talk communicate with your unconscious mind it always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never linear and it's never loud if you can point to where you feel it reach out and touch it you can change it can we manifest using this technique one thousand percent diane one thousand percent okay. This is one technique in the entire identity by design style there's literally 20 or 30 of them between the seven or seven of you know techniques we teach and identity by design and all the laws of attraction stuff again if you want to get the whole system grab the package right.

Okay. Now the the game we just played is called the frame game if you just do it this one time you'll miss the power if you do this five six seven minutes a day two or three times a day for 30 days you will gain absolute control over pretty much all of your negative emotions your ability to change them to transform them to do amazing things with your neurology why because this particular complex of feelings and structural integration and communication generates neuroplasticity it generates oxytocin dopamine release also it applies a personal training principle known as said specific adaptation to impose demand your body gets better at what it does most often. So just playing this frame game with yourself gives you more and more ability to take if to take anything that bothers you i don't care if it's you know storming the beach in normandy or or a hangnail stubbing your toe when you were five right. Back pain a lot of back we fixed a lot of back pain with this technique a lot of it okay.

You can change it the studies are all there 80 90 of all the things you go to a doctor for are memory based emotion based and we haven't found pretty much any physical thing that doesn't respond to this how to use it the other way around put negative i gave that to you actually already points where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it grab it make it bigger make it smaller. So notice how it connects to the feeling in your body put a big black frame around it white it out write the lessons on the screen shrink it down move it behind you nail it back there we did that process right. You can do that exact process for any limiting belief any negative emotion any physical or emotional pain when people procrastinate they're doing it either out of fear or reactance in other words there's a limiting belief they believe something about that experience is is painful or not what do you do point to where you feel it reach out and touch it trace the outline of it play with it a little bit put a big black frame around it white it or blacken it out write the lessons on the screen shrink it down move it behind you you know look. Back there give yourself a few minutes to process test it you can do this very easily to yourself um.

But would you like to know how to work with yourself would that be useful you cleared exactly the same way soon this is again great great questions i love the questions you can always tell who's really paying attention by the kinds of questions that you ask again when you get when you get your package okay. All the answers you're asking will be in that package i'll give you some of them now. But i mean if you really want the deep dive you want the full system i'm giving you pieces of the system if you want the full system the whole thing grab the package and. Then come to the come to our.

Next ident we have a we have an event coming up in january called the self mastery supercharger you can use your vip ticket and come and do it just three days i'll just drill you on it you can do all this yourself if that's what you want right. If you deserve if you feel you're worth it i can't make that decision for you only you can where it's in las vegas we'll be at the orleans hotel and casino. Las vegas and i believe it's january i want to say let me clear my chat january 13th to the 15th 2022 orleans hotel and. Then casino.

Okay. Let me put that in the other chat. So people have it. So uh stephanie or brandon is saying email me if you want to use your vip ticket for that class uh space is limited because it is a one-on-one it's kind of a small group class.

But this is all about using all this stuff for you if you like this we got more wish them okay. If you're in new zealand and you're physically prohibited from traveling there is a hybrid zoom option talk to stephanie about it she'll be happy to tell you how you qualify for that okay. Yeah there will be a zoom again if you're in new zealand canada uh uk europe um there is a zoom option okay. I guess it's a sign ross okay.

So would you guys like to know how to take this technique and others that i teach and do self-work as opposed to having somebody else guide you through it would you like to know how to do that okay. Let's do that. Next we call it bucket listing there's a there's two ways to do it and if you do this you will become a master of personal alchemy all right. If you don't do this you're going to struggle okay.

You'll still get good results with the technique. But you'll find that certain things will be harder for you to do than others whereas if you apply bucket listing before you do this framing technique it's going to get a whole lot easier even the most nasty stuff will become ridiculously easy to do okay. But before we get into that let me just remind you that um our fast action bonuses do expire when i log off the webinar. So once again the package that we've been referring to if you joined us late is our secrets of personality transformation ultra line control training home study course it includes 14 videos that include the seven stage identity design private by design process and which this magic frame is one of those seven okay.

And you can see how powerful it is it includes the manual it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value it's going to come with the identity by design five day hypnotherapy home study uh course it's a 1497 value we're going to include the hidden laws of attraction mind control manifestation home study course guide at 1 497 we're going to include the stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol. So you can actually persuade and influence everyone around you from an amazingly empowered state and have them loving you and hanging you on hanging on your every word at the 1950 value you're also going to get renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change this is a tool that you can use to change the limiting beliefs and objections of other people and you can use it on your own limiting beliefs to transform and uh create very powerful revelations about the events of your life very powerful for changing beliefs fast action bonuses that go away tonight stealth instant conversational hypnosis course valued at 997 the nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group three month trial program with access to the archive 594 value and of course that free vip super ticket gets you a front row feed at any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar curious says you just signed up yay carrier you go girl i hope it's a girl it's hard to tell i'm assuming it's a girl that sounds like a very feminine name. But i don't want to i don't want to uh offend anybody by getting your pronouns wrong um. Anyway total value is uh 12 932 you can get it all everything and all the power that comes with it one small investment of 9.97 and if you need help we can do it in three easy installments of just 3.97 now one other thing i forgot to mention if as you look.

If you're one of our previous customers or students and as you look. At this package you realize you have some of these bonuses already you can substitute other courses as long as the price point is the same. So like i said let's say you already have identity by design hypnotherapy home study course uh and you don't want to duplicate it if you can find another course that's valued at 1497 in our website or our catalog we'll let you swap that out okay. If you have stealth cpi level one and you wanna you know if you can find a course that is of the same price or less and you wanna swap it out stephanie will let you do that.

But you gotta reach out to stephanie directly to do that okay. Great job and again the use the links in the chat to make sure that you get the right. Um the right. Offer if you have any other questions reach out to stephanie at eight five eight two eight two four six four six six three and once again for our youtubers eight five eight two eight two four six six three perfect all right.

And again please please please if you're going to call stephanie he loves to listen to you. But there's other people waiting. So say what you need to say leave your contact information if you get the voicemail and you will qualify. But if you don't leave your contact information you won't get these bonuses okay.

All right. So let's talk about how do we do self-worth how do we apply this to ourselves here's what it's a process we call bucket listing let me go ahead and find the page for you procrastination now that's my procrastination blaster it's on here somewhere guys hold on a. Second just give me a moment i got a lot of pages to go through see this is you know one of the reasons this particular part takes a little bit longer is because this is the part you get to pick i wasn't sure what you guys wanted to focus on although i had a pretty good idea where it was going to go um and. So i have to find what i'm looking for okay.

Good here we go all right. You might want to take a screenshot of this just. So you have it all right. So the technique that we're going to talk about right.

Now is known as bucket listing and one of the re one of the problems that we have when we're trying to do self work let me go back to my screen um one of the problems that we have when we try to do self work is um our nervous system automatically targets the most traumatic provocative highest magnitude problems to deal with. First and it makes sense from a survival perspective that if you're going to if something's causing you a lot of problems you want to fix it fast the problem that we have when it comes to that aspect of it is that the things that cause us the greatest degree of trauma for lack of a better word also have the greatest degree of emotional impact on us in other words it overwhelms us to the point where we can't marshal our cognitive resources understand what i'm saying it's too big it's too strong. So if you want to train yourself to fix yourself you have to flip the script on that what that means is you have to start with the least problematic things that you can find apply the technique until you've built up in your own neurology a certain level of success number of successes that. So that your neurology your unconscious mind feels confident and competent to take on the.

Next thing does that make any kind of sense most of you had this experience you had this big old problem that's been nagging at you i'm sorry i'm going to show you the list in just a minute it's not going anywhere trust me i i want to explain this to you okay. Maybe and see if you can relate to this right. You have a problem that you can't you just can't seem to fix. So what's the.

First thing we do we go to the internet used to be we ran to the bookstore right. Now we go to amazon. But what do we do we go to youtube um maybe facebook. But ultimately wind up on amazon and what are we looking for we're looking for a technique to fix the booboo right.

Well in the old days when all and i have a big problem with most of the self-help community because they spend a lot of time telling you what you need to do. But not how to get it done and. So what happens literally is you have godzilla over here and in this little self-help book. That you downloaded from amazon or you bought at barnes noble or whatever bookstore you like you literally have the book.

In one hand with a technique if you're lucky that you have absolutely zero experience in doing and you have godzilla over here ready to stomp on your face and you and it's literally bambi versus godzilla who do you think is going to win who do you think is going to win that one the question becomes why that bambi that's for sure right. Why go go godzilla absolutely why because of the neurological bias the negativity bias of your neurology your neurology automatically gives priority to the most traumatic things on the planet which by definition are the most what's what i'm looking for um um stimulate they overwhelm your conscious mind right. Here's what you have to do you have to if you have a level let's use it let's use a a gaming metaphor you ever guess me with dungeons and dragons or anything like that where you have levels to your character okay. So you've got a level 20 monster right.

Here right. You got a level one magic user right. Here you got a level one spell or a level one fighter what do we got to do well this motherfucker's got to go build up some experience points. So he can level up can he that's what bucket listing allows you to do the.

First and there's two ways to do what you do is you take everything that bothers you everything you want to fix from the most problematic to the least problematic and you just brain dump it on a piece of paper just get it out don't even worry about what the pecking order is what's stronger if you know using the things that come up will be the most traumatic. First just brain dump it vomit it out get it out on a piece of paper right. Then what you're going to do is you're going to organize that brain dump that list from most traumatic to least traumatic in other words from your level tens down to your level zeros follow me. So far and.

Then you're gonna flip it in other words you're gonna rewrite the list from least problematic your level zero level one problems all the way down your level 20 problems your level 10 problems are you with me. So far type in the chat i need to this can get a little convoluted. So i want to make sure you're with me okay. Now there's yes.

There's two ways that i've come up with there's probably more there's two ways that you can create this list to begin the process of systematically dissolving your stuff one is called thematic and the other is intensity. So let me show you this goes back to our screen. So let me just show you this okay. Okay.

So can everybody see my screen okay. So when you do your and this is called bucket listing by the way there's two ways to do it we can do it by intensity level and this is the. First this is the. First one i explained right.

You know you have a level 10 thing that makes you sad you have a level 10 thing that makes you angry a little seventh thing that is worried that worries you you have a level five thing you're afraid of and. Then we take this and. Then we organize it by intensity level right. So you see we just did the brain dump here and what you'll notice here is that there you know they're different emotions you got sadness you got anger you got worry you got fear it doesn't matter what the emotion is all we're doing is we're going by what's the least intense most.

Next intense. Next intense. Next intense and that's exactly how we deal with this depending on what technique it doesn't matter what technique you're using by the way for this process we're going to use the magic frame technique. But i could use spinning for this i could use color breathing for this i could use grey room for this i could use the gift for this i could use hall of regression for this i could use the garden for this i could use all the techniques that we're teaching you in the package i can use for this right.

But what's important is how we've organized them. So this is the most organic one when we start thinking of all the things that bother us some will make us sad some will make us angry some will make us worse anxious someone be fearful. But we organize it from least traumatic to most dramatic are you with me on this type yes. If you got it no.

If you don't okay. Good this is one way to do it there's another way that you can do it i like this one a little bit better because it's just how i think and that's thematically we start to do a bucket list thematically we pick a specific emotion i think in this example i was using fear. So what do i do i get out a piece of paper i list i do another brain dump. But this time i list all the things i'm afraid of from most traumatic to least traumatic i assign a number value to it i'm going to teach you how to do that in just a minute rochelle okay.

You organize it from lowest to highest and you start by addressing the lowest intensity problems. First okay. You apply whatever technique you know you want to work with with the lowest intensity problem and work your way up now here's the secret to this once you have once you have a basic bucket list okay. So notice here i've got let me use this i've got my level one problem all right.

And i've got three to five level one problems right. I've got my level two problems and i list three to five issues that i have that are of the same theme at that intensity level level three problems three to five of those level four through five and i just keep going until i've maxed them out now the question was asked the question was asked how do i assign a number value to them we're going to use a process we call the sud scale think of the most problematic using fear as an example think of the thing that terrifies you the most right. Whatever terrifies you the most that's your 10. you're with me. So far whatever terrifies you you the most is a 10. write it down put a number 10.

Next to it think of something that is half that intense that you're half that afraid of that's your five think of something that is half of a five that's your 2.5 or your three write it down right. From that skeleton go through all of the things you're afraid of and compare and contrast are you more afraid of this than you are of this are you less afraid of this than you are of this go down your list compare one fear to the. Next and assign the intensity value to it does that make sense it doesn't type it in okay. Is this doable is this something you could do yes.

Okay. Now once you've got it organized from least intense to most intense what you want to do now is maybe kind of just do a you know just ask yourself ask your unconscious mind is there anything else i'm afraid of that's at a level one write them down is there anything else i'm afraid of that's a level two write them down is there anything else i'm afraid of that's a level three write them down in the appropriate section until you've got a nice healthy list of level ones two threes fours fives all the way through ten when you're ready to start doing the transformation work you take your. First level one you apply your level one technique you resolve the level one boom your unconscious mind logs that as a success as a victory because one of the processes that happens is anytime your unconscious mind is faced with a situation the. First thing it does is it goes through its memory banks it looks for a time in your life when you encountered something similar and.

Then it looks at how did you handle that it doesn't matter if the thing you did to handle that was a good idea or a bad idea if it got you if it helped you survive the situation your unconscious mind whose primary job is to keep you alive not worry about your long-term emotional well-being directly logs it as a success and. So what literally happens is your you may have heard this in other self-help circles your brain sorts for what's familiar. So if you have 20 years of pissing yourself every time godzilla shows up versus a minute and a half of a brand new magic frame technique that you have no. Experience with when your unconscious mind looks at those two and decides what's the preferred result it's gonna do what's familiar not what's gonna create a transformation you understand what i'm saying this is why people fail it's because they try to take the take on the biggest nastiest most problematic thing in their life with a technique they barely know you gotta flip the script on that you have to build up a history of success with the technique that allows you to progress towards the more problematic issues while minimizing the degree of difficulty that's what bucket listing does think about a video game right.

If you log into a video game let's say world of warcraft or something and you're you're a level one character and you wander into a level 20 area what's going to happen to your character exactly right. Your neurology's gonna bail right. Flip the script you take that level one character you go to the level one training a killing area you level up to level two you go to level two area until. Finally you're level 19 you go into that level 20 area what's going to happen got a much better chance right.

This is exactly what we're doing we're taking this exact same model because that's how your neurology decides what to do and because your neurology is always looking for in spite of the fact that it searched for what's familiar once it lodges a success it will reference it again. So what happens is you got this level one technique you've got three or four five to three to five level one problems you start knocking out those level one problems all of a sudden you really level up to level your skill level goes up to two right. Now you're dealing with a level two technique against a level two problem you start knocking them out boom boom boom boom guess what happens you get more experience points you level up you go to level three you just start knocking them out right. Here's the beauty of this by the time you hit about five level five your neurology has such a history of success with this technique that many times it will just start doing this automatically we'll say oh we fixed that boom right.

But how excited do you get when you level up when you're in that video game for example and somebody may not play video games when you. Finally level up you can spend all this time at level four you. Finally get to that level five and you go into that new that new killing area how excited are you right. Same idea what's beautiful about this process in addition to everything i've just described if you go back to that that diagram that i gave you you're welcome you're welcome my friends what will happen in uh and there's a book.

Called red gold if you can find a copy of it i highly recommend that you pick it up if you look. At the diagram you'll see dissociation or identification versus disidentification um you talk we talked about logical levels of belief where the higher up on the identity scale you go the more power you have underneath it here's the corollary to this anything you identify with controls you we understand this anything you disidentified from you gain power over are we cool with that do we understand this concept from the from part one of the webinar yes. Yes. Okay.

Beginning of the webinar we talked about the levels of belief right. Where if you're i think if you have something at the identity level it controls everything below it and sometimes people get confused because they confuse something they do with something they are and if you change that you get your power back you guys remember we did that i am this versus i do this yes. Or yes. Okay.

Things overwhelm us because it's really close to our body and it's really big that's the same as identifying with the problem anything that is this close to our body this big the volumes it's our body doesn't know it's not us our body doesn't know we're separate from the issue and. So we have to find ways to disidentify from the problem here's what happens when you do bucket listing when you take everything that you're afraid of or that bothers you and you brain dump it a you're externalizing the problem you're actually expressing things that needed to be expressed that's part one. So you've already started to vent the energy you've already started the process of dealing with it the act of analyzing and the intensity level forces your neurology which is at the same level as the problem the moment you start analyzing the intensity level and organizing it your perceptual position your consciousness does this and now you've disidentified from the problems they're no. Longer something you are there's something you're doing or there's something that you have and in that process you gain power over them it's a side effect of bucket list now from that meta position that empowered position you now have techniques okay.

I'm going to fix this boom boom i'm going to fix that boom boom boom and you just go right. Down your list from zero to hero that's bucket list right. Your impulse and i guarantee every single one of you when i start when i. First showed you the magic frame technique your.

First impulse was to go after godzilla true or not true right. Because that's the bias in your neurology if you want to be a good alchemist for yourself you must flip it you must reverse it for those who are a golden path and you hear me say that word reversal here it is again. First thing was i procrastinated yeah. But you can do this for procrastination does this technique lead to the ability to disconnect in real life you need to elaborate on what you mean by disconnect.

But you'll if you resolve these things properly the things outside of you will no. Longer trigger you the same way they can't because you're not allergic to it anymore coming into the home stretch has this been useful folks you guys learn some stuff cool all right. Let's go ahead and just remind you one more time we're coming into the home stretch i want to make sure that everybody uh who is on the fence has their. Last chance once again uh i if you liked what you learned all this stuff that i've just taught you comes right.

Out of where do i buy my best uh shrinestore.com trine.store.com s-h-r-i-n-e uh actually it's all over shrine store i think it's well it's google shrinestore.com you should be able to find it right. So once again the secrets of personality uh transformation ultra mind control training home study course valued at 14 um two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars uh by fourteen videos seven stage editing by design system plus the manual the online community priceless uh bonus identity by design hypnotherapy home study course one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value in laws of attraction manifestation mind control mastery home study course uh fourth one thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change i ate at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars and. Finally those three fast action bonuses again these go away when i log off you have until 11 59 p.m pacific time to get the things i've just talked about the fa bonuses they go away when i sign off the internet is it normal that the idea of bad stuff staying there nailed on the wall kind of bothers me um it's not abnormal um think of something think of another way that you'd like to get rid of it instead and use that metaphor and it worked just fine just make sure you test it lots of flexibility in this process okay. Uh stealth instant conversational nurses crash course 997 value yours free nlp power mastermind mentoring practice group trial three months plus the archive 594 value um vip super ticket gives you free access to any single live event in our 2022 calendar value 1 950 value some restrictions apply use a shredder here this you know the sound a shredder makes when it's grinding something up impossible for it to put back together hear that back there behind you just feel it grinding up sometimes you feel the vibrations of the grinder if you can if you can kinesthetically uh map it out you can absolutely use this technique.

But you can imagine physically feeding it into the shredder what's the difference between a personality transfer deformation and identity transformation well the the silo is basically the same. But um the five-day course is designed for people who want to do it for other people in other words people who want to do it as a profession or as part of their therapeutic practice um the personality transformation program is designed for self-work it's designed to train people how to do this work for themselves on themselves that's the biggest distinction okay. Yeah um the question was none of the fa bonuses are listed on the checkout page um they are included we are tracking who buys what when. So don't worry if you are if you qualify for the bonuses especially the fast action ones you will get them.

So just go to www.killerinfluence.com forward slash go that's www.clearinfluence.com forward slash go and um i've got i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna go i'm gonna go to eight minutes i'm just gonna take random questions. So if you got questions or if you have things uh for stephanie to deal with david are the techniques that tend to work better based on specific personalities are these a one-size-fits-all largely these are fairly generic they're fairly universal which is kind of cool there what you will discover is that over time you will gravitate to certain techniques they will just they will just become your go-to's like i have one guy jeff he's learned all the all the techniques and identity by design. But he uses magic frank for everything i mean he knows grey room he knows universal solvent he knows color breathing he knows the gift he knows temporal editing he knows uh magic circle he knows pillars of power he knows all these. But his go-to the one that that gives him the biggest bang for his buck uh is magic frame.

So that's what he uses. But he knows them all and the only way that you can really figure out what works is to use them all and see which ones you gravitate to um. So for etienne says for our neurology familiarity is it a number game or also an intensity game what win between 50 level 1 successes versus an old level 10. um i'm not sure i understand that question if you can restate the question it might be able to give you a better answer um magic frame is awesome there are other techniques in the programs as well grey room oh ssd she said she loves our she loves our stuff i don't want to log off with. So much info well again if there's a question that you need when this replay goes live on youtube just go to the comments section type your questions you know the.

Next five ten seven days whatever it is uh i'll call i'll answer as many questions or direct you as best i can most of your questions are in the pr are answered actually in the package this is why the reasons we taught some of the techniques from the package that we're offering. But again you do what you do what's right. For you what can you do for approach anxiety that comes during infield control your posture control your breathing we cover that in cpi level one we cover that in identity by design and secrets of personality transformation it's all there we can't force people to change. But is there a way to nudge them along yes.

Start with cpi level one and renegade reframing i love your questions you got your vet yeah i'm getting i'm purchasing patch goody good excellent for those of you who are um again remember 27 people only only 27 people get those fa mo i'll get that super ticket. So make sure that you do that um if i get a vest what color vest would you recommend purple black or black i'm kind of fond of purple. But i'd have to see i'd have to see them both on you to really make a distinction at all is it better that we do techniques in a waking state or in a deeply relaxed state um you can do it both ways the secret is if you can point to where you feel it and become fully absorbed in the process and have fun with it you can do it you can change it it really doesn't matter what state of relaxation you're in that's one of the things that i love about about this technology is you don't have to be in a classically what people consider to be a classical trance state you can just do it okay. He says i need assistance should i call a number um i would i would call now 858-282-4663 and if you at least at least leave a message on your contact information.

So stephanie can get a hold of you kate okay. Don't leave it to chance right. All right. Let me look.

At some of our youtube stuff really quick here what's the best way to connect with your subconscious the things i just taught you in this webinar start with your six dynamics of an unconscious response point to where you feel it remember everything's about a feeling follow the feelings my whole corey says my whole appearance reminds me of him it reminds me of a magician well thank you i think right. Um see here wayne says how do i create a positive obsession with an epic life. So that everyone every action towards it creates ecstasy imagine what it would be like in backtrack. So the way i would do that is i would i would project yourself into the future having that life imagining what it might be like and.

Then imagine ask yourself the question what had to happen right. Before this could manifest now what had happened right. Before that what had to happen right. Before that and just keep backing up one step at a time until you have a sequence of events and activities that led from where you are now to where you are.

Then sim says do i also read the mind no. I do not read minds okay. Um let's see here lucifer morningstar can i do something on tonality and voice patterns i can. But luther i can't do them today we're we're almost out of time i got about um you know a few minutes left before i got to jump off.

But if you get our secrets of human influence webinars and if you got the stealth level one training you'll get a lot on tonality and patterns okay. Let's see here oh we got one more here andrew says when you think of an event that makes you happiest for the technique is it a good idea to use that if it is something you lost and has pain attached to it great question and there's a fix actually that one of my students came up with that i really love because he was trying we call this resourcing an identity by design and. So um what she did was she had them uh put the picture up that had everything in it and. Then she had the the subject separate the picture one picture was all the good stuff the other picture was all the bad stuff and.

So she put a frame around it whited it out drew the lesson shrunk it down threw it behind him and nailed it back there and. Then just used the positive picture as the resource very creative very excellent technique and you can do that once you understand the system roslyn says i ordered him our receipt doesn't match everything. But i trust you all reach out to stephanie directly and she will help you with that roswell we want you to be happy we want you to feel safe and secure thank you your course is much more geared towards kinesthetic learners than people okay. This is um all right.

Let me explain something and this is again where i piss off a lot of people who are classically trained in nlp and i began this with um the start of the webinar when i said everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of if you are coming into this work with a classically trained nlp background you are taught that some people are visual some people are auditory some people are kinesthetic some people are olfactory some people are gustatory and there are olfactory and gustatory people out there i've met them okay. And they can drive classical classically trained helpers crazy because most helpers don't move beyond vak they don't go into the other two they're out there though. But let me explain to you the truth whether you think you're visual or auditory or kinesthetic or olfactory or gustatory is it doesn't matter because at the end of the day functionally you are all kinesthetic you are all kinesthetic now that's going to raise some hackles from the classically trained alberta let me explain something to you nlp says that people have five modalities visual auditory kinesthetical factor gustatory and we relate to the world favorably through one of those senses true enough to be true. But here's the other thing you need to understand if you when you start studying this thing called strategies which is about how we create behaviors using the vak they will tell you that when we make a decision all decisions which are behaviors end in a kinesthetic.

First there's a kinesthetic fee and a kinesthetic internal and a kinesthetic external in other words there's an internal feeling followed by an external action the end result of all vak strategies regardless of what order they flow in is to take an action all strategies end in a kinesthetic whether you think you're visual whether you think you're auditory doesn't matter because you don't act until you make a determination about how that sequence of events that sequence of brain places that you're using to make a decision makes you feel the end result of all the vak linkages that nlp talks about is a feeling that causes you to take an action okay. So if all of our behaviors begin and end with a kinesthetic why not start there right. The end result of all our vak strategies is an action or feeling and that's why we are all kinesthetic we may not be consciously aware of that kinesthetic. But for every decision we make which is a behavior it's an action there is a k okay.

So to say that i'm gearing it towards kinesthetic learners no. I'm gearing it towards you in neurology okay. There's no. Kinesthetic bias except that we're all kinesthetic also when you add in the somatic component to these techniques in other words you get the body engaged the only variable about the the about the degree of effect you get is time when you get the body engaged it doesn't matter what the neocortex wants to believe at some point the entire neurology will stack and create an amplitude and effect that will overwrite the critical faculty of the conscious mind and your whole system will buy into the transformation this is why we use the body this is why we focus on the feelings this is why we use somatic address as the access point to the autonomic processes that are running below the surface okay.

There is a lot of there's a lot of clinical research and a lot of clinical trial that we've done with this process each and every day you know some you know another thing again just to kind of reiterate on that nlp will tell us that some people are towards and some people are away from what that means from their perspective is some people move towards pleasure some people move away from pain people who understand nlp a little bit better will say no. That's not exactly right. They'll say we're both they'll say we are towards and away from or we are away from and towards. But to have a full propulsion system you have to have both that is also not accurate at the end of the day because of darwin and evolution and everything we've done to get to this point even if we have a torch component we are all away from this is why when your came up you wanted to throw your pebbles at godzilla.

First it was because there's a an inherent negativity bias that your neurology has now once you understand it you can work with it you can manage it. But if you don't you're running west a runner you're fighting an uphill battle with your own neurology. So i'm not i'm not making anybody wrong i'm not trying to to to make people feel bad. But this is you know we have the theory in the dogma that's been around the nlp world for decades and.

Then you have the neuroscience of it right. And as a neurolinguistic programmer we can't be focused on what we believe. So much as what's true and what we can what is useful i'm not saying that you know a highly skilled neurolinguistic programmer can't make transformation using the old model it's to the test of time for the large part. But neuroscience is telling us modifications and differences that make a difference.

So i want you guys to just be aware of that um this is again if what i say does not resonate with you find something that does. But you don't have to believe what i say for it to work for you just do it and prove it to yourself one way or the other uh let's see here i got one i got time for i got five minutes let me see do you have a course that will help with raising a person's dimension level uh miriam can you elaborate on what you mean by dimension level i think i know. But i want to make sure is this programming cd or down it's all download except for the the live training of course what would you recommend to improve and increase focus start with the frame remember time in your life when you had a lot of focus and a lot of concentration points where you feel it reach out touch it make the frame bigger wrap it around you you'll go right. Into that state someday you get attracted to someone.

But other days you don't why is that hormones hormones phases of the moon and pheromones susan miller says i'm a.d as and though this worked for me yes. It will because most 80 people have a strong kinesthetic bias most people who are 80d are actually hyperkinetic oh james crocker says i got the package actually took. A break during the webinar and used identity by design to stop my son from vaping and using thc boom there it is awesome job james well done thank you. So much i purchased the program our cds included is a download i think i just answered that question absolutely agreed okay.

Roswell says whatever the reason i'm an lmt okay. And a circus performer i'm helicon aesthetic and i struggle to do the same activities from people who are visual it just doesn't make sense to me. So i wasn't going to buy it. But it really doesn't yes.

Because you don't have to see anything for this to work it's a great you guys got great questions here's another thing that screws people up when you hear the word visualize which i try to i try not to use that word a lot. But you will hear me use the word imagine a lot and the problem with that word is it has the word image in it and people believe that when you hear the word image that you have to see a crystal clear picture for tonight no. You don't if i were to ask you to describe your bedroom you could there's a part of you that would see where everything is in your bedroom in relation to each other and as you look. At it in your mind's eye it may just be a blurry blob.

But you know what each of those blobs is and that's good enough and if you can't see something pretend you can it'll still work because at the end of the day when even people who are um um a a fantasia describe things they still have pictures that they're manipulating with their hands these are people who are neurologically unable to see pictures they're still doing this because at some level they're still processing that data. So don't get hung up on this idea that you need to see clear or for any of this to work in fact you can use all sound you can use all smell you can use all tastes. But you physically manipulate them and your neurologist says our knowledge doesn't know the difference if you just if you're looking at this from a purely hypnotic perspective there is no. Difference between something you vividly imagine and something that's arbitrarily real.

But if you take the vibrational component and add it in now you are actually manipulating vibrational constructs using all of your neurology okay. But you know great questions great questions 3d to 40 you're already in 4d mirroring you're just not aware of it all that science taught me is my heart pity that. So the technique i just tried really would separate the happiest feeling yes. It can do that absolutely can't there may be other techniques you might want to use in addition to that.

But they're in the course representational system va kog only yes. Okay. So hold on a. Second um i'll use a computer analogy aren't representation system via kg only input output ie input keyboard cd-rom microphone okay.

I have no. Idea what this question is. But if you email it to me or ask it in the in the if it's a positive edge you still put a black frame around it only if you want to neutralize it if it's a positive one i would actually take the frame off and make it bigger and move it to where it feels the strongest just like we did with the frame game i think i answered dorothy's question about visualizing phases of the moon as in a spirit as in spiritually could be yeah okay. You use this technique corey the magic frame is good for this this kind of stuff how do you get the download reach out to stephanie she will give you a url to go download your stuff also check your email what if it's all crystal clear perfect maurice what your have you heard of anyone with the constant sound of crickets and jean bugs within their head 24 hours a day it sounds like a form of tinnitus to me um for you i could probably address it with magic frame.

But i might want to redress the cause for use you might want to reach out to one of our therapists or associates and see any work going on all right. All right. You guys are rocking it well again that's all we have time for uh i hope you had a good time uh once again let me post these uh these urls for you this is the. Last call for our uh our webinar offer in the words of the immortal caliber net i'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night everybody if someone could post uh the office number in uh the chat.
