Title: Law of Attraction, Manifestation and Covert Hypnosis Lecture - Hidden Laws of Mental Dynamics 001
File Name: g64OU9aRtKw.txt
Video Id: g64OU9aRtKw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g64OU9aRtKw

This will make it life on the field and make it happen all myself okay. Well here's the thing is you've got to do more than just create a visualization you've got it put it in a place in your neurology that acts like a. GPS that moves you towards it okay. So morphs or a physical or a physical thing.

Then mentally well. I don't. I don't make a distinction my work has shown me that there is no. There is no.

It's an arbitrary it's just whoo and transcendence from one in the other without ever worry about your enteric your feet are speaking in very vague terms. So. I don't really know what the hell you're talking about we need to start getting more and more specific on your language because one of the things that happens when we try to describe internal experience is we tend to delete distort and generalize information and in order to make a change we have to uncover the missing pieces of information we have to put them back into a specific you know boot. NLP would call it uncovering the deep structure okay.

So what do you actually want like the. First thing that comes to mind what. I sell what is it eyes. We want us to know to go forward to do what specifically with us we go forward in business and to be successful at it okay.

What business and how you define success as to be able to reach my goals what goals specifically do you have them another think about it it's always been very very big as far as what. I do. Then that's where you need to start you see your. GPS can't guide you until you pick a destination okay.

You guys know the smart system for gold creation specific measurable attainable do you not right. So again when we start talking about experiences and we start you'll see it energy workers do this all the time they start talking about things and they get global made elite huge chunks of information which tells you they don't know what the hell they're talking about either although they think they did okay. I can say that because. I'm a braking master.

I'm a pranic healing. I'm a. DNA data healer. I'm a cheat on guy.

I'm doing. I have another dot just keeping it big. So that like the patient because when you ask what they mean they can't answer when you try to chunk down and get specific they can't answer the. Goodes can't they can't.

I think don't beg they lapse into more vagaries they just don't they don't know what the hell they're talking about because. I know you can talk in vague terms on purpose to address like a crowd. So they can feel it. But most people when they describe their problem do the same thing for their own home yeah they don't know they're deleting information they're they're giving you a and what's the word.

I'm looking for a a lossy image for lack of a better word they've taken information from the big picture they have deleted information from it and. Then they transmit that and. Then when you try to blow it back up there's all kinds of missing and the missing is the vagaries compressed yeah that was it okay. So we're not into the.

NLP stuff yet we understand. I want you to understand the general rules of the mental dynamics. First. Then we'll apply.

NLP to it and you can start seeing how things start to change rapidly okay. Because even if you don't understand how. NLP works if you apply rules of the mind especially if you're doing any kind of energy work you're going to get profound amplification to change and you're probably doing a lot of this stuff. Anyway you just didn't know there were principles that you were following imagination is far more important than knowledge or willpower when dealing with your own mind or the mind of others okay.

They have a saying when the imagination in the willpower are in conflict imagination wins pretty much all the time okay. Unless you are hyper trained like. Navy. SEAL level trained to just go forward and that's mostly a trance phenomenon.

Anyway it's not really willpower what willpower no. Whatever you say oh well. I'm talking about when soldiers are when soldiers go through boot camp they're basically going through brainwashing camp they're taught to their basic the whole process is going to systematically wear down their bodies and minds and make it more malleable. So that when they come out they're trained to respond a certain way and it's mostly preconscious or unconscious okay.

Is that how hazing works too yes. Hazing is more about breaking down social barriers and creating new new social relationships it's why most gangs when you're when you become a member of the gang they beat the hell out of you they call it jumping in it's it that's part of the process it's a ritual of initiation and when you are accepted into that group. Then your cultural identity tends to change as well okay. We identify ourselves as subgroups of a larger group and those are those identities that we accept and take on change our behaviors in.

Arbil you want to make more money move move from where you live now to someplace where people are making the amount of money you want to make within two to three years your income will grow to match well the castle 22 is. I obviously need to have the income to move as well you can you've got to start the process somewhere you want to get successful with women hang out with a lot of guys who are successful with women you'll become more successful by default even though maybe you won't in your mind reach the same level as the guys you're hanging out with compared to where you were it'll go up okay. Now along the same lines if you want to be successful with women you need. First of all define what kind of women you want to hang out with and.

Then you need to make as many friends like that as possible notice that. Then you don't try to sleep with them okay. The secret is to have an idea of what kind of woman you want to be with make friends with those women get comfortable with those women okay. Well.

I think that's important. But that actually evolves as a man goes has more and more experiences with women see men and women from that perspective of a very different experience of relationships most women don't worry about where their. Next man's coming from in the sense that the cultures we live in teach men in imprint in men a sense of sexual starvation relationship starvation where a man is just happy to get whatever comes along which is why the minute his income and his social status change he trades up okay. It's because of the way society has programmed men that to take what they can get and when they're when their status changes what they can get changes and.

So they go the only way out of that is to create more power and choice with the women with women in general. First having a lot of relationships and deciding and covering what it is about women beyond the sex that inspires you that excites you that makes the relationship more fulfilling. So as you gain more and more freedom and sexual choice you become more and more selective because you're not constantly starving that's what we're trying to do with the programs. I teach.

I'm trying to create better men by giving them that power and choice. So that they can become more selective and not take whatever the universe throws their way because that's what their self-esteem says they can have that makes sense because that's how it works this is why you have. So many women in the. First.

Wives. Club you know it's just the way it works. I guarantee the vast majority of everybody. I deal with the moment their socioeconomic status changes.

So there's pretty much everything else ok. Because it's about self-esteem it's about identity unless you already have that prior to unless you got that handled and you know what satisfies you what makes you happy and you have that and even. Then it's still important for your partner to grow with you right. And that should be something you're sorting for.

Anyway. But most guys don't think about that because what they're looking for is a steady is a steady diet of moist relief that's what drives us because it's the desire that gets fed at least once that's no. Longer an issue other things up the pyramid start to become more important ok. But remember the primal dry seals the lizard rules the lizard will draw it will divert attention energy brain cells away from any other activity until those primal drives are met that's why sometimes it if like.

I sleep with a woman that. I don't find like you know drop-dead gorgeous or like in all aspects of the word not just looks and after it's done and over with. I want to get the out yeah and that's why. But like.

I've had it before where like with my. First girlfriend it was like. I did not want to get the out like. I actually really loved her mm-hmm and and.

So like. I felt no. Need to like get up and leave yeah yeah is satisfied. So it's time to you know move on to the.

Next heard yet because those are their primal drives okay. Your primal drunk remember your jeans don't go to heaven the jeans stay here okay. All the reptilian brain cares about is propagating the genes you know cleaning the gene pool. So if.

I can make sure that. I and my friends or whoever. I hang out with actually get enough sex where there's no. Like there's no.

Feeling of scarcity there. I feel like that would free me up to do. So much more hmm it won't like take over like such a big part of my life well let's be good again remember the drive that doesn't get fed grows okay. Now there are people who it becomes a pathological thing where their whole self-esteem is built around their ability to get that to get that to get that.

But the average meant that. First for the average man that's only the fantasy when they actually have that it changes them it evolves okay. But most guys they can't see they don't have that reality and. So they don't eat they don't get the opportunity to evolve and grow beyond it.

So once guys get that's why a lot of pickup artists the good ones like get the lake hell out of pickup eventually yeah because like they get enough sex and whatever like it's been it's not been and. Then the new pickup artists are all the single guys who are just you know and. Then if they go through that normal course of evolution they don't have some skating insecurities or whole identities built around being a pickup artist get important it's important to have skills. But when that becomes your identity now it's a pathological trance because once you stop that remember in.

America whether you're man or woman in a modern time you are what you do your identity is built on what you do for a living okay. If your job is a pickup coach or pickup artist and your identity is built on that and you stop being that you stop being something somebody worthwhile. Then that's perfect because my identity is built around helping people here not not specifically that help is to be on current area yeah. I understand it just okay.

But the point of is we have to understand the building blocks of our identity okay. Barbara comes from a corporate background is that education okay. So she sees herself as an educator right. Now she's becoming an educator in a different field right.

But when when when when. Barbara you asked. Barbara what do you do she goes. I am an educator that's an identity statement she doesn't say.

I do education or she doesn't say. I educate people she says. I am an educator right. That's an identity statement which means it's up the pyramid anything that we identify with controls us is there you think that's a bad thing it's the way it is.

However anything that we can dis identify from we gain power over. So should. Barbara in that case a. I enter.

Kate rather than. I am an educator well think about it when you say when you say um give me an identity statement. I'm a leg coach okay. You're a life coach notice how that feels now what happened when you say.

I do life coaching oh yeah okay. What just happened. I'm. Mia you have freedom of choice to do whatever the hell.

I want right. Now what. I'm doing is life coaching exactly because when you identify it becomes solidified and it's just unchangeable it's immutable it's called the logical levels of belief a hierarchy of beliefs okay. So when you say.

I'm fat you've basically solidified that at a level that can't be changed because it's just who you are. But if you if you chunk it down too where. I could use a few. I could lose a few pounds now you've gone from an identity level to something that's actionable it's just something you're doing and.

Then it becomes changeable and you're purposely saying that by the way in the action. Charmy not a say like. I have a few extra pounds or no. I'm not saying you have a few extra pounds.

I'm not an example the teaching exec orse. But what. I'm saying is that you purposely put it in action terms right. Because in.

I could lose or am losing yeah you chunk down on the belief stand and it meta we'll talk about it a little bit. I think in. NLP practic master brat goes into it a whole lot more. But there's a hierarchy of beliefs that we have and depending on what level of belief that statement resides that gives you a certain level of control power over it right.

Somebody comes if you say. I'm just fat on the fat. I'm fat and. I need to lose weight the.

First thing you want to change is that statement mm-hmm you need to get them to dis identify from being a fat person. So what are you. So what have you been doing that's keeping you fat right. The minute you say what have you been doing that's keeping those those pounds on you it changes you from an identity statement.

But some people buy into the identity. So. I just have fat jeans right. Yeah people love that shape because it means that they're not responsible for their life exactly that's problematic.

Then you send those people home seriously yeah. I send them home because nobody will change until they've suffered enough they won't because a lot of times if things are uncomfortable they'll do something to eliminate the discomfort and. Then once it drops below a certain threshold they'll stop acting on it okay. But when it gets to the point where they just can't take it anymore when they're willing to grasp the tip of a sword in order to stop from drowning when they're that fed up desperate that's when you get the most powerful change.

So sometimes it's important for us to agitate the problem how do you as it ate something not really like problematic in terms of money remember. I mentioned money before the number one thing. I'm facing is that. I always have you know maybe a little bit over enough to like do what.

I need to do. But never the luxury that. I want what's going to happen if you keep doing it that way. I'm just always going to have like.

X and. L in my bank account what are you not going to happen. I'm not going to have oh. I see why that's how you agitate it huh okay.

And what's not going to happen because of that what are you going to miss out on okay. How's that going to suck for you remember in terms of in terms of motivation strategies you only have two possible directions you either move towards pleasure or away from pain they are not mutually exclusive because you can be the kind of person who actually moves towards pleasure and away from pain or you can be someone who moves away from pain and towards pleasure or or in other words the order and sequence that you do these is important some people are towards pleasure away from pain some people are away from pain and towards pleasure and that's that a thing that doesn't change there's a continuum. But it's basically those two directions and depending on how they state their problem will tell you what direction their motivation goes. So your woman will cheat on you versus you could have an amazing sex life that's how it goes it could be that that's that's a very that's one pole your woman will cheat on you right.

Give you a woman amazing orgasms feel that you know be able to satisfy your lover like never before that's towards pleasure no. It's yours. Later or it could be if you don't satisfy your woman she will cheat on you. So that's that's still a little bit more as a satisfy your woman every night keep her from cheating forever.

So that's a way from game-keeper will give your woman satisfy a woman like never poured its pleasure towards pleasure away from away from pain yeah okay. So the direction of motivation is an other strategy that people have when people talk to you they will instinctively relate to you in their strategies in the way that they motivate and move themselves. So if somebody's saying. I need to do.

X. So. I can. Y pay attention to is it a pleasure to towards pleasure or away from pain or is it away from playing and towards pleasure when you talk to them talk to them the same way that make sense.

So. I need to be more attractive. So or. I need to be thinner.

So. I can feel better or. I need to lose weight. So he's also using lovely words mm-hmm he's got a lot of modal operators that's a different class.

But don't worry about it right. Now. But. I'm just giving you some basic ideas understand with it a lot of what you guys are coming up with is it really about motivation it's really just about motivations right.

So we need to understand if you're going to create marketing messages this is very important a lot of people in the empowerment group are the empowerment niche do not really respond very well to getting to pain oriented messages. First did you not know it'll get their attention. But it'll kind of put them off a little bit. So what do you do with that if you want it.

Then you start with tap into your true potential learn how to remove limiting blocks learn how to free yourself from emotional pain what did i do there tap into your hidden potential towards pleasure right. Right. And. Then remove limiting blocks free yourself from emotional pain blah blah blah towards pleasure away from pain simple marketing message.

But stop hurting now make the pain go away uncover limiting beliefs feel good now enjoy your life more be free which one had more impact. But the one would have more impact than when you kind of got your attention more that felt right. Tends to equal your motivation strategy right. As a rule even though this is true pain oriented messages tend to work better.

Anyway because the human nervous system is hardwired to move away from pain. So even if you're positively motivated you're a positive. PMA person you will still respond to pain oriented messages significantly okay. It's just weighted that way from an evolutionary standpoint.

But from a new-age white-light perspective we like to love you know we like love life is good. I'm in my space. I'm in my beingness right. Okay.

Once an idea has been accepted by the inner mind it remained there until it is replaced by another idea okay. This kind of goes hand in glove with our identity statements once you accept something as an identity or as a belief it will remain until you come in and you put something else there which is why. I never just take stuff and throw it away. I always change it.

So there's something in its place okay. On the spinning exercise we just did with you. I didn't. I could have just as easily had you take it out and throw it away yeah.

But. Then what's gonna fill in the nature abhors a vacuum. So. I took.

The exact same thing that fits in that space. I tweaked the code a little bit and put it back in which matched your coding system perfectly and also it generalizes the new code takes over life is better okay. It's the same concept whenever we put something in or whatever we take something out we need to put something in its place this is important this one is a cross contextual influence tool you need to understand it every suggestion that is accepted and acted upon increases the likelihood of the. Next suggestion being accepted and acted upon okay.

Any suggestion accepted and acted upon mm-hmm increases the likelihood of the. Next suggestion being accepted is that how the escalation letter works like that yes. Yes. Yes.

Missus mmm okay. There's also corollary to that every time a suggestion is rejected it increases the likelihood that the. Next suggestion will be rejected which is something the hypnotist don't tell you because most of them don't realize it most we don't even know about these laws. I got these from.

Jerry kind with brilliant this is one for you. Barbara is especially important emotionally induced symptoms tend to cause organic change if they persist long enough seventy percent of all elements are functional in nature not organic seventy percent of all elements are functional in nature. But they're not organic all one sorry ailments. LME's.

Elm is ail. I mean alien sealants an extension of rule number one what the mind expects to happen tends to be realized emotionally induced symptoms tend to cause organic change if they persist long enough. So being mad at yeah they'll manifest as tumors ulcers lesions limbs stopped working pretty much anything this is this is what. I do clinically most of the time when someone's in my chair for a physiological problem it's repressed emotion that needs to be resolved okay.

And. I have to go in there with hypnotic bazookas and dynamite and shovel. I'll have to let them decompress it. I have to let them resolve it.

However they need to this is one of the secrets this is in. Chinese medicine we could call these internal pathogens. Chinese medicine case full credit to the power of repressed emotion they just don't really have a very solid way of going directly in and removing and except by a cue by acupuncture and. Meridian work okay.

Hypnotists and derivatives of hypnosis we have that ability. So it's very powerful when dealing with the subconscious mind and its functions the greater the conscious effort the less the unconscious response in other words you try too hard you shut off your unconscious access and your conscious mind tries to run the show okay. When dealing with the subconscious mind and its functions the greater the conscious effort the less the subconscious responds this is where you those of you who start using hypnosis clinically or dealing and doing any kind of therapeutic work you will see that people will try to do what you're telling them to do and they will choke because they're trying to do it consciously instead of allowing the unconscious mind to work is how. I tried harder often isn't bad strategy yeah like try harder try hard yeah no.

Like try to fall asleep. I've ever tried it. Hensley. I've tried right.

So it's important when dealing with the unconscious mind make things easy take it easy less is more develop positive mental expectancy that your problem can and will be solved okay. Remember it all goes back to what the mind expects to happen tends to be realized okay. It's it's a metal rule when you can start to engineer expectation. Then you've gotten a significant significant advantage over any other modality engineer expectation can you give an example doing that uh yeah one of the ways that you can engineer expectation is by how you set up your waiting room like some people like to put lights pretty pictures on their walls and plants and make it all comfortable one of my mentors all he does is he has all his walls are filled with testimonials on his book.

Is a little scrapbook. Nothing. But testimonials of satisfied customers and patients and things like that oh that helps also raising your prices right. Raising your prices is a little bit of a different you can also raise expectation by being constantly booked right.

One of the things a lot of people do who aren't busy if somebody will call and they'll say well the closest appointment. I have is in two weeks. So can you how does that work for you you know and they're like oh my god he's really busy he must be good right. When restaurants are opening up many of them will pay people to come in and sit in the freaking rate restaurant and look.

Full okay. Faith healers. First couple people that come up are pave their shells and. Then everybody else that comes up gets healed okay.

The law of expectation when you can engineer expectation the mind does the rest okay. Not putting an ethical balance train on it it's just the way we work you have to work with that within your own sense of personal ethics. But remember your job when people come to you is to help them get the change period.
