Title: Psychological Secrets for How To Let Go of Fear,  Awkwardness and Become Super Confident  Pt 1 - NLP
File Name: gaG50xO160Q.txt
Video Id: gaG50xO160Q
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaG50xO160Q

Hi my name is. David. Schneider and welcome to fearless confidence today we're going to be discussing one of the topics that people find the most their in the most nita for lack of a better word we're going to talk about confidence only briefly primarily because over the years is that work with clients in both in clinic and live events and trainings and one-on-one in various applications everything from dating and attraction to negotiation and mediation to even kinesics interview and interrogation techniques the one thing influencers of all kinds tend to focus on is this need for confidence. But what.

I've discovered after really just kind of burrowing below the surface into the subject of confidence and don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that people shouldn't be confident. But what. I am saying is that what most people think of as confidence is really just fear more often than not when you're hearing somebody say.

I need to be more confident want to have more confidence what they're really saying on a functional level is that. I just want to stop being afraid and. So today we're going to talk about some we're gonna start with some very quick and very powerful tactical ways that you can stop being afraid and start entering that confident zone in as little as two minutes right. If you find yourself in a situation or a circumstance where you know you've been knocked off of your game for lack of a better word or you need to be on your game going in we're gonna share with you some very very specific tactical approaches that you can begin to install and utilize right.

Away if you if you've done nothing to watch the. First five or ten minutes of this video and you had these one or two techniques you could go out and significantly improve your performance in any theater of influence whether that's self influence whether that's influencing a man or a woman to go out with you whether that is walking into the trial court room the bloody room as. I like to say in all my trainings and things like that these techniques are universal they will help you in every field of endeavor from the courtroom to the classroom to the boardroom to the bedroom and all points in between. So the.

First thing. I want to talk to you about when talking about confidence is. I want to talk to you about something. I call the mind body feedback loop now most of us in the in the self-help world the self development role we know that there's a feedback loop that exists between our mind and our body.

But what a lot of us don't really understand or what a lot of people don't really understand is how do we influence on that in a more bulletproof way what most people teach us is that we need to exert our willpower to control our mental emotional state and that's okay. Except that when you find yourself in high stress environments when you find yourself in situations and circumstances that activate the level of emotional arousal within you which is another way of saying stress and fear is just a more extreme form of stress anxiety just in a more middle ground between extreme fear and and just tension form of stress all of these things are on the fear continuum. So the one of the things that we have to understand is that the way your brain works in the way your neurology works is that the more stress that enters your body the more it has to manage that stress the more rapidly your conscious mind checks out the more it loses its ability to function and control that state effectively. So unless you're one of those special people who is a trained as a.

First responder someone who's going to highly trained military person somebody who is an extreme athlete somebody who's used to functioning in these high stress high level environments you're gonna find out more often than not that the environment is what will count against you and your ability to control and manage that state and be confident it's going to work against you it's not gonna be as accessible if you rely on strictly your willpower now. I'm not going to get into my whole dissertation on willpower verses physiological state control instead we're going to jump right. Into some tactical things that we can start to begin to apply right. Away and.

I'm gonna give you some resources. I'm gonna give you some things that you can begin to experiment and explore on your own the. First one. I want to talk to you about is again this goes back to this whole mind body feedback loop the mind body feedback loop is works like this on a functional level all science aside this is how you make it work for every cycle emotional state that you have in fear there's a psycho emotional state for every mood that you're in depression is a little bit in future videos we'll be talking about how to use your physiology in your posture to alleviate depression anxiety fear these are all states.

But each and every one of those states has a corresponding physiology a corresponding posture a breathing pattern that when you change that physiology you change your posture you can't maintain your state any longer now normally if you were in my class if you were in my training that you see on. YouTube or in my trainings like. CPI where we're teaching killer influence or teaching covert hypnosis or conversational persuasion influence we would spend an entire day practically on just learning how to do all of those things and obviously in the short video that we have. I have to skip a lot of steps.

But my goal here is to give you exactly the tools you need to start performing better today as well as giving you a special set of processes that over time sometimes immediately sometimes over a few sessions will dramatically change your internal world the fears and the triggers that you carry inside of you will simply be given to go away they'll begin to diminish. But that's coming in the. Second part of our vid the. First thing we're gonna do is we're gonna understand it a few key concepts hey your mind and your body are linked and the fastest most powerful way to change that is to change your posture and your breathing now most people who come to a hypnotist who come to an or linguistic programmer they're gonna give you a progressive relaxation induction they're going to guide you and teach you how to relax each and every part of your body and that's great.

But you can't do that out on the street you can't do that in a crowded bar you can't do that in the courtroom you need something that you can apply right. Away. I'm gonna teach you two very powerful techniques that you can just start going on and making changes with and start getting effects right. Away and.

Then we're gonna go into what. I call this clearing process now in the world according to. David has a very special meaning secret human influence technologies and these are ways that we're gonna go in and we're going to clean up all the things that used to make you afraid all the things that used to make you hold yourself back all the things that used to trigger you to not do the things you want to do and to feel naturally more confident because being confident is your birthright. But you don't need confidence in the way that the self-help community teaches us to be confident in order to be successful and for the purposes of this video.

I'd like us to think of confidence using. David's definition rather than the one you might think up in the dictionary or in some of these other self-help trainings. I want you to think of the word confidence to mean a sense of relentless determination combined with a positive expectation or the expectation of a positive result you see you don't need to be confident to be successful you have to have a strong desire and a relentless determination to make it happen and when you combine that with a strong positive expectation or a strong expectation of a positive outcome now you have all the things that come together to form functional confidence and there's no. Top limit to that right.

A lot of times when we as practitioners create mental movies we're creating movies in our head. But we're not really affecting the body and my friend the one thing that we need to affect more than anything else is your body we need to get that meatsuit going for lack of a better word and. So some of the most powerful change work will involve getting your body involved. So if you bought this video hoping to just kind of kick back go into a vegetative state and just let the words flow in well that's gonna happen too.

But not in the way you might expect. So the. First thing. I want us to do is.

I want us to hone in on two very powerful techniques that are gonna teach you a little bit about how your mind and body interact with each other and the reason for that is my job as a teacher my job as a trainer is to teach you how to become progressively more self-aware. So you can exert more control over all the things that push your buttons without your knowing it. So. First and foremost if you get the time there's a the information.

I'm gonna share with you in just a moment comes from a video known as power poses by a lady named. Amy. Cuddy you can find her. TED talk freely available on.

YouTube. I highly recommend you reference that video because this she has done all the science behind the thing. I'm gonna teach you it turns out that when it comes to changing our emotional state that certain postures and certain breathing patterns will actually cause the hormonal balances in our body to change many times in as little as two minutes and. So on a theoretical level that's cool a theoretical level that's kind of neat.

But can we actually what do we how does that actually help us anytime you find yourself going into a state that is not conducive to what you want. So you got to know what you want ahead of time. But anytime you find you're going just going into a state that's not conducive to what you want where you need to be more confident if you assume one of the poses. I'm about to teach you and you hold it for as little as two minutes your blood chemistry will change the corresponding psycho-emotional state the feelings in your body will start to shift to a more confident assertive dominant relaxed state scientifically.

So the. First one. I'm going to teach you is one we've seen many times before it's called the. Superman or the victory pose and it looks like this we're gonna hold it together for two minutes just because okay.

So. I'm gonna just hold your head now. I want to make a distinction with this one real quick a lot of times people who are chronically depressed or who are have a lot of fear or a lot of victim this in them a little bit of a victim mindset or the world is out to get me kind of a mindset they start off with this strong victory posture and over the course of several seconds it becomes this this is not the victory pose this is the hanging in the dungeon waiting to be tortured pose. So we got to remember that when we want to activate the physiological changes in our body the hormonal changes in her body we got to roll that chest up and out we've got to roll those shoulders back we got to look.

Up and we got to think. Victoria stops now you don't actually have to think the victorious thoughts or replay victorious ideas in your head for this to work just the posture if you hold it for as little as two minutes based on the studies will show a 20% up to a 20% increase and the amount of testosterone your body's going to produce it's gonna show a corresponding drop in the amount of cortisol which is the stress hormone that your body is going to produce. So holding this posture for as little as two minutes will result in you becoming progressively more dominant confident assertive and more relaxed at the same time and that's important okay. Because as you become more relaxed and dominant people perceive you and respond to you differently because all of you is changing at the same time you won't necessarily perceive the change.

But everyone around you will and the interesting thing about this is that when they tested this just beyond the blood chemistry ratings when they took. People who assumed these poses and in double-blind tests put them in the most challenging grueling interpersonal environments you can imagine the people who held these poses always scored consistently higher than the control groups and the people who didn't do them. So this is the. First pose this is the.

First idea. I want you to have any time you're about to do self work any time you're about to do an affirmation any time you're about to meet somebody for the. First time do a presentation find a stall find them buy the place where you can be alone for as little as two minutes and hit that pose just hit that pose okay. That's our.

First one and that's awesome right. That alone will break any state that you're in because one of the problems that we have is we don't try to be confident until we feel less than confident that's the problem is confidence is always a result of us feeling something else it's always a result of us feeling anxious or fearful rather than becoming our baseline that makes sense. So if you're gonna do confidence-building work if you're gonna create that sense of relentless determination combined with a positive with an expectation of a positive result you got to break whatever state you're in. So nothing is tainted.

But just doing this a few times a day will dramatically change your life now a lot of people know this you. I'll give you my pedigree a little bit. Later because right. Now.

I'm all about getting a functional fast. I used to. I consult. I still do as a matter of fact.

I. I do our jury and trial consulting with lawyers and personal injury attorneys and. I had a client who was very nervous about giving a deposition or actually working in front of this one judge apparently was just a mean hard to get along with judge and. So.

I taught him the power pose and what happened was he would hit you know right. Before he would go into court he would hit the pose and he felt dramatically better he felt a lot more common in the in the courtroom and he did really really well. But that's the end and that's kind of cool. But the really cool part was he had a client he was gonna be all he had a witness that had he had a deposed it was going to be deposed and the client was absolutely terrified of testifying and he was all he also happened to be the coach of a football team high school football team and.

So what. I didn't know. I found out this. Later was that he taught his witnesses how to hold these power poses and he did really really well when he was actually on the stand and.

Then a few weeks. Later he came back with another story turns out that that particular high school football coach had been the coach of a losing team they hadn't won a championship in five years and. So what happened was during half times during breaks the coach would have his entire football team holding these poses and they swept the championship that year. So don't underestimate the power of what.

I'm sharing with you it can turn losers into winners really quick and it can create within you the exact right. Foundation to build on that you can use to add any state to one any outcome you want any time you're afraid any time you're nervous anytime you're feeling less than assume the position hold it for as little as two minutes you can hold it longer if you want to. But hold that position for as little as two minutes and your results will change now that's step one that's where we're gonna start okay. But we've got to get the meat involved we got to get our body kind of playing a little bit.

So. I'd like you to stop for a moment. I'd like you to use your imagination this. BET's.

I said there's something. I like to call point-and-click therapy and the whole idea behind this is that we need to understand that every behavior that we generate every decision that we make that rational and logical as we think we are is based on a feeling in our bodies it's a feeling that we either want a whole lot more of or a whole lot less of and each of those feelings is like a holographic container a bubble with massive massive amounts of information in it now we're not gonna get too far into that right. Now just the functional stuff the bottom line is is all of that information that your neurology is processing emerges from a single point a feeling point we call that the somatic address. So when you have a feeling when you have something that's holding you back or you're seeing pictures in your head it's not the picture that's the problem it's the way that picture or that voice is making you feel and.

So as we change those things inside us. I give you the tools in the. Second part of this video to go in and systematically change all of that everything else will change. But the.

First thing we want to do is want to look. Back again at state control remember confidence on a functional level is relentless determination combined with the expectation of a positive result the most important part of that is the relentless determination you see there's been many times in your life when you've been faced with something you had absolutely no. Confidence in your ability to achieve every time. I ask an audience ask a show of hands how many people have ever had something that they absolutely had no.

Confidence in their ability to do. But it had to be done and you found out you knuckle down and you went and you did it and you achieve the goal even you only had no. Confidence and. Then.

I asked them. I'm gonna ask you the same thing just to think about this for a moment when you think about that when you think of those moments where there was something that had to get done. But you didn't have the confidence to do it. But it had to get done.

So you not go down and you did it. Anyway when did the confidence actually come if you're like most people you'll discover the confidence came after you did the work and that's the secret you got to get started you've got to take action the best. GPS in the world can't help you if you stay in one spot perfect something are imperfect something is always better than a pimper and a perfect nothing. So keep that in mind you've got to combine whatever programming that we're doing with taking the steps and if you do that you're gonna find out you're gonna be more successful more rapidly.

So that being said let's go into our. Next technique this technique we call. I like to call it the magic frame and what it does for you is this gonna teach you a little bit about your nervous system and how your nervous system creates your pictures your internal environment the things that make you afraid the things that hold you back the voices in your head are all under your conscious control. But in order for you to fully get that you've got to create an interface where all of that can happen.

So here's the. First thing. I want you to do. I want you to think of something you.

I want you to. I'm gonna give you a very specific scenario for me okay. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you really really wanted and you decided you were gonna get that thing no. Matter what come hell or high water you made a decision and.

Then you made a plan and you put that plan into action and you nailed it home run. I want you to go back into that moment for me if you. I want you to see what you saw here what you heard feel what you felt smell and taste what you smelt and you taste it. But most importantly what.

I want you to do is. I want you to assume that posture that happened in that moment when you realized you nailed it when you were the top dog you made that goal you've got the result it may be achieved. But whatever it was. I want you to stand that way.

I want you to debris the way you were breathing and let those feelings come flooding into you and as you do that as you do that. I want you to notice something where in your body do you feel it. I want you to go ahead and point to it. I'd like you to use your imagination if you would imagine that floating somewhere in the space around you it's a picture that represents that amazing feeling.

I'd like you to just go out reach out with one of your hands touch it that's right. Just pretend trust your. First impression we're gonna talk about the dynamics of an unconscious response in just a minute. But as you touch that moment.

I want you to take both of your hands now trace the outline of that image. So you know exactly how big it is and. Then just for fun grab it and just like you would expand the windows on your iPhone or on your touchscreen at home what you think it as big as a drive-in movie theater screen notice what happens to the feeling in your body and bring it back notice what happens to the feeling grab it again keep the picture exactly the same size and now what. I want you to do is pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the feeling lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happened did the feeling gets stronger or weaker how did it change and when you're ready just for fun you can have this feeling back in whatever degree or whatever level intensity you want in just a moment.

But for just a moment. I want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head now. I don't know where you live. But here in floor here in.

California we used to live in. Florida. So. I have a moment we play a lot of frisbee once you imagine this thing's now shaped like a frisbee now when you just throw it all the way back over your head until it disappears behind the horizon now scan your body notice what happened to the feelings did they get stronger did they get weaker did they stay the same it doesn't really matter there's no.

Right. Or wrong each of us has a unique way that we process these particular drills now the interesting is it is a drill the more you play with this the more you play pretend like when you were a little kid playing toy to a robber or to a cop or cowboys and. Indians at home the more rapidly your neurology is going to evolve and you're going to have far more control over this dashboard lift your hands up now and imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets watching that should get suck that picture right. Back into your hands what.

I'd like you to do now is. I'd like you to play take a few moments and play with your own neurology. I want you to move that picture around you make it bigger make it smaller pull it closer clear it inside of you put it over your left shoulder or your right. Shoulder and notice how each and every time you move that picture around the feeling changes in some way take all the time you need in the.

Next few moments to really get that you've noticed how it changes and. I want you to keep playing with it. I want you to experiment with it until you find the exact position size and shape that gives you the sensation in the intensity level that you want that gives you the best feeling humanly possible and when you find that fix it in place. Pixlr place as you do notice how that feeling flows into your body from your body into your bloodstream from your bloodstream to every place your blood goes those feelings will start to flow.

But you don't need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place let it flow into every cell every nerve and every. DNA molecule reprogramming those. DNA molecules turning each and every one of them into a little pleasure factor each cell creating and multiplying and magnifying that amazing sensation until every cell in your body is generating more and more and more of these amazing feelings now you don't need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's reached an intensity and intensity level where it's impossible to turn off try to turn it off and notice what happens instead many people discover very very quickly that that sucker just keeps getting stronger that's fine because that's a great place to be you're stuck feeling good now in that cool and it just gets better. So what.

I've just discovered and what. I've just taught you in a very short time is this that every feeling that you have in your body is pushing your buttons it's changing how you relate to the world and the people around you and the fastest way to change it is through your posture and your breathing and once you've done that if you can point to where any lingering sensations are in your body and you touch it you reach out and touch that picture you now have the willpower capabilities the idea of what we call superior thinking the ability to change the coding system that your nervous system uses to create that change inside and make it whatever you want that is control that is confidence that is the ability to modulate your state to become whatever you need to be to get your outcome to get your result no. Matter what now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment we're gonna begin a process based on a new technology holographic memory resolution combined with some conversational no.

System nor linguistics and things like that you don't need to know any of that all you need to be able to do is relax follow the instructions and just play pretend because if you can point to where you feel it you can change it. So let's take a few moments practice these exercises a couple of times and when you are ready come back restart the video and we'll move on to the. Next part of our process wait right. Here.
