Title: FREE CONVERSATIONAL HYPNOSIS CLASS: Instant Conversational Hypnosis LIVE From Las Vegas 2015
File Name: GAJQPxq0jls.txt
Video Id: GAJQPxq0jls
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GAJQPxq0jls

Do my best to give you as much as. I can as humanly possible in the time we have. I will show you and point you in the direction of where to go to get more is that fair yeah okay. First of all thank you all look.

At this room thank you really uh today we're going to talk for the recording for the recordings okay. Just for you at least until you leave the room because. I'm just obstinate that way all right. I am flying without a microphone today.

So if. I start to squeal a little bit you'll know why welcome to instant conversational hypnosis my name is. David. Snider before we get into the meat of today um.

I would. I'm going to do something. I normally save till the end of a training or the end of a session just to make sure that nobody misses it because in the. Last four sessions.

I've done you have been cheated on some amazing stuff and. I want to make sure you all get it is that okay. It's all free. But.

I. But the. Last time. I totally forgot to even mention it cuz.

I was. So rushed. I was trying to get the content out. So everybody take out your cell phones right.

Now if you have internet capability go to your browser type in www nlpp power.com htl 2015 now while you're doing that. I'm going to explain something for the. Last five years since 2010. I've been running the longest ongoing professional skills development mentoring program program that exists we meet on the.

Third. Saturday of every month and basically what happens is you come in doesn't matter if you. I've been been doing this stuff for 20 years or 20 minutes and. I literally go around the room and.

I say what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn today what do you want to learn to. I go all the way around the room. I write the things you tell me on the board. I find the.

Connecting. Threads. I generate the lesson plan right. On the spot and for the.

Next 4 hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep okay. You pick the content. I provide the training.

I've been doing that non-stop every month for five years and. I have videoed every single session and. I've archived them on the. NLP power website to thank you for coming and filling in this room.

I am going to give you complete free full unfettered access to all five years of it thank you. So much for free and there's no. Delayed billing there's there's there's no. Hidden cost there's no.

Delayed billing it's just my way of saying thank you okay. And trust me there are some people here who actually came up to the other day. I sit with you every hour for four hours while. I have my tea and.

I was like oh thank you right. But the the content some of it gets repetitive because a lot lot of people have the same stuff going on. But this it's it's member driven it's called the. NLP power.

Mastermind there will be no. Like. I said it's not like one of those forc continuities where you get it three for 30 days. Then all of a sudden they start billing you like the.

Columbia record. Club does okay. Doesn't work that way okay. But what it does do is it gives you an ability to see what.

I do how. I work with people how. I. Mentor people.

I train people in everything from how to how to become a better mate and partner to. I get hired many times to go into situations completely convert and exert influence on people. So we run the full extreme if you want to be a better hypnotist a better neural linguistic programmer a better salesperson a better marketer there's practice building stuff in there there's marketing stuff in there there's how to do meetups that actually cause people to run to the back of the room to to become clients there's ways to do that if you're flying solo like. I am now or if you if you actually have a team.

So. But. I got to warn you it's not really edited all that well or at all. So there will be some some dead spots where you see people break up and they train and you will see that our particular training funnel we do more.

Hands-On than probably any other trainer in any other training industry in the industry period um and there's a very specific reason why we do it that way okay. So that's gift number one gift number two the business cards that you have in your hand okay. Normally to walk into my room to talk to me is $175 an hour. I charge by the hour not by the session okay.

On that card all. I want you to do is fill out your name and whatever contact information is you feel comfortable giving me legibly please because. I always get somebody writing in. Chinese even though they don't speak.

Chinese they write that way okay. And everyone in this room gets a free 30 minute one-on-one consultation with me okay. Now you can talk about stuff you want to get fixed you can pick my brain for more stuff on the topics we've covered it's your dime actually it's my dime. But it's your time.

I had funny there right. It's completely free no. Strength right. It's just again my way of giving right.

If. I can point you in dire if. I can help you. I'll tell you if.

I if. I know some resources that you can access. I'll tell you that if. I can't help you.

I'll tell you that too okay. Last. But not least in your hands is my training calendar for the. Next year rest of 2015 and all and most of 2016 there is a sale price listed in there okay.

I don't have time to go into that whole catalog. So. I will be at the hpti table. Later on today after you eat and stuff come see me.

I'll tell you about what's going on. But all. I want you to do is any place like in the back of that book. You'll see the the.

Mondo supro. I want at all package what's the price point there it's expensive huh what's it say $2,794 $2,794 right. Do you want. Oh do you want the total no.

Sorry just the what's the sale price now what that is it's any two of my live training events which means you're going to your butt's going to be in my seat plus any one of my recorded physical products of a weeklong training and five digital products that. I have which are in the behind that that's one big combo package $27.95 there's only one problem with that. I like you. So screw that see me before the end before you go home now if you're here from my two-day.

Central and. Erotic. Hypnosis training you got a little bit more time. But if you if today is your.

Last chance to see me grab that pack any of the packages really any two. Live. Events any one set of recordings and five digital products for 1397 okay. That's all.

I got that's my offer if you like it great if not screw it let's talk about how to hypnotize people okay. All right. So the. First thing we need to understand is that the system it te even though you'll you'll see some some similarities to the.

Eric sonian and the. NLP style approaches. I don't have patience for that being a technical term secret human influence techniques okay. Okay.

Okay. So the. First thing. I want you to understand is one of the problems that we have when we start to apply conversational hypnosis or want to use conversational hypnosis.

NLP by itself without getting into patterns one and patterns two teaches over 31 different language patterns which ones do you use when and how do. I know well it turns out that there are certain key language patterns and. I'm going to share with you the conver the conversational hypnosis algorithm. I use which makes you able to exert conversational influence anywhere and.

I'm going to. I'm going to share with you before you leave the most powerful language pattern that exists and it's completely not sexy completely not sexy which is why it's. So damn powerful and. Then.

I'm going to teach you the passcode to every human being's nervous system and they're going to give it to you you ready ready okay. So. First things. First this is what.

I call the. CPI off everybody did everybody do this in their phone okay. There's a link there make sure you click it. So you get on that list how long do the link until.

I figure out when to change it. So it could be it could be done by the time. I get back to my hotel room tonight. But it's probably going to be up probably until.

I get home. But. I would really. I'm doing it now because.

I know if you guys do it now you won't miss it you won't forget it make sense and and. I normally don't do the. I apologize for this. I normally don't do things this way.

But usually. I'm. I'm used to longer sessions and and more time and things like that and. I love questions don't get me wrong.

I love questions. But the more questions you ask less content. L content we get okay. So.

First and foremost this is the con this is what we call the. CPI model when. I originally developed this it stood for conversational persuasion and influence okay. We had this one of the my cameramen for that particular course.

First time we recorded it was a guy named. Scott s you might have heard of him the guy working my door and organizing my event was. Richard. Clark you might have heard of him too guess who was working my sound.

Richard. Rumble amen right. Hey. Richard.

Rumble the same crew you got working your who built. Hypno. Thoughts way back in 2005 now the. CPI model actually also coincidentally or not coincidentally also stands for critical path of influence now a.

Critic critical path is an engineering term it implies the the least number of steps necessary to accomplish something the omission of which allows the causes the result to not happen. So what. I'm going to give you is a critical path of influence starts like this state control. Rapport everybody's a.

Critic this is what happens when. I when. I when. I stop being self-contained let me see if.

I got something is there a uhoh they told me not to use the purple one because there's an eriksonian class in here ahead of me and. So they're all kind of you guys knew. ER. Ericson only has a peculiar kind of color blindness right.

So. State oh yeah moving right. Along could you see the red okay. All right.

All right. So. State control which you see based on the amount of technical glitches. I have at any given moment.

I've really got down right. State. Control. Rapport language.

State management process. Criterion values let's say. I have a negotiation and if you're married you've had intense ones right. I need to get my state right.

If. I'm not in the state. I need to be in. I don't have access to my resources period end the story nothing happens until your state is right.

Now if you've been at any of my previous breakouts we spend a lot of time on posture and breef breathing did we not the fastest way to get into the state you need. First of all you have to know what you want you never go into any persuasion intervention or any any sit uh. Dynamic without knowing what your outcome is persuasion and influence whether it's overt or covert. But especially in a covert situation conversationally is like being on a rocky ocean you constantly have to course correct okay.

And if you don't have an outcome it's like trying to na naate without a star to go out go by or or a lighthouse to steer towards all right. If you don't know what your outcome is you're going to wind up somewhere else okay. Notice that. I put.

State control before. Rapport took. Me and. I.

I battled myself for many years why you know which is more important. State control of. Rapport. State.

Control. Rapport. Then it hit me what is. Rapport it's a state right.

It's a state right. And anybody here ever getting rapport with somebody okay. Anybody here ever getting rapport with somebody who's really not in a good. State what happened to you was it easy to get out of it or did you want to gnaw your arm off to get away as quickly as possible right.

When we drill. State. Control it's all about your body if you can learn how to control your physical body you've just tapped into a major power source. SCE that funnels and fuels your language okay.

The latest research is showing us guys gals 80% of the decision is made before they hear you speak now. I'm. I work professionally. I don't know how much longer.

I can say this because. I haven't signed the agreement yet. So. I can say it.

I. I work professionally with a large number of personal injury attorneys on how to influence judges and juries just the material some of the material that. I'm going to share with you today has literally caused expert. Witnesses for the opposition to wave their attorney client privilege to answer the my my client's questions it's on video yes.

It's that strong wow okay. And again they only gave me 50 minutes. So complain cuz they cuz they expect me to complain and they go yeah yeah thank you. David we we'll note that for.

Next year. But when you complain right. So it's all about. State.

Control if you've been to my li detection. Workshop if you've been to the spinning. Workshop um and. I think we did it a little bit with uh in.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction yesterday that physiology stuff that's the tip of the iceberg a very very large powerful. Iceberg your physiology controls your psychology remember that there's a lot there your physiology controls your psychology if you walk up to somebody and you you stand in their posture okay.

Within 2 minutes or less your nervous systems will start to entrain actually when as little as 15 minutes it must happen anybody here familiar with the uh a group called heartmath.org okay. Here's the research a boy and his dog a dog and his boy were out playing they they hooked them up to these machines to measure what would happen within 15 minutes both the boy and the dog heartbeat synchronized. So this is not about suggestion this is physics okay. When that synchronization happens there's a frequency following effect that the nervous system goes into you're going to if you if you're in in the average person who's basically droning through the world pacing and leading or one one person taking the lead the other person following is going to oscillate back and forth and someone who's trained in.

State. Control you can drive their state will follow whatever state you're in now who remembers when. I was yesterday when. I was talking about perceptual filters or emotional refractory period okay.

Here's how it works this is the ramifications of what emman discovered who does not know what. I mean when. I say motional refractory period okay. Here we go motions revealed by.

Dr. Paul. Atman he defined a behavior the nervous system does called the emotional refractory period it's a priority shift that your nervous system does in terms of the information in the environment. So here's how this works on an influence and a hypnotic level when you in train with somebody's physiology and you there's a sensation that happens we have to train you to do that you don't just assume it because a lot of people don't know what to assume.

But there is a kinetic sensation when a nervous system entrains like. Bluetooth sinking okay. When you do that any emotional state shift or. Consciousness shift you create will tend to be mirrored in the other human being it's completely nonverbal you can do it from this close or across the room and when you get really good you can do it from across the planet okay.

But that's a little bit too science fictiony for this class okay. It's something you have to build up to right. But trust me when. I say.

I'm going to be putting out some videos that are excerpts from my. Last class you'll see some really weird well you'll you'll see really weird happening. Anyway you're not a hypnotist come here did. I mention.

I was a 9th degree black belt y okay. This won't hurt much now. Saul is my friend s s is my friend okay. S and this gentleman here who's heardly writing notes have been saving my butt for the past two days okay.

And. So what. I'm going to share with you is not hypnosis it's not what it's not hypnosis okay. But it is.

State control and it is. Rapport. So now human beings we've all run into this thing called resistance in our practices or in our day-to-day lives right. You know what resistance is fear fear it comes in 3+ 1us two categories we automatically resist anything that threatens how we see oursel anything that threatens our self-concept or our physical self we inherently resist we fight back against cognitively we automatically resist anything that threatens how other how we think other people will see us you understand this we inherently resist anything that conflicts with what we have accepted as true now there's one more category of resistance it's not actually resistance it's more of a physiological phenomenon it's called reactants reactant is that instinctive push back or rebellious feeling we get.

I call it the you factor all right. That we get whenever we experience an attempt to influence us that we did not invite. So if uh. I'm going to to to do a presentation on somebody or with somebody and they know.

I'm trained in. NLP or hypnosis even though what. I'm saying sounds really good and it makes perfect sense to them there's this little hesitance to go along with it because they know. I'm doing something right.

Because they know. I'm doing something. So don't tell anybody you know this doofus here did that for 10 years hey want to see what. I can make you do oh that didn't work.

I can do this though oh there went the other foot it all right. So if. I have. S up here right.

And. I push on. S he he wants to come back at me right. If.

I pull on. S he kind of resists just put your arms at your side come over here. So you're in the camera okay. But if.

I love on. S if. I if. I as a as a person you know he.

I'm you know. I'm pulling. I'm pushing him. I'm pulling him there two machines fighting right.

So it's. David and sa and whoever strongest wins right. He's probably going to win he's stronger than me. But if.

I eliminate through that kinetic report thing or that phenomenon the barriers between s and. David we're no. Longer s and. David we're sad and what happens though is if.

I kneel he kneels if. I bend over he wants to bend over if. I step he wants to step and he doesn't think to resist isn't that weird give me a round of applause keep going it's a neurological phenomenon and it's trainable it's not magic although it certainly seems that way you have to train the body just like we train our language and the more powerful your body. States the more powerful your language becomes if you get the state control right.

You can recite. Mary had a little lamb and it will be seductive you can put people in trance with. Mary had a little lamb no. I'm not going to demo it.

But 80% of my persuasion and influence is done right. Here. I going have to use language. But if you ever get find yourself in a situation where you do have to exert influence or you have to be on your game the.

First thing you want to do is ask yourself a question who do. I need to be for that person to be who. I need them to be who do. I need to be right.

And. Then remember a time when you were that person because you have a storehouse of memories in which you actually had those experiences remember where you felt it in your body point to it spin it faster stand the way you were standing breathe the way you were breathing let the state fully engage got it. Then go do your work now back to the emotional refractory period when this shift happens he didn't feel any different consciously and yet. I got a very different body response did.

I not instead of pushing against. I didn't move s by the way that's the secret because. S as a separate entity didn't exist in my world there was. David and.

S as one unit. I moved me he followed that's pacing and leading get it it's also the art of iki or. Systema if you're gonna be a martial if you're gonna if you're if you're a hypnotist and you want to practice a martial art that's going to really make you. Unstoppable as a hypnotist.

Systema the. Russians nailed it. IO. IU [Music].

Jitsu system s y s t m a system is a. Russian martial art it's taught almost exclusively to special forces in. Russia yes. Russ yeah yeah there's actually a neurological reason why that works works today not today.

I. I can do. I know how to do it. I've done it.

But you have to hit the guy really hard. First no. Seriously uh the systemic. Arts the martial arts of.

Systema has a different way of training the nervous system for combat than more traditional martial arts there's. Pathways from from the the central nervous system to the amydala and. Pathways to the neocortex that. Systema develops differently than traditional martial arts if.

I hit you and and one will override the other in the systemic hit that he's talking about if you know what a what how badly that hit is going to hurt it goes right. To your amydala your amydala overwrites your nervous system and you respond to the hit even though it's never touched you it's a major major. Flinch response. But because it's a fear induced.

Trans. State you feel like you got hit it's very cool and it works you bruises. I've never seen bruises. But.

I've never looked either all right. Um. So. But let's say we're going to uh let me get back to this emotional refractory period thing.

So. I can get onto the the other stuff is this good stuff. So far fun with this okay. Um the emotional refractory period every time your body goes through an emotional state.

First of all your body is hardwired to try to maintain homeostasis that means whatever state it's in at any any given moment it's going to want to try to keep it there especially if you like if you if you come into the world with a stress level about three and nothing changes in your world. Then your natural homeostatic level of stress will be three. But if you move through the world and and the stress the level of ordinary stress starts to do this you develop literally a set point for stress and your body will work to maintain that level of stress okay. It's an aspect of the emotional refractory period.

But what happens is depending on the state that you're in another your the your perceptual filters shift in other words the priority you give to certain kinds of information changes based on your emotional state it happens outside of conscious awareness and it modulates everything that you do from that moment on. So anybody ever been in argument with somebody okay. How about here anybody here ever shop for a new car now when. I say new.

I mean new for me not necessarily new from the showroom. But. But you maybe maybe you've had this experience you've gone out. You' you've you've researched the car you decided the color the make the model the the features you want you go from lot to lot to lot you find two or three you haggle over and over again you.

Finally cut the deal you sign the paper you're driving home in your new car you look. Out the window out the rearview mirror and every bought the same car on the same day in the same color what the hell happened there right. True right. Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period anybody ever have this you've been in an argument with somebody you go through the argument process you settle the argument and anything you say to them for the.

Next 10 15 20 minutes pisses them off again welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period anytime you go into an emotional state that emotional state is like a little life form it wants to live as long as possible and it needs food. So without your permission without your consent it will change what you pay attention to. First it will warp your perception of reality. So that you only give priority to the elements in the communication in the environment or the situation that's reinforced or re-trigger the state that's how it works now it's great from a understanding perspective.

But think of the persuasion and influence ramifications of that if. I can entrain with somebody's nervous system and. I know. I've got it that.

I've been able to test it. I know when. I've got it and. I know that once.

I have that. Sensation that if. I go into a certain state within a very short period of time without their conscious knowledge without their conscious consent their state will change too their perceptual filters as a consequence of that will also shift. So now they're predisposed to sorting through the information coming out of my mouth in the way that supports the feelings.

I've just given them without saying a word we're doing this all the time we just didn't know it it's being done to us all the time that is. State. Control in the world according to. David and that's where we start okay.

And it's once you learn the drills once you practice them it is not fair and it's really. Advanced for poor and it can't not happen how many people saw the metronome video yesterday okay. Last breakout. I showed a a video of 40 distinct separate metronomes all moving at different speeds right.

Within four minutes everyone was moving at the same time that's every nervous system in this room it's the law of physic guys it can't not happen you just have to have the sensory acuity to know when it does and when that happens you can write your own ticket okay. Just an idea maybe it's right. Then we talk about language now in my conversational hypnosis system there are only seven language patterns you need to know you can parse that down to two three actually louder please okay. How is this.

So. I'm going to give you. I'm just going to go ahead and give you the most powerful hypnotic language pattern that exists you ready awareness the awareness presupposition category everybody here know what. I mean when.

I say presupposition not many okay. Yes. Okay. So there's different the kinds of persuasion that.

I do and. I teach fall into two big categories they are not mutually exclusive. But um if you try to wax. Eric sonian in a boardroom they're going to show you the door right.

My biggest challenge is. I. I have a deep respect for what the ionians do. I refuse to do it uh because.

I can't listen to it for more than a couple minutes without wanting to drive an ice pick through my head. But uh and because a lot of. Eric sonian techn technique work around two primary principles a confusion and extreme vager okay. Extreme vagary you become a vagrant right.

Now the the presuppositions. I'm going to share with you are also vague. But they sound extraordinarily specific because you fill your own content into them. So literally when.

I speak these language patterns what. I'm giving you imagine this. Starbucks cup if you will is clear okay. You can see right.

Through it when. I speak some of these language patterns it's an empty. Hollow transparent container through the process of presupposition how your nervous system naturally functions. Anyway you fill it with the content because you gener ated the content you don't resist it because you you you didn't realize that you generated it you assume.

I said it that's how presupposition. Works everything that you think. I said you provided. I'll show.

I'll demonstrate that for you right. Now. I'm going to give you a very badly formed sentence just to cause enough cognitive dissonance. So that you can understand what.

I'm saying okay. You guys ready boo no. The giraffe that was blue had only three legs sped down the street and exploded violently now aside from being a very. Twisted.

LSD ridden sentence when. I'm. G to ask you some simple questions about it and. I get pauses in there just to give you some chances to really create those representations when.

I said giraffe what color was your giraffe that was blue no. No. When. I said giraffe what color was it blue was it yeah what color was your yell what color was yours kind of orangey kind of orangey normal giraffe normal giraffe and.

Then when. I said that was blue what happened okay. Is that was that your experience that's my point right. That's why.

I did the pause if. I say it too fast you won't realize you've made a transition you won't be able to parse the language which is one of the powers of this you can't parse it you can't that you can't analyze it fast enough to beat it. But. I want to show you what your brain is doing all the time okay.

The moment you heard the word giraffe your brain went giraffe. I know what that means and it did what we call a trans derivational search in. NLP and it found every reference for giraffe in your nervous system and spat them all up simultaneously and it picked the one that it felt was most relevant to the context and it filled in all the data concerning a giraffe including its color until. I said blue and.

Then. I said oh wait edit right. How many legs did your giraffe have four and. Then what happened we seil his ass right.

You filled that in. I didn't tell you the giraffe had four legs you did. But because. I said giraffe you assumed you know what.

I meant that's what your nervous system is doing all the time every minute of every day the messages you get from a human being the words that you get don't mean what you think they mean and yet they do mean what you think they mean you see when we create. I. I talked about this. I can't go too much into this.

I. I'm just going to. I talked about this yesterday we have two sets of filters in our nervous system and a in a very basic. Global way you have information that is vibrationally transmitted through the five senses it is reassembled into a visual auditory kinesthetic old factory and gustatory representation of the way the world is it's still an interpretation it's still a translation.

But. Then that massive amount of information is sent through another set of filters your beliefs your self-concept your memories your meta programs and what it spits up on the screen in your mind is a distorted massaged highly edited image of the way the world is supposed to be according to you all that happens before you ever see the screen the picture on the screen these language patterns manage those processes is that why we make things mean things yes. In fact one of the language patterns that is one of the most powerful it's called complex equivalence okay. Complex equivalence women by by the way in term this is this is again the world according to.

David based on observation women tend to think predominantly. First in complex equivalent men tend to think predominantly in cause and effect you if you seen any of my. YouTube videos. You'll often hear people me me me me tell this story that uh you know uh guy's late to get to his kid soccer game traffic was horrible uh he had a an client the boss made him stay late he goes over to his wife look.

I'm sorry. I missed. Jack soccer game. Trouble clients the boss was a traffic sucked that's why.

I was late wife goes you'd have loved your son you'd have been there exactly now both genders do it. But. I have noticed a predisposition relationship way it flies guys you need to understand this that when we forget to take the trash out because we were busy doing something else that's not what they get everything you do means something to them they don't parse for the cause of relationship. First they.

P they they parse for the meaning they want to know what the significance of that behavior is in their world look. At the heads nodding guys they're like he read. The. Playbook.

Ladies ladies when we leave the toilet lid seat up it's because we forgot it's not because we disrespect your femininity yeah yeah not. So much you right. And if you look. At if you look.

At the evolution of the genders you look. At the evolution of the genders from the. Stone. Age up to now you understand that because of the reproductive burden that femen.

Shar their entire pathway of of relating and and socialization is very different they are much more attuned to subtle body language cues and shifts and you guys will ever be we're stupid compared to them right. In that category in that category that's a technical term stupid right. My point is. But here's the thing women are equally stupid the yeah.

But they're stupid in a different way and that's the problem right. You see the. I teach a lot of relationship in attraction workshops and. I'm probably one of the few that actually insists on having both genders in the room at the same time because for the entertainment value seen look.

Of. Terror on the other space when. I explain what a behavior they've been misinterpreting from their perspective for decades actually means right. And if you guys want to know more about that.

I'm happy to talk to you after this okay. Um. So we're at language. So the most important by way those are the two big language patterns complex equivalence cause and effect complex equivalence creates an equivalency between two things okay.

Time is money being at. Jack soccer game equal to loving him you understand the distinction there's a formula for it though if you're going to use a complex equivalent it's called the x equals y formula. I'm sorry x equals y okay. X is a pace.

Y is a lead okay. Now who does not know or thinks they know what. I mean when. I say a pace.

I don't know you don't know okay. Who who thinks they know what's a pace pace is the thing you do before you leave smart ass people okay. Anybody else yes. Uh it's a meeting the situation where you think it's at basically or or um if you're facing a person you know you're you're um putting yourself in their shoes or or imitating their um their their body language excellent wrong [Music] okay.

And this is one of the problems that we have is as good as. NLP is it's marvelously not helpful in conveying understanding about. NLP the most advanced communication model in the world can't describe itself it's bizarre isn't that what you just did with himing on a shoulder it was a we have 10 minutes okay. I'm going to have to work really fast here's the thing.

I want you to understand upce pick up the pace that is actually closer like aym it can be. But there's more to it and this is one of in terms of conversational influence this and how the brain works this is what we need to understand and it goes to the the the super the passcode of the nervous system. I'm. I'm going to share in just a moment a pace is anything that you can sensorily verify as being true this board is white.

David is old no. Right. This lady is blonde this lady has a a a colored a purple colored shirt are can you verify those things are true yeah it's also anything that you can cognitively verify as true as you stand as you sit there watching me and listening to my words you're having certain thoughts yeah like that cannot run. I shut that down right.

My whole notice that when. I said you're having certain thoughts you went having certain thoughts am. I having certain thoughts yes. I am right.

Did. I tell you what those thoughts were no. Okay. But did you were you able through a shifting of your awareness awareness to verify that you were having thoughts what just happened is your nervous system just said yep he's real he's true it's true it's true it's true eventually the reptile brain shuts off the critical faculty shuts down down and you just start accepting everything.

I say is true the longer. I. Pace the more rapidly that synchronization of the metronomes on a cognitive level begins to happen basically a yes. Set it's a yes.

Set is a form of pacing we need to get the order right. When we talk about these things a yes. Set is a kind of pace. But it does not have to be a yes.

Set where. I'm forcing you to say yes. It just has to be things that force you to sensorially or cognitively look. At.

I don't have to ask you to say yes. Understand what you understand the distinction in a yes. Said. I'm getting you to say yes.

I don't need to get you to say yes. I just need to get you to follow instructions to say agree with. I'm getting them to do a sensory check and verify the reality of what. I've just said and as they keep going along within five to seven.

Paces the critical. Factor checks out within five to seven. Paces the critical. Factor checks out and if you you slice and if you slice the leads thin enough they never tell when the pacing stops and the leading starts like now okay.

So that's pacing when you think about creating a pace anything you can do that directs their awareness to verifying the reality of what you've just said trans as true though right. It has to be has to be cognitively or sensorially verifiable as true okay. When we talk about. Rapport skills and we're copying physiology okay.

We're becoming as much like them physiologically as possible right. When we when we start drawing their attention to this by the way who was at my li detection. Workshop. I started talking about the three magic questions what was the.

First category of question loc location occasion right. What did. I say this did anybody remember. I told you that human beings at any given moment are in one of four combinations of.

State they can be internal inside their own head they can be external out in the world right. They can be. Associated or dissociated. So they can be in their head having a ball fantasizing right.

We'll do that tomorrow right. They could be in their head running through lists and playing mov movies of things they need to get done that's dissociated they could be external and fully engaged in the moment which is where we want them yes. Or they can be external and disengaged a lot of your uh. First.

Responders. Master this they they they have to go into that aware. But detached. State there's no.

Such thing as a bad state. But the average human being is moving around internal dissociated they're not in touch with what's going on outside when you start to. Pace they become external. Associated got it three magic questions location occasion you start asking people about the environment you're pacing the shared reality at a non-threatening superficial level they go into a light.

Trans. State and. Then you just go deeper okay. Your awareness category your awareness.

Cate. I only got two minutes left. So when you're done follow me to the hpti table or come see me after lunch at the hpti table and we'll go through these lists the awareness category causes causes your brain and awareness to shift or begin the process that immediately follows the awareness presupposition. So as you naturally begin to f fully understand the impact and ramifications of what we're doing you can automatically begin to recognize just how powerful this language pattern can become because it automatically causes you to undergo the experience or redirect your attention to whatever follows it and just to show you that as.

I'm talking you may not have realized the sensation in your left ear until. I mentioned it and as you're paying attention to the sensation in your left ear you can notice how your right. Ear starts to have the same feeling as you notice the sensation in your right. Ear you can begin to rec recogniz that something's weird is happening in the big toe of your left foot notice how your mind goes to wherever.

I follow the awareness presupposition now. I'm not suggesting that you could call tell somebody as you pay attention to all the reasons why you might want to continue to train with me in the future and realize how true that is and how much you really want it and how much it will help you you can automatically recognize that the best way and the fastest way to get the most for your. B bang for your buck and the most wonderful experience possible is to. Simply follow me ear ear if you had a good time please let everybody know if you didn't have a good time don't say a word uh see me at the hpti table if you did not get a brochure remember the prices in there are now half of what they're listed as see me and we'll get you enrolled thank you very much.
