Title: G6bWW-nKd-4.txt
Video Id: G6bWW-nKd-4
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6bWW-nKd-4

Okay. [Music] which for e e e right. Hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr.

David check in welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind. I'm excited it's been a whirlwind two months um and uh we're just going to hit the ground running today. So uh just. So.

I understand everybody and. I can make sure that. I give you the biggest bang for your bucks like to ask you guys a few questions do a administrative things before we jump into tonight's webinar. First one being uh by a show of hands in the chat how many of you are first- timers if you're a first- timer type in your name.

First time and where you're checking in from. So. I can. I can uh help to figure out what kind of content to give you guys because like most people know if.

I prepare for any kind of a training at all uh. I usually. I'll present or. I'll.

I'll uh. I'll prepare a week's worth of stuff for a one day class class 30 days worth of stuff for a 5day class. So. I want to know how to direct that information for you best and foremost if this is not your.

First time in. Planet. David and there's a lot of veterans that. I see and that's awesome right.

I love you all and. I'm glad you're here if you are not if you are veteran of. Planet. David type in your name how long you've been a student of the the information of the.

Technologies. So to speak uh and where you're checking in from and. Then while. I'm while.

I'm going through the administrative stuff actually let's just do let's just go ahead and start with the administrative stuff um because uh for a lot of you who are brand new um you might be used to a simple 90-minute webinar where uh you know they tease you about all the things that the person who uses their. CL their their product has done for the. Next you know for 60. Minutes of it and.

Then the. Next 30 minutes is uh pitching a pitching an offer there's always an offer connected to our webinars. But the the the focus of our webinar is always to bring you real world applicable hard-hitting content that you can take out into the field and start using right. Away.

So when we do a webinar it's usually runs anywhere between two and a half to three hours. So if you did not budget at least two and a half to three hours you're uh you might want to reconfigure your schedule or catch the replay. But if you re miss the replay you're going to miss any of the fast action bonuses that we usually offer. So let me outline a little bit about how to get the most out of tonight's webinar tonight's webinar is all about changing your brain it's all all about reprogramming your subconscious mind and overcoming the problems you're facing in your life today to do that my job is not to give you just just give you information my job is to guide you through a set of experiences those experiences if you take the time to actually participate in them will show you things about your own mind body and nervous system that will completely transform what you thought was possible for you okay.

So that being said a couple of things you're going to have questions. I get that and. I love questions. But again with a webinar we have a very strict schedule to follow we have very specific and very narrow band of content that we want to stick with.

So if you have a question by all means ask it that's right. Ask it. However something you got to understand if your question is going to take us in a direction that is not appropriate to the content of tonight's webinar. I will defer from answering that question if it's a question that can be answered in a very short succinct way it's in alignment with the the the stage of the webinar that we're at.

Then. I'm happy to answer that if for some reason. I still don't either see your question or. I don't answer your question there's two other ways that you can get those questions answered.

First one is are are. Planet. David veterans that's why. I had them identify themselves if my veterans out there if you see a question that.

I don't answer for whatever reason and uh you have direct experience using our. Technologies to solve that problem by all means please reach out to the the person asking the question in the least obtrusive and least distracting way possible and answer that question for them if by some chance that's still not enough and you want a a direct answer from me which happens. I've been on both ends of that particular uh desire from time to time where. I want.

I want an answer from a specific person not the peanut gallery. So to speak now. I'm not trying to demean or belittle anybody. But you know a lot of people when they come to an event or seminar they they're there for the person at the front of the room not for the people who are uh who may know the answers.

But are not the primary focus. So that being said um if you want an answer direct from me. Then they usually within about 45 minutes to an hour sometimes faster after this replay or after this this webinar closes there will be a replay available on our. YouTube channel there will probably be a replay available also through our website and maybe some of the social media channels.

But for sure on. YouTube what. I recommend you do is if you have a question that that you want to direct answer from me from go to the comment section of that video and type your question in. I make it a practice whenever.

I'm in the office and. I'm not traveling or doing all kinds of crazy stuff to go through the comments on that channel three four times a day sometimes more and. I'll answer any questions uh that people put to me with the best answer that. I can give if.

I know the answer. I'll tell you and. I'll point or. I'll point you to a video on our.

Channel or some other content that. I think is helpful or useful if. I don't know the answer. I'll be upfront and.

I'll tell you that. I found it tremendously liberating to be able to say to somebody with sincereness. I don't know there's a lot of things. I don't know.

But the more. I learn and the more. I learn the less. I know.

So that being said those are the three ways to get your questions answered you're going to need things to write with today you're gonna need things to write on and. I highly recommend you do you actually do the writing rather than typing okay. This came up at our. Last um our.

Last defense against the dark arts class when we were talking about the uh something called grapo therapy where there's something that. H that neurological that happens when you take the time to physically write out change work or affirmations or changing the uh the the the specific characteristics of handwriting can actually change your neurology if you do it the right. Way. So.

I want you to write whenever possible now again if all you got is a tablet or you know a keyboard and that's fine right. My intention on this. CL on this webinar by the way is to guide you through several sets of altered state practices. So if you're driving and.

I'm beginning to guide through an altered state please turn off the webinar or find a safe place to park turn off the car put it in drive not drive put it in park put on the parking brake um and and feel free to get out of the car where it's safe to do that and practice the exercises otherwise wait for the replay right. Your life's too important to to risk on a on something you you have another chance to review. So that being said let me finish with this. Last piece if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of uh your. Next three hours right. My intention is never to offend anyone.

But many of the things that we need to fix we don't even know is a problem until it's provoked and. So we we use a lot of techniques in our in our system that are designed to set off little bombs in in your n nervous system that let you know there's something there that needs to be addressed. So my intention when. I say something or.

I do something that provokes you in some way is never to offend you it's to help you become aware of things that you may not have realized were an issue that needed to be resolved right. And. I. I'll talk about some of that as we go through the content of tonight's webinar now our webinar is going to come to you in three parts part one is foundations it's all about the things you absolutely need to know and understand as well as several experiences.

I want to guide you through that set the foundation for what we're going to be doing in part three which is what we call the customization phase this is where we customize the content and applications of tonight's webinar to exactly what you want to focus on as a group part two is what we call. Next steps in leveling up it's how we take you from interesting information to. Lasting transformation in whatever uh aspect of life that you want we'll show you we're going to show you pieces of a system we'll show you how to get access to the the entire system. Then we're going to circle back in part three pick up where we left off in part one and continue teaching for another half hour 45 minutes an hour whatever it is that you guys want.

But it's based on what you guys actually want to learn more about. So it's my skill sets my my toolkit the thing you want to learn about the most okay. If you're if you're all good with um that just type. I'm good in the chat.

So. I know oh. I should also probably emphasize that um. I thrive on feedback because.

I'm deeply insecure. So the more interactive you are with this with this training the more the more you're going to get from it right. My job is never to just you know sell you some [ __ ] or whatever my job is to give you experiences and real world information you can take out into the world today and start putting to work. So that being said today's webinar is all about reprogramming your subconscious mind true secrets for personal uh transformation.

So we're gonna in this class we're going to talk about how about limiting beliefs we're going to talk about how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions how to program your mind for unlimited success health wealth and happiness um some of you may be asking okay. Especially if your. First timer uh who the heck is. Dr.

David. Snider and why should. I care. So to go through this.

I'm actually going to uh jump in really quick and and share a screen with you. I don't. I don't like what. PowerPoints.

But. I find that sometimes it's easier to kind of follow a structure. So just bear with me here all right. So what you see here is in fact.

I am in fact a doctor of acupuncture and orental medicine and if all things go well. I will be getting my. Second doctorate oops sorry there we go. I'll be getting my.

Second doctor in dialist uh uh in. Chinese energetic medicine which is all the medical. Chiang da. Yin shengong neong stuff that.

U. A lot of it was sanitized out of the original uh. Chinese medicine. So.

I'm very very proud of that and. God willing in the cck don't rise. I'll have a double doctorate by the end of of this month. I've also authored over 15 different products in various forms of human influence uh everything from conversational hypnosis the most powerful words in human language all the way up to how to create stories that are neurologically irresistible uh how to talk to people.

So they they heal rapidly in fact you can look. On the. YouTube channel and uh you can type up things like instant conversational pain relief and you'll see me actually arguing somebody out of pain uh in a way that it goes away and doesn't come back um. I've authored.

I've. I've covered courses on remote influence vibrational healing and influence um many forms of hypnosis and hypnotherapy. I'm a certified master trainer in neural linguistic programming uh. I've done many many forms of other types of influence and.

I'm constantly searching and creating more what you're seeing here is a a clip from our. Global gurus page in 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the.

Year by global gurus.com uh and all of which. I use everything. I've talked about. I've used in my.

Clinic in salana. Beach since since 2005 treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion 99% are better in my opinion of most chronic illness is rooted in repressed or or um denied emotion emotion that's locked in the body in some way and is manifesting itself either directly literally or metaphorically as some form of chronic illness. U we've had a a lot of great success using these. Technologies to help people this is a copy of our uh letter from.

Global gurus for. I think this is 2024 no. This is 2023. I think and it says it's a great pleasure to announce that your course killer influence has been chosen by your.

Global peers as the number one. NLP training program in the world. So this again was something that we didn't we didn't expect and we've been at the top of the. NLP training world for about the.

Last three or four years. I'm hoping 2004 will be another year for us there's a copy of our page um. I'm also a 10th degree black belt in a. SP called.

Ruku. Kempo. Karate. I have a fourth degree black belt in.

Shaolin. Kunal. Second degree black belt in kosho koru. First degree black belt in furu.

Jiu-Jitsu. I'm a certified instructor in combat. Systema. Cino.

Man arnes. I also have a basic instructor certification in modern arnes direct from the founder uh grand map. Remy prau and. I'm constantly researching this thing called.

Energy work. So. I've been a raiki master teacher since before raiki was cool uh. I've been a cabalist or.

I've been practicing cabala since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala. So. I'm very much a pradon.

I'm a certified. Advanced pronic healer and pronic psychotherapist. I'm certified in advanced. DNA fat healing and manifestation techniques.

I'm certified in the. Bankston energy healing system and as you see here. I'm working on my doctorate in medic. IAL chiong uh under the title of.

Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine uh and hopefully by the end of this month. I can take the candidate off my name and add more consonant to the back of my name. So that being said now when somebody looks at all these things uh it's very often comes up that um uh.

So what. David. I mean okay. You've done all these things and how what does that have to do with reprogramming your conscious mind well the one thing that it comes down to is patterns human beings everything we do whether it's martial arts whether it's disease whether it's healing whether it's influence and persuasion whether it's energy work all of those things pass through one.

Clearing. House and that's the human nervous system and. So in order for all that to manifest there have to be patterns and. States.

So everything that human beings do can be distilled down to a state of mind and body and a pattern that allows that particular phenomena to manifest and it really doesn't matter if you're it's about if you're learning to drive a car if you've got a fear of flying if you falling in love if you are uh want to influence somebody to buy your product or service to become a client whatever it is whether it's accelerated learning or getting over something that's holding you back everything human beings do is in response to a state in other words a feeling and a breathing pattern and that breathing pattern and that. State have a structure to them and if you can if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can identify that state you can identify that pattern and if you know what you're doing you can change it you can inject change at any point into the state or into the pattern and the rest of the system will follow along because it's that's just how it's built okay. So what does this have to do with reprogramming your subconscious mind as you can probably extrapolate pretty much everything okay.

Pretty much everything. So are you in the right. Place tonight if you can answer and and. I.

I want you to type yes. This is the interactive part of our webinar if you can type yes. To any of the following questions and you're in the right. Place how many of you have ever felt less than attractive and have fantasized about what it might be like to actually have.

Charisma and be confident and to walk into a room and just have all the heads turn in a positive way any of you guys want to do that how many of you have ever been afraid right. Or insecure or been in a situation that you shouldn't feel that way and all of a sudden you you have these old these familiar feelings in new environment right. If that's true for you type yes. In the chat if you'd like to protect yourself from being manipulated if people if for some reason you get around these people who constantly know how to push your buttons and put you into.

States and make you do things you don't want to do or actually cause you to say things you don't want to say or as is often the case to not do the things you know you need to do or not say the things you know you need to say if you answer yes. To either version of that question type yes. In the chat because this is about you tonight if you'd like to know how to have people people thinking and feeling and acting the way you want them to and naturally want to follow your lead if you'd like to learn how to get inside people's heads and. Inspire and motivate them starting with yourself you're in the right.

Place tonight type yes. In the chat okay. If. You' like to be able to get inside the heads of of job interviewers and make them love you in as little as 20 minutes this is a good place for you to be if you've ever s if you've ever fantasized or wondered how it could be possible to just move through the world and almost instantly put people in you know the this these are not the.

Jedi are these are not the uh the droids you're looking for kind of a thing if you've ever fantasized about what would be like to be able to actually do something like that stay tuned because. I'm going to show you some really interesting ideas that you might be able to apply okay. If you how many of you by a show of hands answered at least yes. Twice to what's in the chat if you answered yes.

More than twice type me in the chat go ahead and do that if you didn't this is probably not the best use of your time okay. Excellent all right. So here's the thing before we go any further. I need to get something out of the way.

I told you we have a three-part webinar and when. I prepare for a webinar. I prepare. I'll prepare five days of stuff for three hours of talk right.

It's true for this one too. So today you and me it's all about you. I'm going to take you as far as. I can down this.

Rabbit. Hole of personal transformation. I'm going to teach you as much as. I can in the time that we have and.

Then. I'm going to point you in the direction of where to go to level up is that a fair trade type. BS if you think that's a fair trade you're okay. With that good excellent all right.

So let me go back to my notes here because. I got them all over the place. So my my. First question is going to be this and this is again this is going to lead us into our.

First drill what is it that you most want to get from tonight's webinar obviously. I know you want to learn how to reprogram your subconscious mind. But my question for you is to do what what is it you want to get rid of what is it you want to put in what is it you want to make better and what's important to you about that. I want you to just take a moment think and here's the sacred go with your.

First impression right. Follow your emotion on this one because this is where everything starts okay. So. Jules wants to accept money into her life crystal says she wants to stop repeating patterns very good okay.

Build better habits okay. What else we got stop social anxiety okay. Get a job that. I love.

Donna is saying excellent all right. So. State change create a substantial consistent change okay. No.

Money okay. Now we're get somewhere oh they're starting to flow now very good okay. So here's what we're gonna do. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna we're gonna go right. Into our. First drill and. Then.

I'm going to circle back and. I'm going to go through some fundamental principles um because sometimes we can overthink things. So. I want you to get out a piece of paper and on the top of that paper.

I want you to write exactly the two questions. I asked you what do. I want to get from tonight. T's webinar and.

I want you to ask your question underneath that and the question that. I want you to answer is this and you can write the question too what's that going to do for me. So for example um. Peter said uh no.

More no. Money blocks okay. So assume for a moment that. Peter that you got that you you came out of this webinar on the other end of it with a process for no.

Money blocks what's important to you about that what's that going to do for you what's important about that answer those two questions in that order. So does money block. I don't and and the answers are going to be different for everybody. But the two questions you always want to be asking is what's that going to do for me and what's important about that all right.

We're going to drill on this this is called the emotional motivation checklist if you've ever had problems being motivated if you've ever had problems uh getting something done if you do this process with yourself is going to blow your procrastination right. Out of the water okay. If you ever had a situation where you started with a. New.

Year's resolution and two months into your. New. Year's resolution it's it's a nightmare this will help you get out of it. But we're going to use this to begin with to really tie in to this webinar to this this training with me now exactly what you most personally selfishly want as a byproduct of tonight's training okay.

And the reason we're doing that is is because as you link those emotions to the processes and the instructions. I'm giving you you become far more accelerated and. Amplified the energy that you bring up to move forward with that accelerates because you're focused on what it's going to give you not what you need to do to get there. So the.

First level of this process this is called the emotional motivation checklist and. I'll put a template up in a minute what's. I what am. I going to get from tonight's webinar what's that going to do for me what's important about that answer the question now answer the question as close to verbatim as you can whatever comes up.

First that's what. I want you to write and. I want you to notice that as that energy comes up there's a. PL there's a feeling that comes with it and note where in your body that feeling is you may even want to make a little notation.

Next to your answer where in the body the feel that feeling is okay. Okay. Michael says. I want to fix other people's [ __ ] and make them feel very good excellent okay.

Let's use that. So now let's say that we've uh. Michael's done his. First his.

First level right. So. I asked what do you want to get from tonight's webinar what's it going to do for you what's important about that. So.

I might ask him. I want to fix other people's [ __ ] and make them feel good okay. So let me ask you this. Michael if you could get that if you have the ability to fix other people's [ __ ] and make them feel very good.

I'm curious about something. I'm wondering what's that going to do for you what's important about that. So literally. I've taken the answer to his.

First set of questions and. I've asked the same questions and you're going to notice when you do that you get a separate you get a different answer. So. Michael saying.

I can build a community of happy people awesome and. Michael if you could if you could help people fix their [ __ ] right. And you were that allowed you and make them feel very good and that allowed you to build that community of happy people people if you could do that and you had that ultimately what's that going to do for you what's important about that and answer that question now ideally. I want you writing all of these okay.

I'm using. M. I started with umh who was it the. First one.

I. I started with um. I started with. Peter and.

Then. I'm. I'm working with. Michael now right.

So okay. So. So now he's answered the question people can enjoy themselves be together build a. Second family and what's important about that for you people can build enjoy themselves be together and build a.

Second family what's that going to do for you personally what's important about that and just type it in the chat. I don't. I don't need a long drawn out explanation. But notice the feelings that come up when you think about that and write that everyone feels loved.

I think that's as fundamental as it gets very good now. I'm gonna okay. All right. Some people are going crazy with this all right.

You're doing great. I love that you're putting stuff in the chat. But make sure because remember the chat goes away make sure you've written this stuff out personally. So let me show you what this looks like on paper okay.

Uh share screen where's my screen share oh there it is it's on a separate icon they keep changing the zoom interface okay. Ingredients where's this where is it at these are all the things we're going to talk about today okay. So if we go back and we review. I asked.

I asked. Michael and. I asked. Peter what do you want right.

What's that going to do for you and. I'm here's an example and. Mike said he he wanted or uh. Peter said he wanted no.

Money block. So here's a very similar question. Then the question is what's it going to do for you and what's important about getting it and we just took. These same questions and we just went right.

Down and we did it three or four times now if you followed those instructions by the time you got down to here to ultimately what's that going to do for you you should have some pretty interesting answers right. So how many of you did this exercise let me see if you want. I'll see if. I can make it small enough for you guys to get a screenshot.

I use one note because. I do a lot of drawing and it's hard for me to work on. PowerPoints. So.

So if you've gotten if you've gone through the entire exercise go ahead and type done in the chat okay. So. Michael says gentlemen mechanism going for is community building right. Now how many of you noticed by the time you were done with this exercise there was a significant emotional shift in you yes.

Or yes. Type yes. In the chat if you did that okay. Please take a screenshot of this and.

Then type done when you've got it okay. This is how we get started okay. Here's the. First rule and it's and it's a rule of influence uh and it's a rule of personal transformation everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of your emotional reasons for doing anything can be extracted and found using this process.

So for anything you can conceive of you can use this three question process drill down find the emotional needs or reasons why you want it tap into that motivation tap into that energy and take off like a rocket conversely if you understand how this works you can guide another person through this process and. Link whatever you have to offer to what they most want and need and they will do the 50 yard dash more often than not to do it for you and with you okay. So. I'm giving you this.

I usually wait much till much. Later to give you this. But it feel it felt right. To give this group this particular exercise.

First um was this help was this useful did this did this exper did what did you. I'm curious what did you experience about this yeah. W says yay lonus of gas say is very useful. Wendy says my posture is better yes.

Your posture and your and your breathing are innately connected to your emotions. So when your emotions shift your posture shifts and conversely when your posture shifts your emotion shifts most of us are not in bad are walking around in bad. States not because we're actually in a bad mood or there's something bad going on. But because we're in bad posture and breathing it's it's really kind of crazy how fundamental this is okay.

But um. I wanted to give you guys that experience because. I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure now.

I've got your undivided attention yes. As. P har. Becker would say was that yes.

Or yes. Very good. So let's talk about what else we're going to get tonight okay. I'm going to take you as far as.

I can in the time we have. I'll give you foundations and experiences and. I'll show you where to go. Next.

So the. First thing we want to talk about if you stay on till the end of the webinar tonight um uh let's see. I don't have that okay. Well.

I'll tell you what. I'm show you. I'm gonna. I'm gonna teach you how to hack the human nervous system.

I'm. GNA teach you how your nervous system creates and and maintains your own emotional stuff. I'm going to teach you the secrets for dialoguing with your own unconscious mind. So that anytime you need an answer for why you're feeling the way you're feeling or why you're doing what you're doing you'll know exactly how to talk to the part of you that controls all of that stuff and be able to get the answer you need and.

Then if you need to go in and fix it. I'll show you very fast very simple ways to go in and fix that. I'm going to teach you how to talk to your nervous system and understand its responses in a way that allows you to get the fastest re resolution to your problem in the shortest amount of time possible. I'm going to show you how your beliefs are constructed.

So you can begin to change those beliefs sometimes in seconds. I'm going to teach you how to eliminate procrastination self sabotage uh if you've ever dated the same person with a different face. I'm going to show you how that mechanism works. So you can stop doing that once and for all.

I'm going to teach you how to take this emotional bonding process this emotional motivation process and use it as a foundation for every single change process you're not you haven't been motivated to change um what else was on my to-do list tonight. I want to. I want to teach you how to remove blocks to success overcome limiting beliefs eliminate self- sabotage all using a a core set of techniques that all fit together like. Legos they're very modular.

So you can use them in a way that is profoundly uh easy and powerful and you can and the best part is is you can do them anytime anywhere under any circumstance for any reason. So my question for you is is that good enough for tonight is that is that fair is that is that if you came away with those things on top of the tools for doing or in addition to the tools that uh you came here for is that a fair trait all right. So let's talk about the fundamentals. First this is and we started with this everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of period here's the rub you have two kinds of feelings just like you have two kinds of beliefs and know they're not good feelings and bad feelings and know they're not um uh good beliefs and bad beliefs although that's true what actually is going on in the human nervous system is you have two sets of feelings feelings you know about and feelings you don't and that's the rub you see when you when your body when when your system encounters a situation or circumstance and a feeling is generated in your body it immediately does a systems check it goes back through all of the files now uh in our world we call it the psychosomatic search engine uh linguists and neurologists might call it the trans derivational search.

But basically what happens is below the threshold of conscious awareness you're in a situation or circumstance your body generates a feeling it's it's not it's not an emotion yet it's just a feeling and it starts looking through all of its files and its memories to situations and circumstances where that sensation was felt before and. Then it opens those files and looks at the label connected to that sensation and that's the file it presents to your conscious mind and now all of a sudden what what started as just a sensation in our body is now fear anxiety worry uh doubt mistrust anger rage jealousy. Envy why because of the memory label that your system has now one of the fastest ways to beat that is the moment you become aware of a feeling step back mentally from it and say oh. I've.

I've assigned this feels like fear what else could this be and the moment you ask your neurology that question it creates a break in the between the the label that your nervous systems applied to it and. The. Sensation and because you asked what else could this be your nervous system is highly motivated to give you multiple answers okay. So just being able to become aware of when your state shifts and asking a question can generate a completely different em we call it emotional vectors right.

A direction and a force of that emotion the moment we can disconnect the label from the feeling we gain control over the feeling okay. Are you guys with me with this okay. Well let's try this all right. So this would be the.

Second technique now again if you're driving don't do this right. If you're operating heavy equipment or heavy machinery don't do this okay. We're going to play the metaframe game or. The.

Meta. The. Meta spinning game. So we're going to combine.

I'm going to give you a hybrid technique you're not going to know which techniques. I'm combining. But this will be cool for you. So.

I want you to think of something on a on a crappiness scale of like one to three something you would like to change. I want you to think about that thing and notice where in your body you feel it point to where you feel it and. Then stop ask yourself qu a question what give give me give me a name for this feeling okay. So that when you've done that part type done in the chat excellent very good now.

I want you to just a. As. You observe. I want you to go back to that feeling.

I want you to observe it now and realize that the label you've attached to the feeling is just arbitrary. So as you look. At that feeling ask yourself the question what else could this be what other label could would fit here and notice what pops up. First as it pops up.

First as you think about it like that notice how the feeling starts to shift and change notice how it means something different to you when that process is complete and you realize it's true test it try to go back to the old feeling and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing type in the chat what just happened. Peter says ha pretty neat huh by the way this doesn't work on everybody. So don't feel bad if you didn't get a 100%. Peter says the feeling changed the butterflies left the gut fantastic.

Wendy now how fast was that how fast right. Now again think of understand this it took. Us hundreds of years of. Neuroscience to figure this [ __ ] out that we could do this in a few seconds.

So don't don't feel bad that it it was. So easy to change we it took. Us a while to figure it out right. And again if you want to read the science behind what just happened there's two books.

I recommend for this one is called uh how emotions are made by. DR ly. Lisa. Feldman.

Barrett and a. Second book. By the same author is called seven and a half lessons about the brain okay. How emotions are made seven and a half lessons about the brain okay.

We're going to do something even cooler now now now again for this requires you to be a little bit more um available to concentrate. But we're going to do we're going to do one more change process and. I'm going to give you some principles that we're using to make this work for you okay. Is that okay.

Can we do that okay. This is the inter here we go. Crystal's all smiles over here all right. Good.

So here's where going to do. I want you to think of something else you'd like to change or like to get rid of or whatever and again keep it small for now all right. Uh and. I'm going to.

I'm going to explain why in part three of the webinar we're going to teach you how to do these these processes on bigger and bigger and bigger things. But the thing. I want you to understand is that the way your nervous system has evolved your the. F your.

First impression is to go after the biggest most heinous stuff. First right. Immediacy and urgency are two of the primary drivers in the nervous system and that's fine if you're working one-on-one with me or one of my trained my trained. Associates or some other therapist who can help you guide and guide you through that process.

But if you're trying to do this work on yourself by yourself you have to change the way you approach it a lot of the processes are similar. But there's some different prep work that needs to be done. So that you have the greatest chance of success and that's my job today is to give you some easy simple fast effective techniques that you can start nuking stuff in your life that's getting in your way in seconds. So you have the bandwidth to move forward they're pieces from a much larger system called identity by.

Design uh and uh real world trauma resolution this is a system. I created many many years ago um where we systematically teach you how to remove all the negativity you didn't even know you had how to remove the uh the problems that just keep coming back how to change that voice inside your head that was always telling you all the crappy things about yourself into a voice that becomes your own personal cheerleader and. Then we teach you how to take those four and how to get any state you want on demand for absolute success we take those four pieces and we install it at at the genetic and the pre gentic level. So that it becomes a genetic template that your nervous system just applies to everything it encounters.

Then we teach you how to systematically remove all the negativity and the energy from your past memories. So and put them into your positive memories. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better and motivate you and inspire you to move forward.

Then we teach you how to take all the qualities characteristics of people and traits and talents of people you admire and install those like. Neo in. The. Matrix kind of through deep trans identification.

So that's the the big system that these techniques are drawn from now they're they're small part they're parts of bigger techniques. So we can eliminate pain we can eliminate probably just about any physical or emotional pain in in seconds doing some of the techniques that you're going to be learning tonight. But. I'm giving you little pieces.

So you can experience this right. Obviously. I can't give you every single thing in two even if. I wanted to in three hours it just isn't enough time.

So. I'm going to take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as.

I can speaking rather fast by the way uh and point you in the direction of how to level up and get access to everything is that fair are we doing well with this. So far you guys with me okay. So. Jules was asking what's an example of a small item crystal says.

I'm super excited okay. So let's think about um anything that um maybe uh something that one to three might be anything from somebody stepping on your toe while getting into the elevator maybe even pass breaking wind in the elevator uh getting cut off in traffic um all the way up to maybe a three and again this is completely my my world right. Um. But you guys can get the idea of the magnitude of this um maybe it's um maybe a level two or three might be something like um you ordered something at a restaurant and it wasn't what you wanted and they refused to either give you your money back or change the order something like that that that kind of level okay.

So. But it's not something like you know you just lost a loved one or you just lost a relationship or um you know anything super we can deal with those things because the nervous system pretty much processes the same way. But if. I'm not there able to oversee you.

I don't know how to modify what's going on. So it's easy to start these techniques with things that have a less amplitude to them and. Then build up to them which is called bucket listing by the way now. I'm.

I wasn't born. I was born at night well. I wasn't actually. But the saying goes.

I was born at night. But not. Last night don't think for a minute that. I don't realize that you're.

GNA you're going to find the biggest harriest. Godzilla mofo in your life and throw this technique at it. I already know you're going to do that that. But.

I'm telling you up front don't even though. I know you're going to do it okay. Um. So.

Anyway. So here's another technique um actually let me do this technique after what. I'm about to share with you. So one of the things that we need to understand about our nervous system is that there are six.

Dynamics sorry six. Dynamics to an unconscious response there are six characteristics that when you're autonomic nervous system the part of you that controls your heartbeat your long-term memory your hormones your respiration right. When you dialogue with part of that there are six characteristics that let you know if the answers coming from the autonomic nervous system as opposed to the neocortex because you guys all know you have three brains right. You have the the the the.

Paleo cortex which is the reptile brain the brain stem right. Over that you have a layer called the lyic system which is your dog or emotional brain and over that you have what we call the neocortex which is literally the new layer it's the youngest part of the nervous system it's also the part that uses words and language um to communicate it also the one that creates rationals for why your [ __ ] isn't working or whatever the problem is is that it because it's the newest layer and we we kind of perceive the world at least consciously through that that filter of that neocortex we tend to put its way of communicating and try to. Overlay it onto every other form of communication that comes up from our deep nervous system. So.

I'm going to give you something that. I teach all of my students this is the one of the most important things. I can teach you to yeah as much as you like the uh what else could this be or the emotional bonding checklist this is actually even more important because it lets you get to those other things in a way that you can trust the information that you're getting and that's the big one you see in our culture we're taught to vilify the unconscious mind it's changing now it's it's ch in the past probably 10 years it's changed a lot. But many of us are still inundated with scientific this and logical that and.

Mathematics that and. So forth. But the truth is is we're not rational logical beings we're irrational animals who learn to think and speak and. So many times um we're taught not to trust that animal side of us.

But it was what got us here it's what allowed us to survive every a lot because a lot of especially thanks to guys like. Freud and other people a lot of people believe that everything that's bad about you is in your is in your unconscious mind and by default they think everything that's good about you is in your conscious mind nothing could be further from the truth everything that's not great. About. You by definition is in your subconscious mind.

But everything that's great about you that's awesome about you that makes you an amazing human being it's also in your unconscious mind right. So we need to learn to trust that unconscious we need to learn to work with it and understand its mode of communication. So that we can create dialogues between the different parts of our s and have every piece understand what's going on when. I when.

I dealt with clients and. I've dealt with every form of chronic illness and. U that. I can imagine as well as most forms as pretty much any form of trauma uh that's imaginable one of the things.

I see over and over and over again is people aren't aren't the way they are because of the things that happened to them they're not even they're largely the way there because they recorded the things that happened to them. But mostly that misunderstanding comes from applying a different the wrong filters to the information in other words not knowing how to get to the level where that stuff's being stored in the. First place. I know.

I'm kind of talking really fast and and. I'm uh. I'm giving you some information that's not immediately. AC.

But. I want to set the frame for you guys. I want you guys to understand that the biggest piece to changing our subconscious and reprogramming it is understanding its. Dynamics understanding how it communicates versus how the the central nervous system and the the the needo cortex communicates and once we can start to do that now we can start to mine it for information that we need to make rapid deep linear changes okay.

So we need to understand these going in. So. I'm gonna go ahead and. U shift to my one note again might have to six.

Dynamics um hold on a. Second. I shouldn't have closed my one note earlier uh dialoging all right. That's not working let's try this one six.

Dynamics it's not working. I mean. I don't want to do these by memory. I want to give you a graphic to look.

At. But apparently my one note is not behaving which happens from time to time uh there we go it was actually right. Where. I left it how about that all right.

So take a screenshot of this this is going to be super important remember this anytime we're going to do work together your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally. So the. First thing that pops up that's what you go with two it always answers honestly in other words when you ask your unconscious mind what the problem is or where it thinks the problem is it's going to give you an honest answer might always it might not always be factually correct.

But it is what your unconscious mind has perceived to be the truth and that's what it's operating from your unconscious mind does not give a wit about what's factually true it cares about what it perceives to be true because every decision it makes and every action it takes is based on that perception okay. Now it's aware of a lot more stuff than you are consciously and we need to understand that it's not omniscent by any stretch the imagination and it's certainly not. B unbiased. But it makes the majority of decisions that guide that that drive your bus okay.

So. I want you guys to understand always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up this is this is because the part of you that controls your long-term. Memories the part of you that controls your emotions the part of that controls your heartbeat your blood pressure your hormone balance your neurotransmitters is also the part that makes things up and that's why it feels made up right.

You'll always have an urge to edit what just came up if at any point during any of the exercise. I've given you. So far. I asked you to do something and follow the.

First thing that came up and the. Next words your mind you heard in your mind or felt in your body was that's not right. That can't be it you just experience what. I'm talking about okay.

The neocortex that new layer of the brain is always trying to edit or imp impose a narrative on the information that. Wells up from the subconscious mind based on the feelings you've access. So you need to understand that the moment you try to edit something it's probably the right. Thing the thing that the unedited part is probably the most correct it doesn't it's never going to be linear which brings us to our.

Next two pieces the information you're getting will never be loud it'll almost always be quiet or off in the distance like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind and'll never almost never be linear. So you may come to me you know if you were coming to me clinically for example and by the way if you got a screenshot type done in the chat okay. All right. So.

I'm gonna go ahead and jump out of this perfect we'll come back to this one in a minute. But. I want to. I want to see you face to face.

I used to get. I got this all the time when. I was when. I was doing when.

I was treating patients people would come in and they say look. Uh. I'm 35 years old. I got divorced three years ago and uh.

I'm still not over it. I. I. I can't get back into the dating game.

I still have a lot of anger and a lot of resentment towards my my my ex-spouse and. I just. I just need to to get done with this right. It's you know.

I can't live the. Next three years like this. I say great. I put him in a chair.

I talk to their unconscious mind. I say go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of the problem you're here to see about today the feeling you're having in your body today and all a sudden they're five years old watching their parents argue okay. And they're like what that's that has nothing to do with me has everything to do with you all of the things that are bugging you right.

Now believe whether you choose to believe me or not. I don't really care this is how it plays out. N. I would say better than 90% of the things that are bothering you right.

Now started between the ages of. Z to five now what's interesting is someone comes in you for a divorce that happened in their 30s you go back clear up the [ __ ] that happened when they were 0 to five the stuff from their 30s starts to go away right. Like because you pulled the root of the weed out rather than just taking the top off right. And this is what we need to understand the part of you that monitors all that information is your unconscious mind and it doesn't do it in a linear way.

So when it answers you it will answer what it perceives to be true based on the most direct answer to your question always answers. First it it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear you guys with me. Melissa says pain and held in back yeah it doesn't and here's the thing it doesn't matter it doesn't matter if it's an emotional pain or physical pain again this is 20 almost 20 years of clinical experience almost no. Case of pain.

I dealt with didn't have emotion into it and when you dealt with the emotion the pain went away pain make or emotion makes everything worse okay. Now whether now. L you start to believe that emotions are the enemy emotions are not the enemy they're tool they're medium by which your system creates and imprints experiences okay. Um and again meliss is talking manifested as a damaged disc yes.

Many times it can right. The interesting thing about. I'm talking about. Burns.

I'm talking about broken limbs you go in and you clear the emotional charge from those things the. Lion. Share of the discomfort diminishes right. Okay.

Well it's interesting. Melissa is asking about. Law of. Attraction here's something that most people don't want to under don't want to hear because a lot of people want to manifest good [ __ ] right.

Or they want to be better manifestors anybody here want to be a better manifestor anybody all of my clients were fantastic manifestors every single one you know how. I know they wound up in my chair they were just manifesting the wrong [ __ ] the ability to manifest is a natural human faculty the problem is the direction we're pointing in it the things we're focusing on those people manifested things because of what they were not willing to express what they were not willing to accept and transform and. So they kept denying it and distracting themselves and repeating and and and trying to do anything. But run into it and pull it out until they couldn't run away anymore.

So my question for you is what are the things that make you want to run away what are the things that you don't want to look. At what are the things you don't want to deal with those are the things that are causing all the other problems right. I tell all my students that the the people who come to. Planet.

David are actually a little. Cut. Above the average human why is that because they feel the drive to self-actualized they feel the drive to become more of what they're capable of being and. So they develop this ability this understanding that you need to run as aggressively and enthusiastically towards things that make you want to run away as you do towards the things that make you that give you pleasure see any animal can run towards pleasure and away from.

Pain any every animal on the planet does that. But it takes a conscious being and un an aware being to choose to run towards the things that every part of them is telling them to deny repress avoid because they know on the other side of it the act of going through that process is the ke is the fast track to. Liberation okay. That's not that's not always the most popular message when.

I talk to people. But that's what it's about. So that being said. I have time uh before we go into part two of the webinar to give you one more technique and what.

I'm going to do is um and part three of the webinar we're going to circle back and we're going to focus on the specific application that you guys want to work on is that okay. Is that is that fair okay. So here's what we're going to do now for this. I am going to have to.

I'm gonna need you to close your eyes. All right. But. I want you again do not do this do not do not do this if you're operating a car driving or operating.

Machinery if you're doing anything that requires any level of full and undivided attention even if even if it requires a piece of your attention don't do this okay. Now as. I guide you through this process. I do not want you typing any responses in the chat until.

I tell you to do. So stay in the process you guys with me type it in the chat see how well you follow instructions cool okay. Good all right. So here we go all right.

I want you to think of something well actually let's just do this um close. I want you to go ahead and stand up if you can now before you close your eyes. I want to. I want to.

I want to visually represent what's happening here. I want you to feel yourself inside your body become aware of being in your body okay. Become aware of being in your body notice how it feels to be in your body what's the sensations in your hands like what's the sensations in your feet like what's the sensations in your abdomen like become aware be present fully in your body and now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to imagine and you can close your eyes. For this if you want or you can watch the. First example and. Then do it once you imagine you could step outside of your body and look.

At yourself okay. Now allow your physical eyes. To close and now imagine as you're standing there looking at yourself imagine you could step out of that version of yourself and look. At yourself looking at your physical body take a few.

Mo few moments to just experience what that's like notice how that how the sensations shift and change as you step out of your physical body into that other body and. Then step out of that body and look. At that body looking at your physical body and. Then what.

I want you to do is. I want you to imagine that you could step out of that body and look. At yourself looking at yourself looking at yourself looking at your physical body. I want you to notice each with each layer like an onion that you step out the amount of sensation you're feeling from your physical body begins to shift and change until.

Finally it goes away. I want you to keep stepping out until there's no. Feeling or as close to zero as you can get when you've done that. I want you to observe that physical body from that.

Last body you're in right. Now and see everything that it needs become aware of everything that needs to be dissolved and and melted away and if you could imagine a big syringe or a dropper or rain or a ladle pouring in everything that that physical body needs as as you fill that physical body what color is it what are the attributes of it as it fills you up to exactly what you need what would you need to remove would you reach in with a little claw little little syringe and suck out what needs to be removed and just pour in or sprinkle in or dribble in whatever needs to go into that physical body and extract whatever should be gone throw that into a fire throw it off into the sun whatever you want when you've done that process when you've done that process all. I want you to do is step in to each of those bodies in the order and sequence that you steep out until. Finally you're looking at that.

First one part of you that stepped out you're looking at your physical body and when you're ready step into that physical form and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as all those things you added and subtracted activate and you see the world through new eyes. Hear the world through new ear smell and taste feel the world through a mind body and soul completely integrated balanced and harmonized in all the ways that are most important to you that have that you've decided make all the difference for you when you're completely back into your physical body and all those things have been engaged test it try to turn it off and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat what you experienced minus says clear and grounded at the same time. Sam lovely says spike in good emotion. Julie says yes.

Karen says feel empowered subtle yet noticeable shift interesting and balanced nice much relief and caring less about what angered me body's warm how about that that's called. Shen that's called shengong or spiritual skill. NLP would call it meating or meta framing juules says confident more caring about what. I think about me perfect.

Eddie says feel very isn't that interesting uh. Braum says uh feel a rush of energy a little bit dizzy yeah you might want to ground a little bit more br just to make sure that body feels stronger and. Tighter very good not as angry is this useful affiliate marketing with. Williams says felt like.

I have a new body especially my head area feels like a new head across excellent great [ __ ] yes. All right. I've just given you a bump key to a lot of powerful change work obviously. I can't tell you all the ins and outs and all the things that happen and why it works.

But. First me was judging. Second me was curious. Third me was impatient fourth me was waiting for fun there you go excellent.

Perfect all right. So. I promise you guys that. I would take you as far as.

I could in the time we have and. I'd point you in the direction of where to go to level your skills up and get access to everything are you guys ready for that step yes. Perfect all right. So without further.

Ado me shift shift gears here and with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about a program set of programs. I put together just for you guys today and this is the uh secrets of. Personality transformation.

Ultra mind control training for. Success home study course now everything. I've taught you with the exception of the. Last technique is basic training for most of this program this is going to take you from.

Zero to. Hero it's going to teach you step by step how to quickly help yourself to become more attractive to money more attractive to other humans to remove the blocks to your success and become more financially socially and uh free in terms of your lifestyle we're going to teach you how to remove the blocks to your life that you didn't even know you had how to become more confident how to help more people. I know that was a big deal for a lot of you right. I want to show you how to do that in the most powerful and direct way imaginable we're going to teach you how to move through the world automatically being more confident and help other people become more confident and become more powerful in every aspect of your life right.

So in in a byproduct of this training you're going to become more. Charming charismatic irresistible you're going to become the kind of person you've always wanted to be and stop being the person that everybody who raised you uh has a an interest in in in keeping you stuck is trying to convince you to stay right. We're going to give you the chance to be the person you want to be instead of the person the world programmed you to be right. So we put this together uh this offer is good primarily for firsttime buyers um and it expires as of 11:59 p.m. tonight.

August 12th um you want to stay on to the end of the webinar because we are going to have a whole lot more interesting experiences together. So. First and foremost this is what you're going to start with as a byproduct of this training you're going to get 14 videos the seven step identity by. Design program that.

I outlined earlier controlling uh removing the negativity that you didn't know you have how to remove the unconscious safety rules in other words if something goes away and comes back goes away and comes back you keep dating a same person with a different face you start a job you start a job and lose it start a job and lose it start a job and lose it we're going to show you how those rules have been installed in you. So you can begin to extract them remove them modify them. So you can move forward in life the way that you want to we're going to teach you how to systematically remove the negative voices in your head that are holding you back if you're wondering what voice. I'm talking about it's the voice in your head that just said what voice right.

And have it turn from your turn and turn it from your harshest critic into your biggest raving fan and protector and guide and. Mentor it's one of the most moving experiences that. I've ever uh experienced and the vast majority of people who've been through identity by. Design will tell you that there there is usually not a dry eye in the house when we do this it is completely lifechanging just that one drill.

I'm going to teach you how to install four pillars of personal power and success there are four default driver states that we have discovered that allow people to move forward and stay in a positive mindset that is. Victory playfulness curiosity and relentlessness and we're going to teach you how to install these as think of it like presets like if. I need to be in a certain. State.

I. I click a button and boom the state's automatic now that's called an anchor in. NLP or a posted ontic suggestion hypnosis. But what if we could install this in you in such a way that it was actually just your default it was actually just how you move through the world naturally and anytime you needed a little spiritual boost you just said your magic word rubbed your magic jewelry and boom all of a sudden you get a super dose of that state instant and on commands what if we could sanitize all the negativity from your past all the traumas all the crap that you've been fed all the limbing beliefs drain the energy out of those break up those memories have them blow away like.

Dust in the. Wind take that energy and inject it into all of your most powerful positive and empowering memories. So that not only when you look. Back on the past you remembered in ways that only make your life better the force and the magnitude of those of those memories comes.

BL barreling through your life and energizes your system that's what we're going to show you how to do okay. What if we could teach you how to. Bor uh borrow and install the genius skills and ability of people who you admire people who you aspire to be more like teach you through a process of deep trans identification how to imprint those skills and qualities and attitudes and beliefs into your life and into your body. So that they take root like a like a tree taking root and you can actually embody those skills and perform them as close to or or or gain that level of skill faster than just trying to learn it from a video or a book.

Or whatever you've ever read the a book. Called the alter ego effect or the um the. ROV effect um this is similar to those ideas. But we we're a little bit more direct with it if you've ever seen my video.

Captain. Jack the hypnotist um you see me actually doing deep trance identification while. I'm guiding somebody through deep trance identification it's pretty cool uh. I've used this myself personally on many occasions and it just works okay.

And we're going to take uh teach you how to do instant and. Rapid inductions we're going to teach you how to uh evaluate people we're going to teach you how to create affirmations that have a highest probability of sticking how to eliminate pain fear and suffering in minutes and much much more comes with a very big manual uh and an online community where you can you can hang out and talk to people about these things total value on this is $2,497 obviously. But obviously we're not going to just uh bag it it's fully worth it at twice the price. But we're going to go further we're going to give you some b a bunch of extra bonuses that.

I think really make this um a slam dunk for you. I think it'll really supercharge your life and. I know for a fact that if you apply these skills to yourself you can't you'll never go back to being the same way again everything in your life will shift for weeks we're also going to include these special bonuses the moment you click the link and reserve your space for the reprogram your subconscious mind secrets of ultr mind control training techniques. First is going to be our identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course now this takes the personality transformation technology that we've just shared with you in the previous slide and it gives you a bunch more tools and uh skill sets for monetizing this particular set. So this will allow you to go out and actually do this process that you learn in personality transformation with other people it's part of your coaching practice part of your healing practice if you're a hypnotherapist the techniques um in this course are absolutely. Unstoppable. I'm.

GNA let you in on a fun factoid the swim teams in the. Olympics use this course one of the the the hypnotist for the hypnotherapist for the. US. Olympic team.

Joanie na is actually one of my students and she uses a ton of these techniques with those athletes she's been using them now for almost 12 years okay. So it's it's again. I don't normally say that. But it's the truth that's the level of power that these skill sets have okay.

And once again we're gonna we're gonna teach you. I gotta. I can't read my own my own slide here. So.

I got to read these for you we're going to teach you systematically how to resolve the the limiting the negativity that people don't even know they have we're going to teach you how to remove all the the recurring problems in their life in other words they uh maybe they have a back pain they go to the chiropractor by the time they get home the pain is back right. Maybe um there's an emotional reason why we'll teach you how to go in using a special technique in fact we're going to probably uh revisit that technique a little bit in part three of today's webinar we'll show you how to remove the safety lessons that are keeping things locked in place locked in the body um and tell you how to get rid of them once and for all we're going to teach you how to clear up issues that people just that just don't seem to go away how to resolve negativity from your past how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly like and admire we're going to teach you uh aspects of conversational hypnosis how to evaluate a client and convert them from a prospect to a to a paying client in as little as 30 minutes uh with about a 90% uh conversion rate it's it's something that's just works for our people big time we're going to teach you about instant and. Rapid hypnotic inductions what to do when things go wrong when you're working with a client all of a sudden you know you're you're looking for. Bambi and all of a sudden.

Godzilla comes out and you don't know how to deal with that emotional state or how to put that. Genie back in the bottle it's a fear that a lot of hypnotherapists have because their training doesn't cover it. Beyond telling them to say and the scene. Fades and you tend to your breathing if that was the sum total of how to deal with.

Hyper volatile emotional states. Then you need this course more than anyone because it's not a question of when those things happen it's a question or it's not a question of if those things happen it's a question of when. So this course is probably one of the best courses for preparing you in terms of inner game outer game a full spectrum of techniques that will completely transform your clients like nothing you've ever seen in the shortest amount of time possible it's a $1,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to get the biggest benefit from this yes. I know a lot of you are here to fix your own stuff.

But a lot of you are also therapists you're coaches you're healers you have a desire to help people and. I promise you this is the most powerful skill set you will ever use in your in your practice this is one of the reasons why we're giving it to you because you can build your business and help more people with this got to help yourself. First that's why we talk about personality transformation. But at the end of the day you want to reach more people this is how you do it.

So total combined value between the personality transformation program and the identity by. Design program is uh $2,994. But we're not done yet a lot of you are big into manifestation usually uh you know. I would call people who are uh people who are into manifestation are what.

I call reprogram your subconscious mind adjacent and uh and. So in this course we're going to show you how to take the identity by. Design techniques and that. Silo and how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to manifest things that you want in the shortest amount of time possible how to find and remove.

Blocks. Your manifestation health wealth and success and happiness uh programs that you didn't even know you had how to become a money magnet we're going to talk about. I think in this. I think in this one um we also include like the.

LI the core limiting beliefs that most people have uh regarding money and how to deal with those uh how to influence people remotely this is again um a little bit more gray hat area. But it's something that if you studied a silver mind control course or something like that that you could learn how to do it as well we're going to teach you how to do this in a positive ethical way um that keeps you on the side of the angels all right. Uh we're going to teach you one of the most powerful ways to give yourself suggestions uh and affirmations ever a way that's completely in alignment with how your nervous system wants to be communicated with and when you do this properly it can actually allow you to circumvent all the negative beliefs you would have to get rid of in order to manifest the things you want it's literally one of the most powerful techniques. I've ever come up.

I've ever experienced and. I'm not just saying that because. I came up with it. U because.

I didn't come up with it directly. I was inspired by it by watching a couple other people doing some stuff and said well what if we did it this way and. I tried it and all of a sudden holy [ __ ]. Batman like it was somebody turned on the the nitrous to my nervous system when.

I started teaching this uh to the general public it generated. So much power. So much amplitude and. So much manifestation.

Mojo um that we just could not use it um. So this is another thing that you're going to learn uh we're going to teach you how to attract the things you want and change what you deserve. So we'll teach you how to manifest things you want and and even if you don't think you deserve it that's what's kind of cool right. There's actually a way to do that we're going to teach you to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people who are naturally lucky and we all met them we've met people that if uh if they stepped in a pile of poop on the street when they went to clean their shoe off they'd find a diamond ring in the poop right.

We've met met people that if uh if if a plane were flying overhead carrying a safe filled with you like $20 million and that cargo bay opened and the safe fell out and it opened on the way down the money would fall in their sunroof and uh the safe would fall on mine or somebody else's car right. We've all met people like that who can turn lemons into lemonade at the drop of a hat that turn setbacks or stumbling blocks into. Stepping. Stones turns out that there's actually a set of psych emotional psychological attributes and characteristics that these people have in a certain proportion in abundance that causes them to move through the world magnetized and sensitized to.

Lucky events and if you know what those are and you have the right. Technology identity by. Design you can install and amplify those traits in yourself and that's what we're going to do with this program we're going to give you the traits we're going to give you the methodology for installing it and we're going to walk you through it uh either through the personality transformation program the idti by. Design program you will become an expert in how to do this okay.

Um and. Then of course we'll just. I'll teach you probably the most powerful manifestation technique and. I know a lot of them that guys the most powerful manifestation technique on the planet and you'll actually if you follow along with the videos you'll actually change the material substance of water as a byproduct of the training okay.

It is. I've used it to manifest patently impossible things uh and it just took. A little longer than the hard stuff okay. So we're going to give you this for free it's a $1,497 value total combined value here is $5,499.

So think about what we're giving you think about what you were able to do in just a few minutes of guidance at the in part one of this webinar what will you be able to do when you've got hours and hours and hours of guidance and instruction by me on these techniques and. So much more what you can what are you g to be capable of think about that imagine it for a moment before you click that link right. Next thing we're going to talk about and people might ask well. David if this is about how to reprogram your subconscious mind why the heck are you giving me a course on conversation hypnosis it's real simple because you've got to have outer game to match your inner game.

So let me explain this what we've taught you to do with the. First two or three programs is how to control and influence your subconscious mind how to change your belief system how to change your reality how to change how you communicate with all those different divisions. But here's the thing you have to be able to communicate with the nervous systems outside of yourself as well. So when.

I was putting this program together. I was asking okay. I've got them pretty much handled on the ingame side the reprogramming their subconscious mind how do. I make them.

Unstoppable well you've got to teach people the ultimate survival skill influence and persuasion now this is the most ethical powerful and hon honest way to deal with people ever and if you just adopt the principles here people will love you everywhere you go because you're going to move through the world making them feel ridiculously good and they will just want to do stuff for you it will teach you how to bond the things people most emotionally want and need to the things you want them to do in such a way that they be absolutely compelled for their own selfish region to do now if you're wondering what. I'm talking about remember the very. First exercise that. I ran you guys through at the beginning of this webinar what do you want to get as a byproduct of tonight's training what's that going to do for you what's important about that what.

I did with you is exactly what. I'm teaching you how to do in. Greater more powerful detail here. So that you can create that level desire and drive to do what you want them to do in anyone you meet okay.

We'll teach you how to hypnotize in in normal conversations anyone anytime anywhere how to emotionally connect and bond with everyone you meet. So that they just love you and feel connected and trust you we're going to teach you how to control your emotions and use them as influence tools. But not only that we're going to teach you how to become. UNF flappable how to control your emotions to such a degree that nobody can push your buttons or break your state for very long ever again okay.

It's probably one of the most important psychoemotional survival skills we have there it's also one of our most powerful influence tools we're going to teach you step by step how to do this. I want to teach you the seven most powerful language patterns that exist why they're. So powerful and how you can start using them right. Away to direct people's po focus of attention make anything you want cause anything you want in their world make anything you want mean anything you want in their world and of course to to generate mental imagery in the minds of your listeners and subjects.

So powerful. So compelling that they just nod their head yes. And do what you ask them to do okay. All in an ethical honest um non-manipulative deceptive or coercive what it's completely ethical honest and you go to bed feeling good about yourself knowing that you gave people one of the best experiences ever obviously we're going to teach you how to do deeper levels of emotional bonding and how to weave that into powerful compelling narratives that people just become lost in and this is this works for any form of communication.

So it can work in texts chats emails zooms public speaking one-on-one speaking any place language is involved this is a game. Cher for you this will give you the ability to walk into any job interview performance review and just nail it every single time. I did a training just. Last weekend.

I had a recruiter in there he he he watch watch this happen and and. I had two other business owners in and they're like oh my. God this is a true. Game.

Changer. So if you're stuck in a job you hate and you want ways to have more options would now be a good time when the link comes available to reserve your spot and get this. But we're not done yet what if you. So the total value on this by the way is $1,950 we're going to give this to you absolutely free okay.

Why because we want you to have everything you need okay. Each of these trainings in and of itself are completely life-changing when you stack them together in the way that we're packaging this for you you are going to become. Unstoppable think about everything that you talked about at the beginning of this webinar and 10 xit and believe me when. I say if you apply this the way we're teaching you.

I am understating what's possible for you now remember. I'm good at what. I do these courses are amazing. But.

I can't multiply zeros if you don't get off your butt and actually do something with the course which implies that you're going to actually get the course right. I can't help you. But. I will be in your corner the whole time as you're going through this process step by step by step if you have a question if you have a sticking point all you got to do is pick up the phone you'll either talk to me you'll talk to.

Moss you'll talk to. Mia or uh if if if you know and we'll walk you through whatever stumbling points that you have okay. We want you to win right. We want you to win total combined value and this a seven ,4 $ 7,441.

Last. But not least this is something that. I think is very relevant uh because things happen right. How many people want to change limiting beliefs if you if you want to change limiting beliefs type in the chat right.

If you want to overcome objections or win arguments if you're tired of being manipulated and picked on type that's for me in the chat okay. Then this is the course you want this is the. Capstone this is the one that is your get out of free card anytime anything else goes south you whip this out things are going to change this is called. Renegade reframing this is how to rapidly change any belief and overcome any objection in minutes actually.

I'm. I'm actually lying it's actually seconds. But we'll say minutes just to be truth and advertising kind of. So people get all in an up.

So think about this for a moment what if for every conceivable limiting belief that you have for every single excuse somebody might give you for not doing what you want them to do what if for every single objection or argument you found yourself in anytime you wanted to you had at least 14 different ways to solve that problem what would that do for your life if anytime somebody spew a limiting belief at you or an objection you could you have 14 ways to overcome it in seconds what would that that do how many times would you get from no. To yes. Right. What if for every liming belief you you were aware of you had 14 ways to change it instantly because that is what this course will do this course is based on a series of of patterns from the.

NLP. World known as flight of mouth uh many years ago a researcher by the name of. Robert dilt observed. Richard man.

Richard bandler verbally sparring with his master train. Master practitioners and and practitioner level trainees and they would try to metamodel him and get him to change his beliefs or or step out of his uh delusion. So to speak that he was role playing and he would expertly over and over and over again use these 14 frames to beat them into the dust now now. Robert's very very intelligent guy very talented guy and he took.

These patterns and he created a series of of books called slide of mouth unfortunately or depending how you look. At it fortunately for me um the way that. Richard is or. Robert is very very intelligent uh the guy is the guy.

I just reading this stuff makes me feel stupid right. The stuff is for many years that stuff was largely impenetrable most people couldn't figure out how to make it work um. Then guys like. Doug.

O'Brien uh harling kilstein put out a course as well um and eventually. I. I got a hold of this material and. I looked at and.

I was like how do we make this fun how do we we make this easy how do we make this absolutely bulletproof and. I sat down and it took. Me three or four trainings to figure it out and. I.

Finally came up with the idea some ideas and. So. I created this program called. Renegade reframing uh and it's the 14 core patterns of the slide of.

Mouth from. NLP taught in a very fun gamey way there's even a card game in the manual that you can print out and use to drill yourself on these patterns and have a lot of fun there's templates there's examples um that you can fill in the blanks and and really internalize this material and once you have it there is no. Objection there is no. Belief.

Michael. Rose are these my language patterns they're my approach to the slight of mouth patterns. Michael. So um it's my version of an older uh more harder to use technology uh.

I love it it's it's one of the most fun classes to teach uh because you get into these sparring matches with people and it just escalates and you just keep reframing the reframe and reframing the reframe. So when. I say language patterns are these the things. I'm talking about these are a type of language pattern.

But the each of the courses that you'll be exposed that you'll each of the courses you'll be going through will have a different set of language patterns for specific applications if you're talking about the the hard like the 21 most powerful words in the uh human language video those would be the ones we teach in. CP stealth. CPI these are. Advanced language patterns you use when everything else doesn't work right.

You know you you youve forgotten to elicit somebody's values or um you're doing a features and benefits presentation and all of a sudden they hit you with a money objection you can use for any any of these 14 patterns to overcome that objection and get them to say yes. Right. Um if you have let's say that you want to go an audition for a show. But you've got all these beliefs that say you're not good enough that people will laugh at you you write those down you start hitting the you start reframing that belief with these patterns in writing and you can't go back to the old belief anymore.

So these are super um these are these are what we would call the the the save your ass um patterns right. Because. But it really you only need them if something goes really wonky if you just follow the stealth. CPI diagram you get your your outcome 99% of the time.

But every now and. Then something weird is going to happen you're going to forget a step you're going to miss something in their values of their criteria and. Then you whip this out and it gets you back to back to winning. So $1,950 value please pardon the jet flying overhead they're flying in from everywhere to get this thing $1,950 value we're g to give this to your free why because we want you to be ready talked about how to change limiting yeah.

I'm in. Delmar. Michael we talked about all these limiting beliefs we talked about all these different ways to approach beliefs we gave you three or four techniques right. Up front right.

At the beginning of this webinar there's a whole system here and. Then there's a system behind the system this is how you get everything this is how you get everything you want in life and you just keep getting better right. Overcome any objection win any argument change any belief in minutes even your own total combined value on this is $939 if you register before the end of the webinar okay. So let's just review what we've got really quick you're going to get 14 videos plus the manual teaching you the entire seven stage identity by design process designed to help you change yourself $2,497 value you're going to get the real world hypnosis identity by.

Design hypnotherapy certification home study course $1,497 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind magic and manifestation. Master.

Class 1,4 $97 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the stealth. CPI level one universal persuasion protocol this is an absolute game. Cher okay. Some of the biggest names in the persuasion and influence world have studied this material okay.

When. I went to the. NLP certifications back in 2012 their trainers were taking notes from me because. I was using this.

So that's. First the. First time. I've ever told anybody that outside of my private trainings.

But it is true 109 950 value we're going to give this to you free and. Then of course the cherry on the. Sunday had overcome any objection or change any belief in normal conversation in minutes. Renegade reframing it's a $1,950 value we're going to give it to you% free if you click if you're one of the.

Next people to click that link the total value on this is 9,391 now obviously we're not going to charge you $939 although it's actually worth more than that. But what. I. I do want to do is.

I want to make this easy for you. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So here's what's going to happen we're not going to start with n 9391 we're not even going to go to 63 or 5343 that's better than half price what we're going to do is we're going to go all the way down the 2347 for everything no. We're not even going to do that you can get it all now for just one low installment of 9.97 or if you need to you can break now remember this is for firsttime buyers only if you've bought our programs in the past we do have a discount available for you we have a separate program.

I need to just reach out to. Moss at 858 282 4663 or. Mia. NLP power.com uh if.

Mia and. Moss can post that information in the chat uh if you have questions regarding um. Second time buyers and stuff like that programs available for you by all means reach out to them and they'll go over that. So you can break that into three easy installments of just 397 all you got to do to get yours right.

Now is click this link right. Go to npower.com mind click the link uh before it's too late click the link click the link click the link get started on reprogramming your subconscious mind and using those skills to move through the world making helping everybody you want every let me repeat moving through the world helping you help getting yourself everything you want by helping everybody else get what they want it's the most win-win system on the planet and we have lots of veterans in the chat that know exactly what. I'm talking about click this link right. Now and for those of you who are early adopters for those and by the way for those of you if you've bought this program in the past uh we we will allow you to substitute um a course of equal or lesser value.

So if you've got stealth. CPI already. But you want to get maybe a. CPI 2 or.

CPI 4 as long as the price points match we can customize the package for you all you got to do is give. Moss or me a call or an email and we'll get that handled for you okay. Uh. But there's more go go ahead and click the www.lpower.com mind now.

But. David how do. I know this will work for me. I promise you it will work for you if you do the work.

But you have nothing to risk because you can try this for 60 days and if at the end of 60 days you're not on the fast track to removing the blocks to your success if you're not creating a wealth mindset or the kind of mindset that you really want if you're not becoming more magnetically attractive if you're not in the fast track to manifesting the life of your dreams eliminating fear self-sabotage uh blocks to your success in whatever point or in whatever way that manifests if you're not feeling more confident and powerful and secure with your life. I'll refund your money if it doesn't do what. I'm telling you it can do as long as you do the work. I'll give you your money back because if it doesn't work for you.

I want you to find something that does. So try it for 59 days if on the 58 59 you decide that it's not it's not living up to what we're telling you and we've undersold this by the way um. I'll refund every time and you can even keep the courses you've downloaded as my gift to you for giving it a shot. But give us a shot right.

Give us a chance to to give you access to this material give us a chance if you have sticking points give us the chance to help you through those and manifest and become the person you truly want to be everything has a little bit of a learning curve we've done everything we can to minimize that for you. But you've got to decide that you deserve it you've you got to decide that you're going to do the steps necessary to manifest the life of your dreams and the best part about this technology even though it's about reprogramming your subconscious mind you don't have to believe in 90% of this for it to work for you we've taken a lot of times in to to distill this down into mechanical steps. Michael's saying uh can. I do it as an in-person do an inperson in a separate package yes.

If you want to if you would like to customize a package reach out to m directly tell them what you want and if it's feasible for us to do that for you we're happy to do that okay. We're very flexible because we again we want to help right. But investment has to go both ways. I can't invest in you until you invest in me right.

And. I'm gonna give you as much as. I can and. I'm gonna share with you as much as.

I can. But at the end of the day no. One's coming to save you except you. I'll show you how to do that.

But you got to step up this isn't for everybody only the people who are ready for change only the people who are ready to stop kicking tires and start getting in the game okay. I love you all. But. I'm gonna tell you like it is not going to [ __ ] you right.

Click that link right. Now www. killer npower.com m n click the link click the link click the link before it's too late for those of you who are on the fence a little bit. But want a little bit more juice little bit more. Mojo if you click this l right.

Now before. I log off the webinar tonight now this is important the the things. I'm going to talk about. Next are only for fast action or for fast starters people who want the biggest bang for their butt.

But it's also only available as long as. I'm physically on the webinar tonight okay. The moment. I log off the webinar the bonuses.

I'm about to share with you go away you can still get the earlier package that. I just talked about. But these bonuses are only good if you click this link now while. I'm on the seminar the moment.

I log off the page is going to change okay. And you won't be able to get this. So here's what we got for you click that link right. Now you get these fast action bonuses.

First and foremost you're going to get three months of. Hands-On group mentoring with me the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program is a.

Hands-On training program it's one where you log in from wherever you're at in the world or if you're local many times we'll open them the. NLP office let you come in and do the. Mastermind in person. So you can train personally with me it's a you'll not get a certificate from this program what you will get is something even more important an opportunity to practice in real time with real people with people who want to learn the same things you want to learn get feedback from me specialize drills from me.

So basically the way it works you log in or you show up and. I say hey. Rob what do you want to learn. Wendy what do you want to learn.

TJ what do you want to learn lah what do you want to learn right. Uh. Kevin. Michael what do you want to learn.

I write those down on the board and. Then. I step back and. I look.

At all the connecting. I look. And find all the. Connecting.

Threads. I create a lesson plan for you on the spot and for the. Next four and a half five hours six hours. I drill you guys on those techniques specifically until you can do them in your sleep if it's a.

Hands-On skill building workshop it's the longest running. NLP practice and training group in the world it's been running nonstop month after month since. October of 2010 we have videotaped every single one of those sessions and archive them uh on the. NLP power website on our private.

YouTube channel and parts of it are in our private. Facebook. Group as a. Bonafide card carrying member of the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring group you will have access access to the entire 13-year archive and it covers everything from how to reprogram your subconscious mind overcome limiting beliefs reduce trauma manifestation. Advanced persuasion and influence tactics mind control techniques uh energy healing remote influence remote healing uh face reading body language behavioral entrainment uh performance enhancement learning you name it if it involves the mind and the body working together it's in that it's in that program every application is available from seduction to marketing to therapy to manifestation any form of coaching you can think of now. I will warn you up front because these videos and these meetings are all member driven there's a lot of repetition from one class to the.

Next because a lot of people have the same question right. They have the same question. So a lot of the material keeps coming up. But every now and.

Then you get one that's really cool that's unique right. So um that's about the only drawback to this m now the other thing about the the video archive is that 99% of it is. Virgin it's never been in a product it's never been on our public access. YouTube channel it's never been our private access.

YouTube channel right. This is completely new material we have at least as much material in the 13-year archive as we do on our web on our. YouTube channel. But this is stuff nobody's ever seen.

So as for the. Next three months you can log in on the. Third. Saturday day of every month do the do the.

Hands-On practice and binge watch 13 years of video content that nobody else has ever seen okay. It's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next 21 people to click this link before. I log off the webinar remember firsttime buyers only okay.

Total combined value on this offer now is 10,078 bucks. But you know what. I'm not done yet folks because if you act right. Now going to give you one of the courses.

I'm most proud of this is the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this course is probably responsible for more people's success with conversational hypnosis out in the field than probably any other uh downloadable program. I've ever offered it comes it comes with uh a full set of videos on conversation hypnosis manuals. MP3s uh transcripts um and this is designed to take you from zero to hero in a couple of hours it's designed for people who want to learn hypnosis now. So you can practice it tomorrow it's it's completely um stream down to just the essentials there's at least two videos there on the the most powerful conversation of.

Notions language patterns that exist there's a four vide or four. I think it's. EI four to six video set of me teaching those in one of my private meetups is one of the best meetups we've ever done on those language patterns there's a course called anchors in action which is all about how to use anchoring to set and create. State control on demand there's another one called hypnotic hot buttons which is all about getting people emotionally fired up and wanting to do what you just said you want to do there's even a video in there on instant and.

Rapid inductions you watch that video it's like 90 minutes two hours and you have like seven or eight different instant and. Rapid inductions you can just go out and play with out in the field and there's a whole lot more in there right. Total value on this is $997 we're going to give this to you free because we want you to get fast a fast start we want you to get out there into the field and we want you to put this stuff to work and the fast. F you start the more fun you have the more successful you're going to be and that's the secret be as playful with this material as humanly possible go out and just take one piece and play with it and watch what happens okay.

Total combined value and this is $1,075. But we. Finally we have one more super amazing bonus for you and this is the one that's probably if if nothing else this will change your life too right. And this is our secrets of.

TR of self transformation virtual healing. Retreat this is coming up. November 8th through the 10th and what this is is you get to be in a in a group mentoring session with me for three solid days we're literally going to help you eliminate self-sabotage we're going to teach you how to overcome the blocks to your success how to remove physical and emotional pain this is not a training that you have you're going to get certified in this is you as part of a group mentoring process where. I physic when.

I use my skills to guide you through one healing process after another after another after another for three solid days this is. David helping you fix your stuff. So we remove blocks and limiting beliefs find and remove all the hidden negativity that you didn't know you had how to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away how to change that crappy voice in your head. So that it build you up instead of tearing you down how to resolve negativity from your past how to get in touch with your true self um reprogram your subconscious mind for the most powerful and a joyful life imaginable this is me working with a small group of people deep dive into your unconscious for three solid days uh if anybody on the video or on the on the call has been through the healing intensive type in your experience from the.

Last one this is again you can attend this from the privacy of your own home. November 8 through the 10th uh we limit this to about 30 people just to make sure that uh everybody gets the attention they need. I usually have three to four of my uh top level students there to help you if you something comes up that's you need a little bit more one-on-one attention one-on-one personalized therapeutic interventions or something like that they're there to help otherwise it's all you and me baby for three straight days total value on this is $2,497 and you get me. But it's yours for free if you want the.

Next people to click that link total combined value on this is 13,500 and oops sorry um where'. I go $ 13,572. So let's just review this really quick here's what you're getting you get the secrets of. Personality transformation.

Ultra mind control training home study course in manual. Val at $2,497 we're going to give you the identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program. Val at $1,497 we're going to give that to you for free right.

Because we want you to get the biggest bang for your buck right. Maybe you don't plan on on seeing clients now. But you might. What if after you fixed all your [ __ ] you realize hey.

I can help other people with this now you've got the tools right. We're going to give you hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation.

Mastery home study course this is where you take all the identity by. Design training and apply it to amplifying your manifestation skills. Beyond. The.

Pale of what you even think is remotely possible it's a $1,497 value we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol home study course this is the flagship influence program that changed everything $1,950 value we're going to give this to you for free and. Then we're going to put the cherry on the.

Sunday with that the. Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change home study course $1,950 value we're going to give it to you 100% free as part of this program and of course you get the stealth instant conversation with. M crash course. So you can download it tonight start hypnotizing people tomorrow tomorrow or even sooner it's a $997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and.

Finally to make sure that you got the tools and the skills and the changes you want to make. I'm going to give you three days one on in a in a group one-on-one session with me with the self- transformation virtual healing intensive this is a limited time only offer it's a $2,497 value it's going to be. November 8th through the 10th you can attend it from the comfort and privacy of your own home total value on this is $1 13,572 you can get it all for one installment of just $99.97 now just to give you um some idea a one-on-one session with me is $3,000 okay. You can get the session plus everything else.

I've talked about to support you for one installment of 9.97 it's a 13,572 value all you got to do is click that link right. Now you can break that up up into three easy installments of just 397 just go to www.lpower.com mind click the link click the link click the link and uh we'll get you started we'll get you going moss and me are are on standby go ahead and uh guys put those links back in for the folks the good. Folks at home the good folks abroad we're going to take a seven minute break for you guys to kind of get that handled and. Then we're going to come back we're going to pick up with part three we're going to pick up what we left off in part one and we're going to start clearing more stuff.

But we're going to clear the stuff or install the stuff that you want installed or cleared we're going to focus on we're going to take some vote as a group and we're going to focus on those applications. So we got about seven minutes six minutes now we'll see we'll see you at 5:57. I guess my time all right. See you in a minute e e e e e e e e for okay.

Folks we've got a few minutes till the break's completed. So. I've gotten back from my break early. So if anybody has questions or uh would like to um put some suggestions in for where they'd like to go or focus on.

Next with part three of tonight's webinar. I am open to that. I'm opening up the chats pardon me and we'll see all right. So.

Julie. Paul's like oan wants to start with. Renegade reframing it wants me to take level one and two which ones are those. So uh.

Julie the good news is is you don't need one and two if you want to do. Renegade reframing you. D you have all for all of our influence programs you either have to take killer influence or you have to take. CPI stealth.

CPI qualifies as uh level one. So if you get that course. Then you can do. Renegade reframing no.

Problem okay. One of the things. I want to talk about really quick while. I think.

I mentioned this. But. I'm. GNA.

I want to cover a little bit more in depth let's say you've taken advantage to of a similar. Pro program like this in the past right. And you have and you see a lot of duplicates like you have a lot of this stuff already if you let. Moss know that you've purchased in the past uh he'll help you customize a program for you um we you we're trying to emphasize this this this particular offer for firsttime buyers.

But if some of you already have one some of these courses we will let you substitute a course of equal or lesser value uh. So that you have you don't you don't have duplication um in your in your website all these are digital downloads you can access them instantly upon upon your purchase uh at least that's what my my tech people tell me. So uh yeah. Ste.

CPI for sure um. I don't usually tell people. I've saw. I mentioned this from time to time to time um.

But. I'll be upfront with you. I didn't create most of these programs for you guys uh. I created most of these programs for me because.

I had a lot of problems and a lot of challenges growing up and in my early adult life that. I needed solutions for and. I. I went to a lot of seminars.

I paid a lot of money. I. I ate a lot of crow to find the the pure solid gold nuggets that are distilled into these programs for you and. I developed them for me and they started.

I started finding answers to a lot of the questions that. I had. But stealth. CPI in particular is something that will always be special to me the original program.

CPI um that program changed everything for me one of the things. I discovered early on is aside from the the inner game in other words who your your your your set of beliefs and attitudes um and how you think about yourself and and and what you feel you deserve those are all really really important. But the big piece is how do you communicate that or how do you communicate and influence the world around you and. So one of the things that.

I kept running into over and over and over again was how important the ability to influence and wield precise communication uh was and. So. I realiz you know my my. SN sense went off metaphorically speaking and.

I realized where there's smoke there's fire um and. I. I committed myself to becoming a master of that art form and that science um and that. Pro that those materials the the things the learnings that became stealth.

CPI they paved my entire way through my undergraduate educ aside from being a top salesman uh in every company. I worked for uh they literally paid my way through under my undergraduate education on writing scholarships. I was the only work study with his own office um. I was given scholarship after scholarship after scholarship.

I won't tell you how. I all. I will say is that. English professors love hypnotic language okay.

Um. I gained one post after another extracurricularly. I graduated with honors in business. I didn't apply for the honors program they just gave it to me okay.

There were. So many things not to mention my social life there were. So many things that the core skills of stealth. CPI allowed me to do um.

But. I wouldn't have been able to do those if. I hadn't been able to get my head right. And my head isn't nearly as right.

Wasn't nearly as right. Then it as is now. So you don't need to be like perfect to be able to do this. But the way they work together is absolutely miraculous if if.

I could use that word um. But if. I were to give you the whole list of all the things that that that that set of skill that one that one set of skills has done for me and my students. I could fill books with it you know and um.

I really encourage you to invest in yourself on this right. Even if you go to the again my my my my staff is about to freak out. But even if you just went to to to the. NP virus and just bought stealth.

CPI and self and transformation without the package right. And focused on those that will change your life if you do it now you can get it all plus that for for the package that we're giving. But you know if you're if you just want to if. I had to give you the minimal the minimalist approach right.

Um. So by all means um do what you have to do to justify clicking that link and getting this program for yourself because we're here for you we can't multiply zeros right. We have lots of we give you tons of free content on the channel because we want to prove to you that this shit's real that it's not just something that we paid a bunch of actors to do this is the real thing and you can get real results if you follow the process okay. That being said our break is officially over.

I think our break is officially over and. I want to continue into part three of today's webinar which is all about applications. So what. I'd like to ask you guys right.

Now is what do you want to focus on for the. Last part of our webinar our time together what is it you most want to learn about um and and apply these these skill sets towards now remember it's a group vote. So majority wins all right. Obviously.

I can't do everything um. But go ahead and type in the chat what you want to focus on visualization of goals okay. What else you got go ahead this is the time to speak up a cool guy is asking can we switch the. Live program for another.

Live program yes. Um you can swap programs as long as the the tuition is of equal or or lesser value. So we have no. Problem with substitutions you just got to let us know.

So we can change our records uh let's see here how to feel better about myself in. Social settings okay. Money working with traumas okay. Energetic cause of ovarian cancer okay.

All right. Well let's talk about let's talk about uh. Ed's. Ed's question really quickly remember that um the ovaries tend to hold on to rage and fear sometimes grief um.

So it wouldn't surprise me if we regress the cause if that's if there was if there wasn't something along those lines that came up now everybody's different. But the patterns from both my energetic training um as well as uh my hypnosis and anop clinical experience it's always some kind of rage and anger and grief um locked into those into those tissues okay. Um again a lot of what you'll see a lot of times with colon cancer is bitterness anger and resentment bitterness disappointment resentment um yeah almost all of your cancers are are related to anger and some way okay. Um again.

I'm. I'm generalizing big time because everybody's different you know when you start unpacking that shell uh. You' be surprised sometimes what comes up you really well. But the one thing.

I can tell you is that every time we've we've broken that shell and gotten to those emotional cores the symptoms deaded rapidly um we don't again. I haven't worked with every single human being on the planet. So you know take that for what it's worth. But it's it's been my experience that the sooner we get to the emotional core of an illness whether it's an emotional or behavioral one or a physiological one the more rapidly it resolves is there any risk when working with someone with a traumatic past to make it worse it depends on on the trauma and what you're using and the level of training certainly we won't take some we won't we vet our clients really really carefully and.

So we won't take a client that we think this would be a bad a bad thing for right. Uh we'll refer. Al. But um by and large if if you're if you're competently trained no.

You come out you come out way better than than you went in in 99.99% of cases in fact. I don't think. I've ever had anybody come out worse ever right. Um.

So take that for what it's you know take that for what it's worth. But you gotta remember we're talking about. I'm talking about my experience you know there's one of the problems that we have and it's something that is is a point of contention with with many um hypnosis schools and things like that is there's no. Quality control in the industry right.

You can go to a you can go to a a bookstore tomorrow pick up a book. And hang up your shingle as a hypnotherapist and there's not at least in the. United. States there's not anybody who can say otherwise you know um.

So it's important that you check into the people and trust the people and the training of the people you're going to. I've had many occasions where the mistakes or the screw-ups from another therapist wound up in my office and. I had to fix their the stuff they made worse right. Um this is why we make when you come to our.

Live. Events um this is why we make your training as comprehensive as possible there's very few trainings that will teach you to deal with the stuff we teach you to deal with because we know what's out we know what's out there and we want we want you as a practitioner to be ready right. So if you're working with me or some people that are are who. I.

I refer to. I have the highest level of confidence in them. I really do um and if they and they're they're they're ethical and honest enough to know if it's something outside of their their expertise level to refer to me right. That being said um okay.

So we're looking at money working with traumas money all right. I see two monies and a little bit of trauma does that sound about right. For you guys is that where you want to go all right. So let's be very clear we start talking about traumas attending this webinar does not qualify you to go do trauma work doesn't require it doesn't doesn't it doesn't um certify you to go out and uh hang up a shingle saying.

I can fix your [ __ ] okay. This is this webinar is primarily to teach you some skills that you can apply to yourself and once you gain a certain level of confidence in them you can use them to help your family uh if you want to if you grab that whole package and you have and you see clients you can integrate these skill sets into your your your day-to-day client work and have amazing trans transformations in people okay. So when we talk about money what is it that's holding us back or what is it we let's start with what do we want we talk about money obviously we want money. But what what is it about money that's important to us remember that question what's money going to do for us freedom okay.

And if you had the money that got you that freedom. TI what what's important about that what would that do and by way that's not that it's a it's an editorial question. So you don't have to be tie to to answer it if if you if this is a thing for you go ahead and type your answer in the chat okay. So let's see travel make my own decisions okay.

I could focus on something else yeah money tends to dominate our thoughts when there's a lack of it huh or what we perceive to be potentially getting more okay. Anybody else now this is the interactive portion of the webinar go good in at ease oh. So. Jules if you could if you could find that freedom that would allow you to focus us on what's really important and be present with your family and service to others what's important about that what's that going to do for you the risk of of breaking state if extra points if people can can recognize what.

I'm actually doing be loving gain respect. Echo technique for sure for sure. I'm doing the echo technique what else am. I doing protocol what protocol.

Edie oh [ __ ] he's testing us this is like a class uhhuh welcome to. Planet. David you actually have to do [ __ ]. I forgot emotional bonding protocol right.

Why. I want to tap into your emotions right. Why because when. I tap into your emotions.

I tap into your motivation. I will also indirectly provoke the things that are getting the way. So we're going to do two we're going to do two basic processes today one is is something we talked a little bit about uh during part two which is the information process we're going to teach you how to give your mind suggestions that it actually wants to act on okay. Second piece is we're gonna we're going to do some clearing stuff we're gonna we're going to start clearing some blocks and things of that nature now before we get into those processes couple of things we need to get out of the way a.

I'm one person working on a bunch of people working with a bunch of people that are in their own home all over the world okay. So a couple of things one of the things that often happens when. I start leading people through a group process is. I'll say think of a time in your life when you felt.

X and the. First thing that happens is the moment. I say a time in your life when you felt. X you go and your brain freezes and you can't think of something right.

And you and by the time something actually comes to mind. I'm off into the exercise and you feel like you're behind don't worry about that what you're experiencing is normal it happens a lot especially in group group processes okay. So here's how you get ahead of that start writing stuff down ahead of time. So.

I'm going to give you a process this is actually something that. I've. I've started sharing it a little bit more. But.

I think this is something that will will help a lot of you you see the human nervous system has a negativity bias if. I if if a good thing happens to me my nervous system assigns a value of one to that or a gravity of one if a negative thing happens to me my nervous system assigns a gravity of four to it. So if you just do that math just to get to a neutral. State.

I have to have four good things for every one bad thing that happens just to be zeroed out to be neutral. I need at least five good things to neutralize one bad thing or to be positive to one bad thing does that make are you guys with me on this. So far this is going to be important for you guys yes. Or no.

Okay. So one of the things that. I accidentally on purpose did when. I moved from.

Pennsyvania to. Florida and. I moved from. Pennsylvania um.

I just turned 21. I literally took. My. First drink legally in uh in.

Florida or on the train going to. Florida um and and one of the. First things. I did was.

I went to. Walgreens and bought this 99 cent spiral notebook. It had this ugly fuchsia cover on it. I'll never forget it and the reason.

I did that was because when. I was in. Pennsylvania training with. Combined.

Insurance. Company uh. Combined. Insurance was founded by a guy named.

W. Clement. Stone how many of you guys know who. W.

Clement stone is or was okay. A lot of you have not heard of w cemstone. But you may have heard of some of one of of one of the people he was a sponsor for and his name was. W was.

Napoleon. Hill and they wrote a couple books together uh and. W. Clemen.

Stone was a big supporter of. Napoleon. Hill for many many years uh he was one of the. First people to have a billion dollar insurance company and.

I went through his sales training process and. I graduated by the way at the top of the class uh. But one of the things. I learned in his system was something called the deliberate use of self motivators in other words putting signs and met and slogans and affirmations everywhere you can see them intentionally giving yourself positive.

Strokes verbally every morning a lot of my a lot of my trainers you'd hear them like when we were out we were out in the field at a hotel in the morning you'd hear him in front of the mirror going uh every day what do you say. PMA all the way every day what do you say. PMA all the way right. They just do these crazy mantras and things like that.

So. I was taught very early in my life how to give myself positive suggestions and how to set that up well by the time. I had reached. Florida my life in.

Pennsylvania had pretty much become one of the most miserable episodes um that uh that. I can imagine and. I and. I had.

I had. I. I. Was 80 180 pounds of head trash and.

I realized that. I needed to get my head right. Or. I was going to recreate the crap that.

I just left. So. I walked into this. Walgreens and.

I bought this 99 cent notebook. And. I wrote in ballpoint pen. Bick by the way my success book.

On the cover and. I just sat down on my bed every every night and wrote every positive thing. I'd ever done every win. I'd ever experienced no.

Matter how big how small how stupid. I would just write it in the book. Learning to tie my shoe learning to flush a toilet the. First time.

I got uh the lead in this in the class play um. First time. I kissed a girl. First time.

I did more than kiss a girl right. Um you know and any win in my life that. I could find in whatever order it came out. I would write every night.

I would write it in that book. And if. I wasn't writing. I was reading it and.

I truly believe that that practice it was only good things by the way only good things that practice changed the course of my life because in life it's very very easy because of that inherent negativity bias because of all the plotting and the the manipulation by the media and social media and all these things we're being driven into negative unresourceful needy. States constantly. So you need to balance that equation you need to be reminded of all the very best things about you of all the good amazing things you've ever done and the person most that most needs to do that is you you need need to remind yourself these things happen these things were true these are the good things that. I've had in my life right.

And what'll happen is each time you write you'll reinforce it each time you read it the memory will play and those neurological connections and those memory cords and those transerv searches will grow stronger and stronger and stronger and will start to balance out over time the crap and the head trash that's being programmed into you. But it'll also give you a resource. So that when times come along where a guy like in a vest with a funky beard says hey remember a time in your life when you had the best. EX ever while something comes up okay.

So. I don't talk about that part of my life too much. U because it was rough there was there was only one time in my life really that was rougher than that that. I can recall um and that came much.

Later and it was also. I was able to navigate that because of a lot of the early work that. I've done. But that's what.

I want you guys to start practicing with catch yourself and and revisit yourself doing all the amazingly cool thing don't don't focus on the crap focus on all the all the things that you accomplished that were awesome and even if you don't even if you don't think they're awesome they would still count by somebody on the outside as being awesome write those down revisit them okay. So that's the. First part. Second part.

I want to talk about is how to give yourself really really powerful statements or suggestions some people might call them affirmations. I don't like to call them affirmations. I like to call them installations or. Yin formations right.

So one of the things that happens a lot of times when we uh when we're. First being introduced to law of attraction or self-programming we're taught to get out a piece of paper write down a few suggestions and repeat them verbally out loud over and over and over and over and over again right. Like every day every way. I'm getting better and better and better every day in every way.

I'm getting better and better and better right. It's the classic one the problem with that is that it's not native to your system in other words it's a statement coming from outside of you and just like if. I would take let's say you needed a kidney and. I took.

A a you were a kidney. I went to a donor and got out and got you a new kidney and. I put that kidney you know into your body right. The problem will that kidney save my life by the way if.

I if. I take a kidney from a donor and put it in my body would that make a difference in my life this is a this it's not a trick question answer the question no. It will not okay. Anybody have a different answer maybe okay.

So let's assume it's a it's a they've done the best they can on the tissue typing. I put the kidney in where the old kidney was okay. So. Jules is is is following the train of thought it will be rejected most likely yes.

Why well because it's not it's alien to that system true not true right. So sometimes what happens is we want to give ourselves suggestions we want to program our mind. But we don't know what to say to ourselves. So we ask somebody else what to say we'll go get a a book.

Of affirmations uh we'll go to a hypnotist we'll go to a coach and they'll give us a list of things to say to ourselves or whatever. But the problem is if we don't generate it we're not we have a higher probability of rejecting it it's the same with a kidney if. I put a kidney inside of you that comes from somewhere else and. I don't give you drugs to suppress your immune system your system will fight that and that's one of the reasons why sometimes anybody ever noticed that it takes a lot of repetition of an affirmation before you start to feel movement you guys ever noticed that some people not.

So much right. There's acceptions to every rule. But my experience with most people has been affirmations work. But you got to take you got to do them a lot yes.

So what if there are a way to to flip the script on that what if there was a way to give ourselves suggestions that had zero chance of rejection that would inst instantly open up energy reserves in our mind and body change our reticular activating system to a a a filter that looks for the reasons why we can do something and it it was exactly the way our nervous system wanted to be communicated with do you think that would be a uh a better approach to giving ourselves suggestions yes. Or no. Okay. So that's what we're going to learn.

First is that okay. And we're going to do it we're going to do it in the context of money. But what. I really want you to understand is.

I want you to get the structure of how to create these statements because once you understand the. I'm going to give you the level one process there's like three or four levels to this that we teach in. Hidden. Laws of.

Attraction and some of the other courses. But the level one is is super strong as it is. I want you to get the structure of this. So you can start creating programs and materials for reprogramming your subconscious mind in the way it wants to be reprogrammed in a way that doesn't have you don't have to overcome resistance after resistance after resistance after resistance after resistance okay.

So. First thing. I want to do is. I'm going to for this.

I'm gonna have to share. I'm gonna have to go back to my one note we're gonna have to walk through some exercises is that okay. Okay. So before.

I do that. I want to just give you one quick reminder the clock is running on the uh the uh the special offer we've got remember you're going to get the uh. Ultram mind control training home study course secrets of. Personality transformation it's $2,497 value we're going to give you the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study course at $1,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Mastery.

Program $1,497 you're going to get the stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 you're going to get the um uh. Renegade reframing overcome objections and conversational belief change home study course died at $1,950 you're.

G to get the. NP power. Mastermind mentoring program valued at $1,597 we're going to give that for you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation that nosis crash course. Val it at $997 and you're going to get that self transformation virtual healing intensive $2,497 value we're going to give it to you free.

November 8th through the 10th it's. A1 13,572 package we're going to give it to you for just $99.97 or you can break that up into three easy installments of 397. So um click that link before we go into training have a good night. Neil will tell us see the replay.

I'll talk to you soon right. Click that link right. Now and uh save your spot. Next we're going to look.

At where's my one note okay. I lovingly call these. Yin formations because they all begin with a question or they when. I.

First learned it they they they began with a question now they begin with a space that the unconscious mind fills now as we go through this process you're going to notice some things happening in your mind and your body for extra credit who can regurgitate or or um review for us the six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers what. First yes. Always answers honestly always feels like you're making making it up always having an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear now what several things are going to happen we start doing this process a it's going to work. B it's going to work see it's going to work um.

But when it works it may provoke other things. So as we work through this process and you become more aware of your body. I want you to start paying attention to the subtle feelings in your body there will be positive feelings in your body as we go through this process. But you may notice as we go through each of the informations and we we speak them out loud you may notice feelings in the background subtle icky feelings.

Naggy feelings. I want you to pay extra attention to where those are in your body and mark them down as we go through this process and. I. I'll explain why we're gonna why that's important after we learn how to do y enations.

So uniform is based on this idea of cause and effect it's also um based on the idea that the unconscious mind uh hates vacuum hates a vacuum right. So all beliefs are stated in doesn't affect terms. So for example if. I were to ask um jws.

Jules what's something you believe in just type in the chat. Jules real quick what's something you believe. God because okay. So.

Jules you believe you believe in. God because answer the question fill in the blank because because when. I zoom out. I see it working in my life excellent now.

Julie said. I can do anything. Julie you can do anything you believe you can do anything because what follows what comes up in your mind when. I say because go ahead and type it because.

I've achieved much excellent. So if. I if you were to say out loud. I can do anything because.

I've achieved much that would feel true to you true or not true that feels right. To you yes. What happens when you say it out loud three times what happens to your body you feel. Elation excellent now check in with your body right.

Now tell me what changes if anything when. I say you can. Julie you can do anything because you've studied. So much how does that feel different it feels true okay.

Is it as strong as the one you came up with ah there it is and now you have the difference between a transplanted organ and a clone one you see when we create our own suggestions when we create our own affirmations and we use a specific structure we accept them whole and total we accept them fully it releases more energy now let's contrast those two experiences that we've just had and now feel this you achieve much in life you achieve much in life you achieve much in life how how how compelling is that. Barry is it as strong as the one you came up with. I need to stop echoing people when. I do this okay.

So what you're seeing now is when you when you when you when you get suggestions like every day in every way. I am getting better and better and better that's good. But if you were to change it to every day in every way not everyone okay. Every day and every way.

I'm getting better and better and better in every way every day event and better because. I study how the mind works now the secret to this is the word because okay. Because is what we call a cause and effect term okay. When person.

States what they believe they always use cause and effect terms. So this is the structure of internal belief that's why when you gave me part of your belief and. I asked because you filled in the blank and it made sense you guys with me. So far this is a little neural linguistic this is a little neuro.

P nerdy stuff. But this is. I want to. I want you give a theory for why this is working.

So let's say that um. So anytime we create a sentence whatever whatever it is we want we put a because in there and let our subconscious mind fill in the blank it will accept and process that statement with the same level of certainty as a belief because all of your beliefs are built this way you with me. So far. So if we were going to do this um.

So. I want. I want all of you to type in the chat your top three suggestions or things you want to have regarding money and. I'll.

I'll just create a quick list and show you how this works and. I'll have you create some more on your own. So type in your your top three things regarding money house trips boats okay. So if you were going to give it.

Peter if you were going to give yourself an affirmation to manifest and produce a house a trip trips or a boat how would you say it based on the old way of doing affirmations what would you say to yourself let me see here. Peter says. I would make it about someone else okay. Car.

Garden okay. So what has to be all right. So let's get a little bit more detective on this what would have to happen for you to manifest um let me see you guys are starting to flood my chat they're going by. So fast.

I can't catch it all okay. So um. Julie's got higher income debt-free travel okay. 360k home.

C okay. So. Nisha has a a number there right. So let's start with.

Nisha and we we'll back well. I'm a money magnet can hold and keep massive amounts of money oh very good. Jules all right. I can work with some of these uh.

Lamar you're cheating you're using my structure. I have more than enough money because money comes to me easily perfect. So. P that thought let's catch everybody else up all right.

So. Jules is saying. I am a pardon my typing a money magnet. I can hold and keep massive amounts of money this is a really good affirmation based on the old model.

But now what if we go you know just cut and paste this really quick. I am a money magnet. I can hold and keep massive amounts of money because jwes what pops into your head when you hear the word because in that statement what what is the answer your unconscious mind gives. First impression if you say to yourself.

I am a money magnet. I can hold and keep massive amounts of money because what because. I care now. Jules say that to yourself out loud three.

T three five times and notice what happens to the feelings in your body and. Then when you're done type it in the chat let's do another one uh real quick. Nisha has a 36 60k. So.

Nisha. I now h i now earn or. I now have. I would go to progress.

Progressive with this. So. I would go 360k and now earning because fill in that blank for me. Nisha say that sentence out loud with the because tell me what your unconscious line fills in on the back end wheny says.

I'm the best at what. I do. So. Wendy if.

I say. I am the best at what. I do and. I write because what answer does your unconscious mind give you type that in fill in the blank write it out speak it out loud trained by you that's fine if that's what came up fill it in the blank and speak it out loud and tell me what happens because.

I am powerful and effective. So. Nisha. Earth says because.

I am powerful and effective now say for each of these that we're doing are you guys seeing the structure here you state what it is you want in positive. Progressive terms you insert the because and you fill in the blank and when you fill in the blank and you start saying it out loud notice how rapidly the energy builds up in your system it speaks to a part of me that feels undeserving and. I can literally feel it touching that part and jwes when it touches that part what happens most these guys are sitting back watching this video holy [ __ ] he actually is teaching us something right. Lamar says you believe it isn't that interesting you actually believe it and isn't that important isn't that why we started doing affirmations in the.

First place to change our beliefs. But what if you start with something you already believe that actually moves you forward because that's what you just did the moment you ask your own unconscious mind. I am now the best at what. I do because it gives you something that it believes is true that it will act on.

So once again. State what you want inserve be cause let your unconscious mind fill in the blank. So there's your steps one two three right. So.

So let's. I'm going to do a few. I'm going to few. I'm gonna.

I'm going to do a few of these as if was going to train on train myself. I want you to take the things that you want to work on manifesting or program your mind to do and. I want you to follow this structure. So step one name what you want.

So maybe. I want to go um. I now earn 3.5 million in my business because. I now spend quality more quality time.

I now spend more quality time with my family because three every day. I am becoming more and more attractive because every day oops every day. I am becoming more and more successful because now that's part one and two part one was what. I want part two is my because now we we let the unconscious mind work its.

Mojo. So. I now earn $3.5 million in a year in my business because. I know exactly how to reach people and help them right.

The moment my brain fills in that. Gap. I now have a belief that that um my system actually has already the secret to this is when you start when you create an. I want statement there's a part of your brain that attaches things together in the structure of a belief when you tap into this it it starts to free up more energy because your system actually has created it again.

Jules this is my these are for me based on my where. I'm at you need to start with where what you can conceive of and follow the structure okay. I tried to give you as diverse uh set of suggestions as possible because not everybody's about money right. Uh.

I now spend more quality time with my family because. I have disposable income right. Every day. I becoming more and more attractive because.

I easily control what. I eat and how much every day. I'm becoming more and more successful because. I focus on what works and keep doing it okay.

That's what my unconscious mind gave me when. I started creating a belief structure for what. I wanted now what's good about this is your. Bel if if here's the principle and.

I want you to get again. I'm doing a lot more lecture on this than. I normally would. I wouldn't.

I wouldn't tell you why it works. I would just say do this what the nervous system creates nervous system accepts you notice how sometimes when you give when you do like old style affirmations you say something or you tell yourself something and a part of you doesn't believe it has that ever happened to any of you right. Now contrast that with what just happened when you said. I now.

I now have. X or. I'm now getting. X because and you filled in the blank that same level of disbelief isn't there why because it's something your system already believes that's why it came up.

First right. If you follow the six dynamics of the unconscious response whatever you whatever your unconscious uses to fill in that blank is the belief structure that it will act upon you have nothing to overcome in terms of installing a belief that belief is already there what it will do though is it will trigger any belief that might interfere with the statement you just made and now you because you provoked it you can now go clear it how many of you uh when you when you did your inform your information how many of you felt energy energy bro in your body yes. Or yes. For sure right.

Was it stronger than a regular than a normal affirmation okay. That's already more powerful right. Now some of you may have not felt this some of you may have felt it not realized you feeling it some of you may have been acutely aware of how many of you notice when those good feelings came up that there were other feelings in your body kind of in the background that were kind of icky. Naggy yes.

Or yes. Yes. Or no. Okay.

What you've just done what you've just done is found the beliefs you didn't know you had. So when you use the the information process it's going to give you this big rush of energy and any part of you that's holding a charge that's in contradiction or um holding keeping trying to keep that at. Bay is going to get activated. So you can find it and now you can eliminate it how many of of you when those icky.

Naggy feelings came up pointed to where you felt it and marked it on your page like. I told you to do as they hurly scramble to write things down okay. So here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to take two minutes maybe less. I want you to use this information structure. I want you to write down. Yin formation struct uh suggestions for manifesting the things you want and.

I want you to speak them out loud and as you speak them out loud and you feel the feelings change in your body notice where the icky stuff is okay. And just make a. Mark or a notation. So you know how to get back to that because our.

Next phase is going to be getting rid of that stuff right. Again if you want if you want an even deeper dive into this stuff by all means you know make sure you click that link get the virtual healing intensive and. Then we'll go through the we'll spend three days just deep diving into this stuff okay. Me and you and a few other people and we'll just knock [ __ ] out of the park.

But if you want to work on yourself. Then this is again you've got you've got to know what you want you've got to install it you've got to notice what it provokes you've got to clear what provokes and. Then you've got to reinforce the new training this is how you reprogram okay. Everything starts with what do.

I want what's in the way how do. I clear it how do. I reinforce what. I want okay.

When you guys are ready and you've done your informations and you've marked out the little icky places um you just nod your head to let me know or not nod your head uh type in the chat that you you're done see. I'm. So used to doing this stuff online. I don't need to.

I here's the thing. I don't need to know where it is guys the only the only one who needs to know where it is is is you and yes. Melissa it will be somewhere in your body every now and. Then it'll be something outside of you that you'll point to it doesn't matter you treat it the same way okay.

Good all right. All right. So we have this yes. Okay.

So now what we're going to do uh let me go let me let me expand my window here just. So. I can see all my little prompt. So.

I have 20. I have 22 people in zoom and how many people do. I have. I have a lot of people in.

YouTube all right. YouTubers this is get where it gets crazy. So if you're listening to what. I'm gonna do.

Next and you're driving or you're operating. Machinery or the stove or a sewing machine or anything that that requires your full and undivided attention you are not to do the following drills okay. Kich okay. All right.

So here's the. First thing. First thing. I want us to do is um well we're just going to go right.

Into um magic framing okay. So. I want you to look. At your.

First information. I want you to speak it out loud. I want you to notice where in your body the icky. Naggy feeling is and point to it now.

I don't want any of you um. I don't want any of you typing in the chat just follow along okay. Point to where you feel it there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a feeling you could reach out and touch a picture you could reach out and touch where would it be trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab that frame make it big like your iPhone like uh your the window on your iPhone or your touchcreen notice how the feeling shifts and changes bring it back to its original size now trace the outline up with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is. Fe put a big thick black frame around that puppy now most of you are probably too young remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. I want you to feel on the base of that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the knob all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel decide which one you like better once you have that if you like it all the way to the right.

Turn it all the way to the right. You like it all the way to the left turn it all the way to the left take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters across that. Whited out or blacked out screen there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative. I want you to write those lessons across that whed out or blacked out screen and glowing golden letters.

So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people know exactly what those lessons are and they blast them on the screen like it's nobody's business some people have no. Clue what those lessons are. But the part of you that created that feeling and that picture that part always knows. So give that part of you permission to use that finger and write what it needs to write on that white out screen like automatic writing now some people draw pictures some people draw squiggles some people get really pissed off and write fu fu fu across the screen some people write with both fingers simultaneously they're writing.

Chinese or. Hebrew at the same time. However your body does it that's just how your body does it let that part. Express itself until all the lessons are on that screen and everything else has been let go when you know it's done and only when you know it's done.

I want you to reach up shrink that picture down with your hands to the size of a postage stamp notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart your unconscious mind moves that frame all the way back. Beyond the. Horizon you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail hear it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity andoss comat test it right. To bring it back and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing scan your body notice how different you feel.

Lamar says. I feel lighter boom well done some people process a little longer let your let it just process out and when you're done type it in the chat checking with my. YouTubers okay. We got some crazy informations going on in our.

YouTube land here. But you know what it doesn't matter the truth is what the nervous system creates the nervous system accepts and if your nervous system will accept it your nervous system will act on it okay. All right. Let me go back to my.

Zoomers. Wendy says boom. Jack says better. Julie.

Paul says less and a lot excellent oh excellent. Jules you're yawning that's excellent it means you're processing let it happen keep going some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people feel waves of emotion come up some people just break out in the sweat all over doesn't matter. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox. Peter says always works yes.

It does yes. It does if you un very emotional excellent let those emotions come out. Melissa as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it if you need to process more you can always go back and frame it again or you can get a pencil and some paper write it out and. Then burn it just get it out of your give your system any chance it can to purge that stored up emotional charge because that's what makes us ill that's what holds us back that's what's empowering the limiting beliefs it's not the belief system itself well it is actually.

But what gives it to. Mojo is the energy that's built up when we when we pop that pimple metaphorically speaking as long as we've gotten the thing that caused the pimple in the. First place you're done if we get the the pus. But we don't get the thing that caused the pimple it's coming back right.

So. I'm using a very disgusting metaphor. But. I hope you guys get it okay.

Melissa says my back is feeling better honey. I am not surprised. So much back stuff is emotional. Wendy's.

Wendy's laughing at me. Jack says. David does the part outside of your body you point to before the friend can the energy being held in your body be part of the. C yes.

You know one of the things. I've learned in this business is that anything can practically anything can be the cause of anything it really depends on how your nervous system is perceiving and processing that information it really is that's why we have to keep going back to the. Dynamics of the unconscious response unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud it's never linear now.

I'm going to teach you another technique another two techniques uh. But before we do um. Last this is kind of our. Last call.

So if you've been on the fence about the power of of the the identity by. Design system and all the programs that go with it would now be a good time to click that link and save your spot okay. For that virtual healing intensive that's going to be worth its weight and gold those of you been at it you guys know right. Um if this is your.

First time this is your chance to really get some personalized attention from me. So uh let me go ahead and share my screen okay. Once again you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation unit ultr mind control training home study course in the manual it's a $2,497 value you're going to get the identity by.

Design hypnotherapy home study program and at $1,497. Value we're going to give that to you free if you if you purchased early. Michael you automatically get the perks okay. So you got all this you're good hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation of mind control training $1,497 value absolutely free get the stealth hidden uh stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 value 100% free.

Renegade reframing overcoming objections and obliterating changing beliefs in normal conversations. Master. Class $1,950 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get a three-month trial membership the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value free you're going to get the self- transformation virtual healing intensive 204 $197 value small group therapeutic uh retreat with me you're going to get that for free total values $1 13,572 click the link click the link click the link before it's too late $997 value get it all for just one low installment or if you need to you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each okay. That being said let's talk about what comes. Next okay. So one of the things we want to do now.

So we've we've got our we've got our informations yes. When he says see you. November excellent can't can't wait um we figured out how to remove safety rules you see a lot of times our nervous system won't let us have a certain result or keep a certain result because it believes in some way that that result is dangerous for us and. So it assigns little writers and safety addendums to the feeling and we don't know they're there even though we we see the patterns we don't know why we're doing that pattern until they're provoked and.

So we can use the information process to create belief systems that our nervous system already believes is possible and true for us one of the beautiful things about the yin information process is it doesn't trigger as many it doesn't trigger as many limiting beliefs as a regular affirmation does because it's something you're unconscious mind is willing to believe in remember anytime you create a statement put a because and. Then let it fill in the blank the unconscious mind never resist itself that's why you tend to get a bigger bump in energy faster now if you take those suggestion. So you could take any single suggestion and write five or five to 10 iterations of it. So like for example um using uh let me get one of your guys's hold on okay.

So let's let's let's look. At n. Misha. So.

I now earn $360,000 a year because. I'm powerful and effective that's one. Yin formation. But.

I could actually make multiple. Yin formations. I say. I am now earning $360,000 a year because.

I know how to do what. I do. I am now making $360,000 a year because. I know how to manage my money.

I'm now making $360,000 a year because. I know how to build my business. I'm now making $360,000 a year because. I know the right.

People. So each again. I'm pretending to be. Amisha.

So these probably won't resonate quite as powerfully with her because she didn't make them up. But. I'm using the same structure. So.

I've taken one information. I've used that same stem. I am now earning $360,000 a year because and. I'm filling in the blank with something different every time.

So what you do is you take anywhere from five you make five to 10 12 20. However many you want to to create you make a list of them right. Without an induction without any kind of progressive relaxation you just speak them into a recorder okay. And you have them playing in the background all the time when you're driving when you're working they don't have to be super loud they just have to be audible sub audible okay.

Now if you want to do sleep programming you can listen to it while you're going to sleep because they're your words and it's your nervous system that will be the thing your unconscious mind processes while you're sleeping okay. If you want to go one step further well two steps a you can actually have the recorder by your bed and as soon as you start to wake up in the morning turn it on and listen while you're in that dreamy. State and it'll go in faster and deeper if you want to do. Orthodox autogenic training or hypnosis program programming.

Then you put a little uh hypnotic induction on the beginning of it and listen to it for 20 minutes you know once or twice a day right. But the secret to this is is as you listen and you create these informations it's going to provoke body feelings that are connected to the limiting beliefs that you need to clear to move forward. So you use the the informations to provoke the limitations you clear the limitations and. Then you reinforce and rren the the informations by repet by repetition and that's going to be the most consistent powerful way for you to to reprogram your subconscious mind in an ongoing basis in a way that's in harmony with how your nervous system wants to practice now in identity by.

Design we have gazillion ways to amplify and accelerate that to make change rapid and instant. But this is something that you can do with a minimum level of skill that you can just start making powerful changes really really quickly. So jul is asking we record these to sleep with does it need to be in your own voice it will work if he listens to your voice. But it will work better if he listens to his voice okay.

Remember this is the this is the overall principle that we operate one of the the main principles that we operate from in. Planet. David the human nervous system never resists itself what you create you accept even if you didn't know it was coming out of you the fact that it came out of you your system will accept it and that's how it works okay. So.

I hope that. I have delivered on my promise to you that. I've given you some very powerful ways to clear stuff. I gave you three like two or three at the beginning of the webinar.

I gave you one way to tap into motivation. I gave you two ways to clear stuff. I think plus what we did at the post webinar. So for your sake in mine.

So. I can continue to be your guide your. Mentor please click those links get to the healing intent get the courses use them please right. Use them.

I love you all. Last call before. I. I.

I go secrets of. Personality transformation is $2,497 value you're. G to get identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study course $1,497 value you're going to get hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation and mind control mastery 1,4 $97 value you got hidden. Laws of. Attraction manifestation.

Master home study course $1,497 value stealth. CPI. Universal persuasion protocol $1,950 value you're going to get that free you're. G to get.

Renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change $1,950 you're going to get that free. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value we're going to give you that free with the 13-year video bonus archive stealth instant conversation crash course $997 value we're going to give that to you free you're get the online 3-day virtual healing intensive $2,497 value 100% free if you're one of the. Next people to click on this link before.

I log off remember for those of you watching this replay you will not qualify for these bonuses if you don't click the link while. I'm on the webinar. So if you're watching the replay. I'm sorry you missed the boat you can still get the original offer.

But you can't get the the. VIP uh virtual healing intensive you don't get the instant conversation no. Crash course you don't get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program if there's duplicates here that may you have some of these courses and you want to take advantage of this package. But you don't want to duplicate your courses let. Mosser me and no. We let you substitute out things of equal or lesser value.

Okay. Click this link right. Now npower.com npower.com. I love you all use it well we'll see you.

Next time in the words of the immortal. Mor from orc nanu nanu good night and. God bless take care.
