Title: gefhC69t6Ug.txt
Video Id: gefhC69t6Ug
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gefhC69t6Ug

Why don't people do what we tell them to do what is react what is resistance what is what is this thing we as hypnotist they're taught exists called reactance or resistance people inherent all resistance falls under one of three categories we instinctively inherently resist anything that threatens how we see ourselves if. I have a certain self-image what. I deserve not in there no. It's a new stuff we instinctively resist anything that threatens what.

I think of who. I think. I am in my place in the world if. I grow up being taught.

I'm a lowlife no-good son of a drunk and. I suddenly win the lottery. I will fight tooth and nail unconsciously to maintain that. So.

I will probably drink myself into a grave squander the money or find some way to get rid of it because it doesn't match how. I see myself okay. Even if you consciously know better we're not dealing with the rational mind we're not dealing with the conscious mind it doesn't drive the bus okay. It's kind of like it's kind of like the navigator.

But the navigator isn't the driver how many times have you somebody giving you directions and you went somewhere else right. We instinctively resist anything that threatens how other people see us if. I have. I know that people see me as this wealthy powerful charismatic super hypnosis guy.

I will fight tooth and nail to maintain that illusion and not show you the shitty car. I. Drive around in that it doesn't match the image. I want you to have with me that makes sense famous marketer by the name of.

Dan. Kennedy some of you might know who he is if not you should probably study his stuff because some of the best covert hypnotists on the planet and marketers okay. They do in writing and through other venues pretty much the hardest thing there is to do short of getting someone to sleep with you they get you to reach into your wallet pull out a credit card and hand you their money and you send them your money it's okay. Because as long as you're getting value for it.

I literally drove guys that says why most hypnotists are broke because they get. First of all they're not invested enough in their career the average hypnotist can become a hypnotist for five or six hundred bucks and have as much credential as somebody who's gone for seven hundred hours of training and spent several thousand dollars there's no. Regulation one of the problems is it'll leave the less you invest the less you're worth to yourself as a rule this is why it's important to invest okay. And when you are you're dealing with clients remember that when the clients that used to tell your clients your prices and they say no.

They're not saying no. To you they're saying no. To themselves because if you were to walk up to that client and say if. I were to give you that change for a dollar would you do it right.

If. I were to give you that change for ten dollars would you do it you just keep raising the number until they reach a point or they don't and. Then you save them. So you're telling me that this problem your life is worth is only worth this much and boy does that change their perspective because if they've just spent the.

Last twenty minutes to an hour telling you about the most horrible vicious nasty thing in their life and house ruining everything about them and you get to $80 and they won't they won't pay 80 bucks to fix it what does that say about them that's what they're worth. I don't know actually. I wouldn't. I would just say.

I would. I would have to leave it there because that's um again one of the things that and. Edie can speak to this. I came from the beer.

I'm a high ranking black belt in a very controversial martial art and art that when it was brought out into the public every established traditional martial artist on the planet said you it's not real it's not real it doesn't exist. I know everything there is to know about these martial arts moves and if my instructor noted he taught it to me okay. And. So back in the day we would walk into people's schools and we would ask them certain questions they'd give us certain answers and we give them certain responses.

Then we wake them up okay. And they'd ask do you believe it now and this goes to what's in your manuals called the four stages of learning. First stage is called unconscious incompetence we don't know what we don't know all of a sudden we walk into. I walk into a martial arts studio or if you're at.

Lake oh hi. I'm at. Lake you guys do martial arts here and say what's this move. I think you'll never do martial arts razor okay.

All right. We do. X move which we're taught is a certain thing. But it's really means something else they say well that means this and they go wrong we show them it means something else.

So they thought they knew they didn't know what they didn't know and all of a sudden we show them something different they realize there's something we don't know we are now consciously incompetent we now know we don't know something the. Next stage in the learning process is called conscious competence now this is where we can kind of sort of do it for the test. But it's not natural like breathing or walking yet in the case of in this context of a martial arts were teaching people stuff that conflicts with a bullet with what they were taught prior there's this problem that happens right. About here they have to decide that it's true they realize they don't know something okay.

I'm taught that this move or this move or this move is not the block the reinforced block. I was taught. I'm not blocking a chair with this movement whatever it is we're talking how this move actually turns people's nervous systems on and off like a switch they're confronted with that reality their paradigm by which they've been running and living their life has dramatically shifted to something else at this point they must make a decision to adopt the new belief and move forward with the learning process and learn the new stuff or they do what we call deletion and there are a lot of they delete the experience and go back to being stupid because the pain a kind of a discomfort of accepting the new belief is too strong they're too invested in the old way and the only way that they can resolve the conflict it's pretend it never happened to generate a rationalization that justifies being able to go back to lazy. But it makes fun okay.

In hypnosis the term that describes this process trans logic an oxymoron to say that they believe trans logic okay. You will see this many times it's during stage hypnosis work where we're doing when we were engaging people and we call a negative hallucination maybe. I bring it up and. I bring dayj up.

I have ed sit in the chair and. I put. JJ in a deep trance and. I tell him that the chair is empty ed is completely not there and.

I tell. JJ to go sit in the chair and he doesn't it's not the chair go sit in it no. I don't want to. I don't feel expand.

I feel like spending go sit in the chair no. I want to stand over here or go sit in that chair no. Sit in this chair and every time you ask him to do it he refuses. But he comes up with a different reason for doing it right.

Because even though part of him doesn't see ed there's another part of him that knows it's there he's there and he has to generate a rationale for not going there how many people do you know that date the same person with a different face the same process the same process okay. Because the part of driving the bus isn't the part that's navigating right. Time we got all day mr. proposal live number three on that list oh yes. Thank you.

So much before on the sublet oh thank you guys for keeping me square. I'll close these loops for you real quick for stage in the process of learning unconscious competence it's like walking or breathing you can just do it like when. I rip at 90 language. I get to do it right.

So turn on off like a switch or just let it come out that's cool now getting back to the reactor resistance formula or the resistance protocols or the resistance categories we can go back to directly to this we instinctively resist anything that contradicts or threatens what we accepted and believed and hold to be true the zero ages of zero to five we have no. Information we are one big blank harddrive we don't even have a sense of self yet and. So. Therefore mommy and daddy are me important just an important rule here that's an extension of that process we instinctively resist or we have become reactants against anything people tell us we never resist what we conclude do that again we resist what people tell us we never resist what we conclude the realm of a covert hypnotist is to engineer those conclusions okay.

I give you all the information you need to make the decision. I want you to make by your own choice. I engineer the choices all roads lead to my outcome. But you get to choose which path you take that's how it works.

BRT that's right. Dirty rotten tricks well let's say as a young strapping young man of three years old or maybe four and a half mommy and dad mommy is at home and. I'm in the nursery and she's teaching me about colors and shapes we're having fun with our blocks or our toys or whatever and mommy tells me that this is a blue triangle mommy would never lie mommy couldn't possibly be wrong she's the goddess of my world she changes my diapers right. She feeds me it must be true mommy told me right.

And. Then. I go to kindergarten and teacher says. David go draw a blue triangle and.

I go and she goes no. David that's a green circle draw a blue triangle and. I go no. Mommy told me this is a blue triangle and now we fight to the death because that was their.

First remember whatever gets there. First has the most power the way you're introduced to things will forever color everything that comes after is okay. Strategically anytime you can engage or interact a person in earliest most refined mental states and memories the more pervasive the influence you have okay. With the three categories of resistance that you will run into how we see ourselves how we think other people will see us what we know to be true there's one more.

But it's not react if not resistance even though it often looks that way called reactance reactance is largely neurological and unconscious it's part of the reptilian response moniker. Daniel as martial artists we deal with it all the time now. I don't want you to yield or be overly resistive. But.

I was okay. If. I try to pull him do the drag he wants to kind of pull that back like you right. I push him you can see my kind of with the to gear up that's physical reactance we instinctively resist to be pushed to right.

We instinctively somatically resist and push back against any perceived attempt or loss of personal autonomy. I push him his body wants to his body wants to push back right. If. I pull in right.

Pull might get a little bit less. But push we get this. I mean push this just pisses us off. I don't know what okay.

Psychologically we do the same thing how many times that people given you great advice that you refuse to take in spite of the fact that you knew it was great advice do you agree with what they said because they told you to do it you said you right. That's reactance anytime we perceive a threat to our sense of personal freedom freewill autonomy we get reactant okay. Now these are the areas that we as a covert hypnotist need to understand because they're points of greatest resistance they can also become our points of greatest leverage if we build them into our presentations we start talking about how you'll see yourself as this wonderful person how other people will see you young strong alpha wave into. Boehner and you'll know it's true because your life just gets better because you chose it because you want it.

I just nailed all four categories of resistance. I engage it because those are your primary propulsion systems against persuasion. So if. I ally myself with them you got nothing to resist you're going to like yourself better other people are going to think you're cool you'll see the truth of how this relates to every part of your life in a way that makes your life better.

But it's something you want to choose something you have to choose because what do you want if you don't want it that's fine the moment. I gave you back your sense of autonomy it's like oh okay. I want to do that now right. That's why you want to come to my.

Next training tip no. Big radical five. So when you're building some of your interests in writing copy okay. Build it in when you're doing your set your pattern your in your future pacing build it in building in their autonomy that their that they have the choice that you can choose to do this we'll cement in the change okay.

1:22 okay. Doormat. Last reason people won't do this laziness and complacency it takes brain juice it takes hooks bun energy to actually exert influence you got a burn. Qi to get.

Qi right. This is the mote this is one of the reasons why people come to seminars they have amazing experiences they get on the plane leave all the skills in the training room right. Because when you go to a new location there's this truck this phenomena we call context anchors your rights your sense of self your sense of identity is linked to your stuff that's object relations theory 101 again your brain changes as the the objects in the room changes okay. So one of my trainers or infamous one used to say after a week of training with him go home and burn your stuff well most people won't do that.

So just rearrange your furniture ever notice that you rearrange your furniture at home and all of a sudden life is different even though it's the same stuff just in different spots okay. Yes. I was a psychology major you actually heard a story about how that relates to the. Attic why something here when addicts die if they use heroin it's you the usual one that the body doesn't prepare for that context and even the same amount of the drug.

So mm-hmm context is power if you could control context you control pretty much everything else we are context driven creatures period okay. Which is why in many cases when. I was feel testing a lot of the things that we're learning. I would go to people who are master practitioners in.

NLP master hypnotist now just put the. Whammy on him outside of the treatment room outside of the seminar room they couldn't recognize the skills because they only learned them in. Addis. Pacific context that's why.

I stopped training people with martial arts uniforms on if they take the belt off and their skill goes away that's why you go to that you go to any hypnotist any any high level hypnosis training it's a few exceptions. But go test it go to any high level hypnosis trainer outside of a seminar room outside of their treatment asking hypnotizing notice how many of them actually do it they can't because their skills or context-driven. I had. I literally had one guy hand the attack one day he's actually in my.

First renegade hypnosis video he's an. Asian guy and. I didn't know this at the time. But he comes up to me.

I just gonna meet up he comes up to me after the training and he says you're gonna good evening just. So thank you can you hypnotize me. I said sit down sleep boom. I put him in a deep trance came all kinds of happy feelings he comes out of it and he signs up for my step.

Monday no. Therapy certification on the spot turns out he had gone to like every major hypnosis trainer in the. San. Diego area when they were doing a meet-up or something and can you hypnotize me and none of them would do it these people doing it you know been teaching hypnosis and certifying people longer than.

I have. I've been teaching hypnotist for almost 15 years closer 12 years with. But. I've been teaching hypnotist not certifying them because when.

I was started teaching everybody that can mean two had no. Hypnosis training whatsoever or they had a ton of certification and couldn't do a goddamn thing and. I have for many years. I did not want to add to that mess.

I would help you. I would teach you. I would train you. I would give you a real skill set.

But. I wouldn't certify it. I would make you functional and. Then about as.

I was 25. But 2010. I met this guy named. James c2 who you'll meet this.

Saturday he'll be coming in to hang out. I call him my corporate seduction specialist. But he's got a good head for business he's a recruiter for fortune 100 and 500 companies he works with guys like. Bill.

Gates. Carl. Sagan weird stuff. But high-level guys and he uses this stuff professionally.

So he's a good person listen to if you've got business applications in mind. But he goes to be. David you need to start certifying people the people who come in through your masterminds are going getting certified by other people in teaching your stuff for other people like now sorry no. It's not alright.

Because. James is very tribal he's like you you're loyal to your tribe and that's just how it works. So we went around for about it all close to a year and that's alright. I'll start certifying people and.

I guess about 2011-2012. I started actually certifying people in. CBI and. Then it's their lenticular influence and.

Then ultimately real-world hypnosis or renegade hypnosis. First and. I never changed it to real world of gnosis and now we do certifications and we got. NLP certs we got all kinds of very application very practice driven skill intensive trainings that we do.

But it's based on your ability to actually do the freaking work right. But it goes back to context most of our skills most of our personas that we walk around in our context driven. So part of your job is to recognize at any given moment who does the person need to be for them to make a decision. I want them to make.

Then the. Next question is who do. I have to be in order for you to be the person who makes the decision. I want you to make and when you change you properly the other person has to change automatically or they leave either way problem solved yeah right.

The person holds the frame the longest in the strongest controlled reality yes. Absolutely at the end of the day they control how you control yourself the uneducated the uninformed they run around trying to control everybody else they get exhausted frustrated and broke the real ones the real power the real masters control themself and everybody else around them changes okay. Not being said how we doing on time. I want to break us at 12:00 we got about a half an hour.

So. I guess we'll just we'll start with our. First state control exercise this technique is called master and commander many of you know it many of you do not. So the.

First thing we need to understand about state control of state control comes in two categories actually yes. If you go to. CPI state control that's a tab on your. FN okay.

And. I will. I do reserve the right. To skip around because as the dynamic of the group evolves.

I see where we need to go if there's something that you specifically want me to cover write it down. So you don't forget it and make sure. I get it and we'll find a way to work it in in a way that's relevant to the rest of the group you have a question your waiting your glasses. I mean it's very seductive and.

I just want to do know that okay. These are these are the categories of resistance that you're going to run into. So that you people yeah absolutely go mm-hmm. So the things that we're talking about is food because you because your premises.

I have to change. First before changes in the world or at least be willing to change the law yeah after that's what these things yeah yeah everything we're doing you should be doing these things on yourself. First. But ultimately everything that you're going to experience or every obstacle you're going to run into in terms of self work you're going to have to manage in other people or bypass right.

But. So when you when you meet resistance and a lot of again environment context will be a major factor in how effective you are and what skills you bring to bear on a situation okay. People who view covert-hypnosis as conversational hypnosis are going to be it as a distinct disadvantage against you guys because you don't need your language you don't need it you'll understand proxemic. I've.

Nanak operators you'll understand. Kaneesha hypnotic operator to understand haptics you'll understand object relations theory to understand color theory you'll understand cold reading you'll understand how to how to gain information and. Link it together and position yourself these are all things that we're going to be working together some will go deep dish into others we'll just kind of touch on okay. Look.

They're all elements and phenomena that you can tap into to amplify what you do if all you have is language and you're in a noisy. Club good luck right. In a noisy nightclub eww no. Gary goes dancing a lot trust me there's loud music okay.

Is the primary keys to his success or not going to be linguistic there won't be if you can't do subtle embedded commands in a noisy. Club okay. But you can do a lot of kinetic things things that are behavioral rather than linguistic that position mr. Ito very famous pickup artist is probably the best one of the best examples of somebody who uses behavioral hypnosis social hypnosis to create effects now any form of seduction is directly applicable to any other social interaction because seduction or the dance of intimacy like going from complete stranger to the mating process is the archetype of all social interaction it's just a question of degree and intensity okay.

So many of the same pair of principles that we utilize in a dating your seduction context will carry directly over into a sales process and do a therapy process. I don't my most powerful therapeutic techniques come from the seduction level because it's a hostile environment it's an environment where the people you're seeking to interact with the people you're seeking to influence a don't know what you're doing they don't have a vested interest in following along in many cases they're actively resisting because they have defense mechanisms up and you have to be successful you hone a technique in that environment you take it into any other environment where you have acquiescence you have compliance you have a desire it's easy easy okay. It's a very marshal way of looking at influence. But all in all martial arts is is another form of communication it's all it is and you have people agree with it just cozy okay.

Neurologically when. I when. I touch you on a pressure point. I'm sending information into the body that's telling it to do something and it does that's communication right.

Oh huh everything we do from martial arts to hypnotherapy to sales and marketing is just communication which is actually just movement beverage just keep going up higher on levels of abstraction and all of a sudden we find the connecting threads and. Then you can really start to play. But we get too abstract we wind up in the ozone. I remember at the end of the day if you can't apply it it's not worth it right.

So we're not going to get we're going to give you a theory. But it's really about application. So what we're going to do now is we're going to begin to start talking about state control we won't get all the way through it. But we will start to talk about state control from the world according to.

David we'll go into like one get one like. The. Master and. Commander technique which is our.

First experience with understanding and tapping into state control we'll break for lunch we'll come back and we'll get deeper into advanced state control and report ok. Because remember it's how we manage our body states that determine the amplitude and the strength of the signal that we send to another person's nervous system it's not just about rapport it's about how strong that signal is that we sent and the fastest way to generate that is by changing our body. States okay. So.

First you understand the state control comes in two varieties they control one physiological volitional what do. I mean when. I say volitional willpower there's a saying and a belief that you can't make people do things against their will that is a lie because that would imply that people actually had a will to resist for them most people do not especially in our modern times most people in order to enix most people in order to muster any kind of will have to generate some kind of an emotional response anger desire aroused some kind of emotional arousal in order to to express willpower okay. Your willpower is not an abstract concept it's actually based on two physiological phenomena our nutrients blood sugar and sleep that's not a command.

I have bathroom going in. I was like oh that's not a command either. First book. You want to get if you haven't got it already.

But called willpower by. Roy. Baumeister. BAU mei st.

ER. BAU mei st. ER. Baumeister.

BAU the book. Is called willpower and it's a study of this phenomenon your willpower is basically amount of blood sugar in your system and the amount of sleep that you've gotten you burn up willpower units will call them self-regulating units you have a finite amount you burn them up every time you have to exert control over your emotional states or your primal drives okay. This is why most diets fail when you run out of. SR use which are the functional units of your willpower you will default to hedonistic primal unconscious behaviors yep let's say.

I am supremely gifted with sixty units of. SRU sixty units of willpower. I have children which means. I am always depleted of.

SR used at any given moment. But let's say for the for all intents and purposes. I have sixty in my tank. I get up as.

I get up the. First thing. I notice is that my youngest daughter. Sophia has crawled into bed with us and she snuggled up oh and.

Then. I noticed the warm moist sensation spreading underneath me 7sr use gone. I get up move my daughter all the while stuffing down the urge to throw her out the window another three units gone. I go when.

I get changed and my middle child gets up and of course she doesn't want her sister big sister to dress her. So she throws her her morning tantrum and one of my biggest pet peeves is loud shrill noises that don't stop 15s are you gone. I brought all the urge to throw you another child into the garbage disposal in that we get the children ready. I have my breakfast.

I get a feedback. I get in the car. I'm driving to the office. I'm on my diet.

I good. I had my little protein thing good driving a passed by. Krispy. Kreme well the rationalization factor kicks in.

I'm on a diet. But the guys at the office the guys the. Train would probably enjoy those doughnuts. I'll live vicariously through.

Then. I go and. I order all my favorite doughnuts for you. I have them in the seat.

I'm driving 3s are you gon bring a bell. I get to the office. I get to the training. I discover that.

I miss. I miscounted you know the number of books. I have or and. I've got like 15 extra books that.

I spent 700 bucks to have made 8's are use gone we go throughout the day and you know various things here and there the end of the day. I'm down to my. Last five or six. SRU use.

But. I made it. I made. I'm driving home some cuts me off for.

Morris are you going alright. Son. I'm running on fumes now. I'm like almost home.

I get home. I walk in the door my lovely wife is waiting there with that look. On her face yeah you know the look. Look.

That says you dead man walking you were supposed to pay. X bill at all gone five minutes. Later. I'm in the refrigerator chugging down eating the cheesecake grabbing whatever pieces left why.

I got to feel good. I got to get rid of this. I got it. I got a.

I got to get something back right. That's the human experience we burn up our s our use every time we have to control ourselves anytime we have to exert emotional control okay. Anytime we have to quiet a certain level of neurological arousal one of the fastest ways to override the critical factor is what intense emotion any form of emotion is neurological arousal the higher the level of arousal in the nervous system the faster your willpower checks out if. I can give you a sudden spike of adrenaline your time zone will just bail or if you have.

SR use or not they're just going to overwhelm. But as your day becomes more taxing as you have to deal with more stuff you start to burn the tank at the end of the day you get home there's nothing left unconscious drives kick in you start chugging the beers eaten the. Cheesecake and watching internet porn whatever it is you do anything that gets you free anything it gives you some kind of pleasure hedonistic responses that relieves stress okay. The caveat is willpower is the junk candy of the mind it's a finite resource and it will it will bail on you the moment the though they're rotating the fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator people that have easy annual high amount whatever that willpower genetic or that each of us has some people need to have a long yeah it's unique to each of you it can be trained.

Special. Forces people are trained to be operational in high-stress environment minutes. But you build up yes. So where you're not waiting in fact you wait in fact bound - train is good actually.

I think. I think he actually gives you some drills and things that you can do to start developing that martial arts is a good way to do it - you know because as long as you're not doing the whole blissed-out thing where you like you know you get on the treadmill put on your earphones and just pretend you're not doing anything you know being in it and being mindful is where you develop that willpower is an interesting thing you can't risk losing both in its history. But metaphysical books or people developer ability is anything that you're just going about that's all my secret you don't add that much influence do the physical activity recon that's way way beyond what the idea of ever experienced any will is where you're going especially if you hit vibrational influence in. October mmm y'all be ready yeah that's where this is foundation training for it you have to have state control you have to have demonstrated competency and self-guided transfer which most of you have done because you've been through my other training.

So we've done the timing and things like that to get really good at those kinds of things you must be good at trance the reason a lot of these a lot of these courses on psychic skills and things like that or hit or miss is because they don't spend enough time on actually drilling trance trance is the fundamental skill whether you're doing martial arts meditation music art it's the trance state that you access and the function and the degree of functionality within those trans states that determine your level of success. So you're nobody. So it's level is the sovereignty that you move to whether a new skill is it more or less not being in a trance state or just inserting conjugation is over which grant state we want to go you're never not in a trance the question becomes becomes being able to decide at any given moment what trance is appropriate and going into it as a choice and when you find yourself in a trance state by random due to randomness or by default getting out of it you can be something as simple as like at your envi table and we drive yeah most people don't have that level of self-awareness and they can't and they can't control their state and this is why. I'm starting with volition.

First because it's the one we want to rely on the least. But it's the one we do the most and it work and it fails the most your willpower will be the. First thing to check out when you try to control your state ok. Because our emotional states are driven by our physiology not by our neocortex important to understand we work with the other two-thirds of the brain to control our state not the weak not the weak one-third ok.

But we work with the body as well. So everything that we're dealing with this is one of my big concepts is this thing called feedback loops let's say. I have a problem with my liver okay. I have a sickness or a condition in my liver that.

I need to get medicine for if. I have a syringe full of medicine. I can inject it into my arm will it eventually get to my liver if. I inject it into my leg that would eventually get to my liver.

Then ejected into my heart will eventually get to my liver if. I inject it directly into my liver will go to my liver it was like most likely what's the variable how long how long it takes everything in the body works on a feedback loop one of the most common ones we deal with it hypnosis normally most often see is the mind body feedback loop right. The mind affects the body the body affects the mind we impose a strong-enough change in either one it will eventually affect the other can it not happen a similar feedback loop exists between your physiology in other words your posture and your emotions every emotional state that we generate has a corresponding physiology posture and breathing rate every physiology that we take on or assumed create a specific kind of emotional state. So we can use one to affect the other because most of what we do cognitively is generated organically in other words in the brain which is part of the body anything that starts in the body tends to have more push and amplitude than something we just do with our thought and try to reverse it the other way.

So while you can affect the mind or affect the body using the mind it is actually much easier to affect the mind using the body it makes sense the mind body feedback loop is important there's another one that we use especially and we'll talk about it a lot. Later on about rapport. But here not know what. I mean when.

I say rapport if you don't that's okay. That's what we're going to talk about ain't your mama's rapport all right. Rapport we have this concept we call pacing and leading when we paste someone what we're basically doing is copying something that they're doing thinking or experiencing we're matching it or in some cases mirroring it. But we're we're identifying something about them and doing it to write a lead is something we want somebody else to do experience blah blah blah okay.

In the world of rapport building and pacing and leading we have these two concepts called matching mirin which. I've just touched down a little bit. Edie come on up here for a. Second if.

Edie is standing a certain way he assumes a certain physiology okay. And. I do the exact same thing. I am matching ad right.

Let's say. Edie sticks his left hand in his ear and. I stick my right. Hand in my ear right.

I am now mirroring head if. Edward looking at his reflection in a mirror this is how he would see it he wouldn't see this one right. Unless he's taking some serious drugs or in transfer stuff okay. So if.

I do exactly what ed is doing his left hand is it his left here my left hand is in my left here. I am matching him if. I create a mirror image of him. I am mirroring him right.

Yeah. Thank. You ed the difference is that we have a mime in my experience. NLP will tell you that there isn't one many rx onehans will tell you that there really isn't one that both work they do both work mirroring tends to be more powerful it's signal sameness signal sentence when you merit when you mirror somebody had.

James used to teach and. I haven't heard anybody else say this. But. I found it to be relatively true that when you mirror somebody properly your voice tends to tend to sound like their internal dialogue and we never resist what we say to ourselves notice that put them right.

But this whole concept of pacing and leading and matching and mirroring the. Masters will tell you that if you want to get rapport with somebody you want to get rapport with somebody copy their gestures and you'll fall into rapport. But there's another school of thought that says no. No.

No. No. No. Matching and mirroring is what happens when you get rapport never notice that when you just connect with somebody to start doing what they do automatically yeah and.

So the two sides will sit there and argue with each other about who's right. Exactly the truth is both are true rapport will generate matching and mirroring. But matching and mirroring can generate rapport. But that's not good enough for me okay.

Because the truth is rapport is going to happen. Anyway whether you match in mirror or not because we live in a physical universe and in that physical universe we have laws one of the primary laws of physics is this principle we call entrainment. Edward what is the law of entrainment if you have a series of items they're moving in different rhythms that it will eventually become written exactly in other words if. I take a roomful of clocks all with pendulums swinging at different rates and.

I put them in a house all by themselves within a very short time all of the pendulums will start to swing together because they're made of molecules and anything made of molecules ie anything that moves has a frequency and all frequencies seek harmony they sync synchronization what's the variable the present time right. Just the fact that you're all in this rhythm even though none of you are in the same physiologies you all have a deeper level of rapport than you did when you got in here because are you made of molecules are you vibrating yep everything you're going to be praying with is based on the laws of physics this is a really cool video you can see it these are 41 separate metronomes all moving at different rates they have no. Nervous system they're machines they just do what they're told or do that yeah they lied to us doesn't take hours just under five minutes you just got to be a little patient it can't not happen you just got to feel when it does almost like got you again didn't that mother bugger because a train nervous system can do it practically instantaneously yeah. But we're not trained most of us.

I have all these playlists ah if only there was a way to do that that's where you're going you have to learn how to get back into your bodies you have to learn or in this case not learn. But to remember the. First language you ever learned the language of the body the language of feelings that was your. First language it's what you communicated in the womb to mommy with it's that part of you that always seeks connection the part of you you've forgotten because the school system religion the government television movies books have taken your lines somewhere else you want to become more fully human you have to get back into your bodies you have to become more self-aware and when you do magic happens.

But it's not magic exactly it's science because the most powerful rhythmic source in the body is the human heart your heart in addition to being the most powerful rhythmic source in the body radiates an electromagnetic field eight feet in diameter that can be measured with instruments from the body which means my heart radiates an energy field in feet in diameter. Miguel's heart radiates an energy field eight feet in diameter do they intersect anywhere yeah you betcha within 16 feet and that's if they're just alone in the room. But his energy fields touch in. Mike's energy field.

Mike's energy field is touching. JJ's energy field. JJ's energy field is touching. Daniels energy field they're all just little metronomes very cool webbing that concept when we take it from just an entertainment principle into the field of organic interaction we call coherence it's a deeper level of rapport it's neurological your heartbeats can literally synchronize the thing you need to understand about the human heart is that it has its own internal nervous system it is autonomous it has a direct connection to the brain and it sends more information to the brain than the brain sends to the heart okay.

Not metaphysics neuroscience when they took. A boy and a dog and his boy out to play and they have them strapped up some chains within 15 minutes their heartbeats synchronized not suggestion physics okay. If we can learn to interact with the system at the somatic and physiological level we can learn to get back into our feelings and regulate the system we could influence anyone pretty much from anywhere okay. Starts with how we use our bodies.
