Title: Mind Control Skills | Psychological Tricks For Removing Resistance | Conversational Hypnosis Tips
File Name: gefhC69t6Ug.txt
Video Id: gefhC69t6Ug
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gefhC69t6Ug

Why don't people do what we tell them to do what is react what is resistance what is what is this thing we we as hypnotists are taught exists called reactance or resistance people inherent all resistance falls under one of three categories we instinctively inherently resist anything that threatens how we see oursel if. I have a certain self-image what. I deserve not in there no. This is new stuff we instinctively resist anything that threatens what.

I think who. I think. I am in my place in the world if. I grow up being taught.

I'm a low life no. Good son of a drunk and. I suddenly win the lottery. I will fight tooth and nail unconsciously to maintain that.

So. I will probably drink myself into a grave squander the money or find some way to get rid of it because it doesn't match how. I see myself okay. Even if you consciously know better we're not dealing with the rational mind we're not dealing with the conscious mind it doesn't drive the bus okay.

It's kind of like it's kind of like the. Navigator. But the. Navigator isn't the driver how many times have you somebody given you directions and you went somewhere else right.

We instinctively resist anything that threatens how other people see us how we think other people if. I have if. I know that people see me as this wealthy powerful charismatic super hypnosis guy. I will fight tooth and nail to maintain that illusion and not show you the shitty car.

I drive around in because it doesn't match the image. I want you to have of me does that make sense uh famous marketer by the name of. Dan. Kennedy some of you might know who he is if not you should probably study his stuff because some of the best covert hypnotists on the plan are marketers okay.

They do in writing and through other venues pretty much the hardest thing there is to do short of getting someone to sleep with you they get you to reach into your wallet pull out a credit card and hand you their money hand you and them your money that sounds very familiar mhm it's okay. Though it's okay. Because as long as you're getting value for it here we go guys this is why most hypnotists are broke because they get. First of all they're not invested enough in their career the average hypnotist can become a hypnotist for five or 600 bucks and have as much credential as somebody who's gone for 700 hours of training and spent several thous there's no.

Regulation. But one of the problems is is the. Le the less you invest the less your. Worth to yourself as a rule this is why it's important to invest okay.

And when you are you're dealing with clients remember that when the clients you you tell your clients your prices and they say no. They're not saying no. To you they're saying no. To themselves because if you were to walk up to that client and said if.

I were to give you that change for a dollar would you do it you have nothing left to do right. If. I were to give you that change for $10 would you do it you just keep raising the number until they reach a point where they don't and. Then you say to them.

So you're telling me that this problem in your life is worth is only worth this much and boy does that change their perspective because if they've just spent the. Last 20 minutes to an hour telling you about the most horrible vicious nasty thing in their life and how it's ruining everything about them and you get to $80 and they won't they won't pay 80 bucks to fix it what does that say about them don't take it that's what they're worth do you spend 80 bucks. I don't know actually. I wouldn't just let them go.

I would just say. I would. I would just leave it there right. Because that's some again one of the things that and.

Ed can speak to this. I came from a very. I. I.

I'm a high ranking black belt in a very controversial martial art an art that when it was brought out into the public every established traditional martial artist on the planet said you this is not real it's not real it doesn't exist. I know everything there is to know about these martial arts moves and if my instructor known it he'd have taught it to me okay. Okay. And.

So back in the day we would walk into people's schools and we would ask them certain questions they'd give us certain answers and we'd give them certain responses. Then we'd wake them up and they'd ask do you believe it now and this goes to what's in your manual is called the four stages of learning. First stage is called unconscious incompetence we don't know what we don't know all of a sudden we walk into. I walk into a a martial arts studio or you're at.

Lake you hi. I'm at. Lake you guys do martial arts here and they say what's this move how many people here do martial arts raise your hands just okay. All right.

We do. X move which we're taught as a certain thing. But it really means something else they say well that means this and they go wrong and we show them it means something else. So they thought they knew they didn't know what they didn't know and all of a sudden we show them something different they realize there's something we don't know we are now consciously incompetent we now know we don't know something the.

Next stage in the learning process is called conscious competence now this is where we can kind of sort of do it for the test. But it's not natural like breathing or walking yet in the case of of in this context of a martial arts where we're teaching people stuff that conflicts with the with what they were taught prior there's this problem that happens right. About here they have to decide that it's true they realize they don't know something okay. I'm taught that this move or this move or this move is not the block the reinforced block.

I was taught. I'm not blocking a chair with this movement whatever it is we're taught how this move actually turns people's nervous systems on and off like a switch they're confronted with that reality their. Paradigm by which they've been running and living their life has dramatically shifted to something else at this point they must make a decision to adopt the new belief and move forward with the learning process and learn the new stuff or they do what we call deletion and there are a lot of people they delete the experience and go back to being stupid because the pain the discomfort of accepting the new belief is too strong they're too invested in the old way and the only way that they can resolve the conflict is to pretend it never happened to generate a rationalization that justifies being able to go back too poisy that makes sense okay. In hypnosis the term that describes this process trans logic an oxymoron to say the best to say the least trans logic okay.

You will see this many times in during stage hypnosis work where we're doing where we were engaging people in what we call negative hallucination maybe. I bring. Ed up and. I bring.

JJ up and. I have. Ed sit in the chair and. I put.

JJ in a deep trance and. I tell him that the chair is the. Ed is completely not there and. I tell.

JJ to go sit in the chair and he doesn't well it's an empty chair go sit in it no. I don't want to. I don't feel like stand. I feel like standing go sit in the chair no.

I want to stand over here or go sit in that chair no. I'll sit in this chair and every time you ask him to do it he refuses. But he comes up with a different reason for doing it right. Because even though part of him doesn't see.

Ed there's another part of him that knows it's there he's there and he has to generate a rationale for not going there how many people do you know that date the same person with a different face it's the same process it's the same process okay. Because the part of you that's driving the bus isn't the part that's navigating right. Time we got all day okay. Yes.

Sir to close the loop number three on that list oh yes. Thank you forgot four on the sub list too four on the sub list oh thank you guys for keeping me. Square. I'll close these.

Loops for you real quick fourth stage in the process of learning unconscious competence it's like walking or breathing we can just do it like when. I riff hypnotic language. I can just do it right. Put turn on off like a switch or just let it come out that's cool now getting back to the rea the resistance formul the resistance protocols or the resistance categories we it goes back to directly to this we instinctively resist anything that contradicts or threatens what we accepted and believe and hold to be true the zero ages of 0 to five we have no.

Information we are one big blank hard drive we don't even have a sense of self yet and. So. Therefore. Mommy and.

Daddy are me important important rule here that's an extension of that process we instinctively resist or re become reactant against anything people tell us we never resist what we conclude say that again we resist what people tell us we never resist what we conclude the realm of the covert hypnotist is to engineer those conclusions okay. I give you all the information you need to make the decision. I want you to make by your own choice. I.

Engineer the choices all roads lead to. My outcome. But you get to choose which path you take that's how it works. DRT.

DRT that's right. Dirty rotten tricks well let's say as a young a strapping young man of three years old or maybe four and a half mommy and dad mommy is at home and. I'm in and we're in the nursery and she's teaching me about colors and shapes we're having fun with our blocks or our toys or whatever and mommy tells me that this is a blue triangle mommy would never lie. Mommy couldn't possibly be wrong she's the goddess of my world she changes my diapers right.

She feeds me it must be true mommy told me right. And. Then. I go to kindergarten and teacher says.

David go draw a blue triangle and. I go and she goes no. David that's a green circle draw a blue triangle and. I go no.

Mommy told me this is a blue triangle and now we fight to the death because that was their. First remember whatever gets there. First has the most power the way you're introduced to things will forever color everything that comes after it okay. Strategically anytime you can engage or interact a person's earliest most.

Primal. States and memories the more pervasive the influence you have okay. But the three categories of resistance that you will run into how we see ourselves how we think other people people will see us what we know to be true there's one more. But it's not react it's not resistance even though it often looks that way it's called reactance reactance is largely neurological and unconscious it's part of.

The. Reptilian response you want to. Daniel as martial artists we deal with it all the time now. I don't want you to to to yield or be overly resistive.

But. I want if. I try to pull him see the drag he wants to kind of pull that back it's like you right. I push him he see how he kind of wants to to gear up that's physical reactant we instinctively resist see how he pushed see right.

We instinctively somatically resist and push back against any perceived attempt or or or loss of personal autonomy if. I push him his body wants to his body wants to push back right. If. I pull him right.

Pull might get a little bit less. But push me push this just pisses us off. I don't know what okay. Psychologically we do the same thing how many times have people given you great advice that you refuse to take in spite of the fact that you knew it was great advice you agreed with what they said.

But because they told you to do it you said you right. That's reactants anytime we perceive a threat to our sense of personal freedom. Free. Will autonomy we get reactant okay.

Now these are the areas that we as the covert hypnotist need to understand because they points of greatest resistance they can also become our points of greatest leverage if we build them into our presentations we start talking about how you'll see yourself as this wonderful person how other people will see you young strong alpha s and de boner right. And you'll know it's true because your life just gets better because you chose it because you want it. I just nailed all four categories of resistance you knock it down before you even have a chance to come back. I engage it because those are your primary propulsion systems against persuasion.

So if. I. Ally myself with them you got nothing to resist you're going to like yourself better other people are going to think you're cool you'll see the truth of how this relates to every part of your life in a way that makes your life better. But it's something you you want to choose something you have to choose because whether you want if you don't want it that's fine the moment.

I give you back your sense of autonomy it's like oh okay. I want to do that now right. That's why you want to come to my. Next training give him a big round of applause.

So when you're building some of you are interested in writing copy okay. Build it in when you're doing your your patter your in your future pacing build it in building in their autonomy that they're that they have the choice that you can choose to do this we'll cement in the change okay. 22 okay. See where.

I'm at. Last reason people won't do this laziness and complacency it takes brain juice it takes hoot spun energy to actually exert influence you got to burn. Chi to get. Chi right.

This is the mo this is one of the reasons why people come to seminars they have amazing experiences they get on the plane and leave all the skills in the training room that's good right. Because when you go to a new location there's this this phenomenon we call context anchors your your sense of self your sense of identity is linked to your stuff that's objects relations. Theory 101 again your brain changes as the the objects in the room changes okay. So one of my trainers a very.

Infamous one used to say after a week of training with him go home and burn your stuff well most people won't do that. So just rearrange your furniture ever notice that you rearrange your furniture at home and all of a sudden life is different even though it's the same stuff just in different spots sure okay. Yes. Uh when.

I was a. Psychology major we actually heard a story about how that's uh relates to addicts and why. So many heroin addicts di if they use heroin in a chair that's not the usual one that they use their body doesn't prepare for that context and even the same am of the drug and kill them yep just because uh it's a different chair mhm context is power if you can control context you control pretty much everything else we are context driven creatures period okay. Which is why in many cases when.

I was field testing a lot of the things that we're learning. I would go to people who are. Master practitioners in. NLP.

Master hypnotist now just put the whammy on them outside of the treatment room outside of the seminar room they couldn't recognize the skills because they only learned them in a specific context it's why. I stopped training people with martial arts. Uniforms on because they take the belt off gotcha and their skill goes away that's why you go to you go to any hypnotist any any high level hypnosis trainer there's a few exceptions. But go test it go up to any highle hypnosis trainer outside of a seminar outside of their treatment room and ask them to hypnotize you notice how many of them actually do it because they can't because their skills are context driven.

I had. I literally had one guy hand me a check one day he's actually in my. First. Renegade hypnosis video he's an.

Asian guy and. I didn't know this at the time. But he comes up to me. I.

I just done a. Meetup and he comes up to me after the training and he says you're a very good hypnotist. I said thank you can you hypnotize me. I said sit down sleep boom.

I put him in a deep trance gave him all kinds of. Happy. Feelings he comes out of it goes and he signs up for my my my my hypnotherapy certification on the spot turns out he had gone to like every major hypnosis trainer in the. San.

Diego area when they were doing a. Meetup or something and said can you hypnotize me and none of them would do it and these people doing it you know been teaching hypnosis and certifying people longer than. I have. I've been teaching hypnotist for almost 15 years well closer to 12 years.

But. But. I've been teaching hypnotists not certifying them because when. I was started teaching everybody that came to me either had no.

Hypnosis training whatsoever or they had a ton of certifications and couldn't do a goddamn thing and. I for many years. I did not want to add to that mess. I would help you.

I would teach you. I would train you. I would give you a real skill set. But.

I wouldn't certify. I would make you functional and. Then about well. I guess it was 20 about 2010.

I met this guy named. James situ who you'll meet uh this. Saturday he'll be coming in to hang out. I call him my corporate seduction specialist.

But he's got a good head for business he's a he's a recruiter for. Fortune 100 500 companies he works with guys like. Bill. Gates.

Carl. Sean weird stuff. But high level guys and he uses his stuff professionally. So he's a good person to listen to if you got business applications in mind.

But he goes to me. David you need to start certifying people the people who coming through your masterminds are going getting certified by other people and teaching your stuff for other people and. I was like no. It's all right.

No. It's not all right. Because. James is very tribal you know he's like you you're loyal to your tribe and and that's just how it works.

So we went around for about close to a year and. I said all right. I'll start certifying people and. I guess about 2011 2012 uh.

I started actually certifying people in. CPI and. Then it start went to killer influence and. Then ultimately real world hypnosis or.

Renegade hypnosis. First. Then it changed it to real world hypnosis um and now we do certifications and we got. NLP.

SS we got all kinds of very application very practice driven uh skill intensive trainings that we do. But it's based on your ability to actually do the freaking work right. But it goes back to context most of our skills most of our personas that we walk around in are context driven. So part of your job is to recognize at any given moment who does the person need to be for them to make the decision.

I want them to make. Then the. Next question is who do. I have to be in order for you to be the person who makes the decision.

I want you to make and when you change you properly the other person has to change automatically or they leave either way problem solved yeah right. The person who holds the frame the longest and the strongest controls reality yes. We back to. State.

Control absolutely at the end of the day. State control how you control yourself the uneducated the uninformed they run around trying to control everybody else they get exhausted frustrated and broke the real ones the real power the real. Masters control themsel and everybody else around them changes okay. That being said uh how we doing on time.

I want to break us at at 12 we got about a half an hour. So. I guess we'll just we'll start with uh our. First state control exercise this technique is called.

Master and [Applause]. Commander many of you know it many of you do not. So the. First thing we need to understand about.

State control is. State. Control comes in two categories is there uh actually yes. If you go to.

CPI. State control that's a tab on your your thing okay. And. I will.

I do reserve the right. To skip around because as the dynamic of the group evolves. I see where we need to go if there's something that you specifically want me to cover write it down. So you don't forget it and make sure.

I get it and we'll find a way to work it in in a way that's relevant to the rest of the group do you have a question you're waving your glasses at me and it's very seductive and. I just wanted you to know that okay. Question yes. Been talking about controlling your state m talking about overcoming those things right.

Here that you're talking that we talk about well these are these are the categories of re of resistance that you're going to run into. So that in other people and in your yeah absolutely both. So. So the things that we're talking about is to because you because your premise is.

I have to change. First before. I change everything around or at least be willing to change or be willing to change yeah yeah. So that's what the the yeah everything we're doing you should be doing these things on yourself.

First. But ultimately everything that you're going to experience or every obstacle you're going to run into in terms of self-work you're going to have to manage another people or bypass right. But. So when you when you meet resistance and a lot of again environment and context will will be a major factor in how effective you are and what skills you bring to bear on a situation okay.

People who who view covert hypnosis as conversational hypnosis are going to be at a distinct disadvantage against you guys because you don't need your language you won't need it you'll understand proxemic hypnotic operators you'll understand uh kinesic hypnotic operators you'll understand haptics you'll understand object relations. Theory you'll understand color theory you'll understand cold reading you'll understand how to how to gain information and and and and. Link it together and position yourself these are all things that we're going to be be working together some will go deep dish into others will just kind of touch on okay. But they're all elements and phenomena that you can tap into to amplify what you do if all you have is language and you're in a noisy.

Club good luck right. In a noisy nightclub he do you know. Gary goes dancing a lot trust me there's loud music okay. His the primary keys to his success are not going to be linguistic there won't be you can't do subtle embedded commands in a noisy.

Club okay. But you can do a lot of kinesic things things that are behavioral rather than linguistic that position you mystery a very famous pickup artist is probably the best one of the best examples of somebody who uses behavioral hypnosis social hypnosis to create effects now any form of. Seduction is directly applicable to any other social interaction because seduction or the dance of intimacy. I call going from complete stranger to.

The. Mating process is the archetype of all social interaction it's just a question of degree and intensity okay. So many of the same par principles that we utilize in a dating or seduction context will carry directly over into a sales process into a therapy process some of my most powerful therapeutic techniques come from the deduction world because it's a hostile environment it's an environment where the people you're seeking to interact with the people you're seeking to influence a don't know what you're doing they don't have a vested interest in following along in many cases they're actively resisting because they have defense mechanisms up and you have to be successful you hone a technique in that environment you take it into any other environment where you have acquiescence you have compliance you have a desire it's easy easy okay. It's a very martial way of looking at influence.

But all all martial arts is is another form of communication yeah communication it's all it is and you have people pretty much okay. Neurologically when. I when. I touch you on a pressure point.

I'm sending information into the body that's telling it to do something okay. And it does that's communication. MH right. Huh everything we do from martial arts to hypnotherapy to sales and marketing is just communication which is actually just movement it just keep going up higher on levels of abstraction and all of a sudden you find the.

Connecting. Threads and. Then you can really start to play. But we get too abstract we wind up in the ozone right.

Remember at the end of the day if you can't apply it it's not worth it right. So we're not going to get we're going to give you. Theory. But it's really about application.

So what we're going to do now is we're going to begin to start talking about. State. Control we won't get all the way through it. But we will start to talk about.

State control from the world according to. David um we'll go into like one one like the. Master and. Commander technique which is our.

First experience with understanding and tapping into. State. Control we'll break for lunch we'll come back and we'll get deeper into advanced. State control and.

Rapport okay. Because remember is how we manage our body states that determine the amplitude and the strength of the signal that we send to another person's nervous system it's not just about. Rapport it's about how strong that signal is that we send and the fastest way to generate that is by changing our body. States okay.

So. First thing understand is. State. Control comes in two varieties.

State. Control one physiological volitional what do. I mean when. I say volitional willpower power there's a saying and a belief that you can't make people do things against their will that is a lie because that would imply that people actually had a will to resist most people do not especially in our modern times most people in order most people in order to muster any kind of will have to generate some kind of an emotional response anger desire arous some kind of emotional arousal in order to to express willpower okay.

Your willpower is not an abstract concept it's actually based on two physiological phenomena or nutrients blood sugar and sleep that's not command. I heard half the room going in. I was like oh that's not a command either. First book.

You want to get if you haven't got it already book. Called willpower by. Roy bow. Meister b a u m i s t r can you sp that one more time b a u m i s t e r bound.

Meister yes. B. Au. U.

I know okay. The book. Is called willpower and it's a study of this phenomena your willpower is based on the amount of blood sugar in your system and the amount of sleep that you've gotten you burn up. Willow units we'll call them self-regulating units you have a finite amount you burn burn them up every time you have to exert control over your emotional states or your.

Primal drives okay. This is why most diets fail when you run out of srus which are the functional units of your willpower you will default to hedonistic primal unconscious behaviors yep let's say. I am uh supremely gifted with 60 units of. SRU 60 units of willpower.

I have children which means. I am always depleted of srus at any given moment. But let's say for the for for all intents and purposes. I have 60 in my tank.

I get up as. I get up the. First thing. I notice is that my youngest daughter.

Sophia has crawled into bed with us and she snuggled up and. Then. I noticed the warm moist sensation spreading underneath me. S sru's gone.

I get up move my daughter all the while stuffing down the urge to throw her out the window another three units gone. I go when. I get changed and my middle child gets up and of course she doesn't want her sister big sister to dress her. So she throws her her morning tantrum and one of my biggest pet peeves is loud shrill noises that don't stop 15 srus gone.

I throttle the urg to throw yet another child into the garbage disposal we get the children ready. I have my breakfast. I get a few back. I get in the car.

I'm driving to the office. I'm on my diet. I ate good. I had my little protein thing good driving a pass by.

Crispy. Cream. I'm think well the nationalization. Factor kicks in.

I'm on a diet. But the guys at the office the guys at the training would probably enjoy those donuts. I'll live vicariously through them. I go in.

I order all my favorite doughnuts for you and. I have them in the seat and. I'm driving three sru's gone ring a bell. I get to the office.

I get to the training. I discover that. I. Mis.

I miscounted you know the number of books. I have or and. I've got like 15 extra books that. I spent 700 bucks to have made 8.

SRU is gone we go throughout the day and you know various things here and there the end of the day. I'm down to my. Last five or six srus. But.

I made it. I made it. I'm driving home some. Cuts me off four more.

SRU is gone right. So. I'm. I'm running on fumes now.

I'm like we're almost home. I get home. I walk in the door my lovely wife is waiting there with that look. On her face you know the look.

The look. That says. You. Dead.

Man. Walking right. Go you were supposed to pay. X.

Bill gone 5 minutes. Later. I'm in the refrigerator chugging down eating the cheesecake grabbing whatever pizza's left why. Dr.

I got to feel good. I got to get rid of this. I gotta. I gotta.

I got to get something back right. That's the. Human. Experience we burn up our srus every time we have to control ourselves anytime we have to exert emotional control okay.

Anytime we have to quiet a certain level of neurological arousal one of the fastest ways to override the critical factor is what intense emotion any form of emotion is neurological arousal the higher the level of arousal in the nervous system the faster your willpower checks out if. I can give you a sudden. Spike of adrenaline your conscious mind will just bail whether you have srus or not you'll just go overwhelm. But as your day becomes more taxing as you have to deal with more stuff you start to burn the tank at the end end of the day you get home there's nothing left unconscious drives kick in you start chugging the beers eating the cheesecake and watching internet porn whatever it is you do anything that gets you free anything that gives you some kind of pleasure hedonistic responses that relieves stress okay.

The caveat is willpower is the junk candy of the mind it's a fin resource and it will it will bail on you the moment the the the rotating the feal matter hits the rotating oscillator people that have what seem to be unusual high amounts of that uh whatever the willpower units is that genetic or is that. I each of us has. U some people seem to have a lot more than others yeah it's it's. Unique to each of you it can be trained.

Special. Forces people are trained to be operational in high stress that was my. Next question can you build up to where you're not waking up with 60 you're waking up with 80 yeah in fact. Bal.

Meister in his book. Actually. I think. I think he actually gives you some drills and things that you can do to start developing that martial arts is a good way to do it too you know because um as long as you're not doing the whole.

Bliss out thing right. Where you like you know you get on the treadmill put on your earphones and just pretend you're not doing anything you know being in it and being mindful is where you develop that willpower right. Because. I.

I've read some interesting things you can't really prove because there books in its history. But metaphysical books where people develop abilities to do things that you just go no. That's almost like superum you know that you could uh you know have that much influence uh do physical acts that are just you're just going that's way way beyond what. I've ever experienced anybody doing in my life.

Anyway or see people do things you will that's where you're going right. Especially if you hit vibrational influence in. October mhm you be a week yeah that's where this this is foundation training for it right. Right.

You have to have. State. Control you have to have uh uh demonstrated competency and self-guided transfer which most of you have done because you've been through my other trainings where you've done the timing and things like that to get really good at those kinds of things you must be good at trance the reason like a lot of these a lot of these courses on. Psychic skills and things like that are.

Hit or. Miss is because they don't spend enough time on actually drilling trance right. Trance is the fundamental skill whether you're doing martial arts meditation music art it's the trans states that you access and the and the function and the degree of functionality within those trans states that determine your level of success sorry go ahead uh. So is the level is the sovereignty that you move you by learning these skills is it more like not being in a.

Trans. State or just exerting conscious influence over trans. St you want to go into you're never not in a trance you're never not in a the question becomes it becomes being able to decide at any given moment what trance is appropriate and going into it has a choice and when you find yourself in a trance state by random due to. Randomness by default getting out of it.

So that could even be something as simple as like if you're angry taking 10 deep breaths yeah most people don't have that level of self-awareness and they can't and they can't control their state and this is why. I'm starting with volition. First because it's the one we want to rely on the least. But it's the one we do the most and it work and it fails the most your willpower will be the.

First thing to check out when you try to control your state okay. Because our emotional states are driven by our physiology not by our neocortex important to understand we work with the other 2/3 of the brain to control our state not the weak not the weak oneir okay. But we work with the body as well. So everything that we're dealing with and this is one of my big.

Concepts is this thing called feedback loops let's say. I have a problem with my liver okay. I have a sickness or a condition in my liver that. I need to get medicine for if.

I have a syringe full of medicine. I can inject it into my arm will it eventually get to my liver okay. If. I inject it into my leg will it eventually get to my liver if.

I inject it into my heart will it eventually get to my liver you don't stop your heart if. I inject it directly into my liver will will go to my liver most likely most likely what's the variable time how long it takes how long it takes everything in the body works on a feedback loop one of the most common ones we deal with in hypnosis the one we most often see is the. Mind. Body feedback loop right.

The. Mind affects the body the body affects the mind we imp a strong enough change in either one it will eventually affect the other can't not happen a similar feedback loop exists between your physiology in other words your posture and your emotions every emotional state that we generate has a corresponding physiology posture and breathing rate every physiology that we take on or assume creates a specific kind of emotional state. So we can use one to affect the other because most of what we do cognitively is generated organically in other words in the brain which is part of the body anything that starts in the body tends to have more push and amplitude than something we just do with our thought and try to reverse it the other way. So while you can affect the mind or affect the body using the mind it is actually much easier to affect the mind using the body that make sense the.

Mind. Body feedback loop is important there's another one that we use especially and we'll talk about it a lot. Later on about. Rapport and.

But here not know what. I mean when. I say. Rapport if you don't that's okay.

Because what we're going to talk about ain't your mama's. Rapport right. In. Rapport we have this concept we call pacing and leading when we.

Pace someone what we're basically doing is copying something that they're doing thinking or experiencing we're matching it or in some cases mirroring it. But we're we're identifying something about them and doing it too right. A lead is something we want somebody else to do experience blah blah blah okay. In the world of.

Rapport building and pacing and leading we have these two concepts called. Magic and bearing which. I've just touched on a little bit. Ed come on up here for a sec if.

Ed is standing a certain way he assumes a certain physiology okay. And. I do the exact same thing. I am matching.

Ed right. Let's say. Ed sticks his left hand in his ear and. I stick my right.

Hand in my ear right. I am now mirroring. Ed if. Ed were looking at his reflection in a mirror this is how he would see it he wouldn't see this he wouldn't right.

Unless he's taking some serious drugs or in trance or something right. So if. I do exactly what. Ed is doing his left hand is in his left ear my left hand is in my left ear.

I am matching him if. I create a mirror image of him. I am mirroring him right. Yeah thank you.

Ed what's the difference in the result the difference is that we have a my in my experience. NLP will tell you that there isn't one many ionians will tell you that there really isn't one they both work they do both work mirroring tends to be more powerful it signals sameness signal s when you mirror when you mirror somebody. Tad. James used to teach and.

I haven't heard anybody else say this. But. I found it to be relatively true that when you mirror somebody properly your voice tends to to sound like their internal dialogue and we never resist what we say to ourselves you ever notice that right. But this whole concept of pacing and leading and matching and mirroring the.

Masters will tell you that if you want to get rapport with somebody if you want to get rapport with somebody copy their gestures and you'll fall into. Rapport. But there's another school of thought that says no. No.

No. No. No. Matching and mirroring is what happens when you get.

Rapport you ever notice that when you just connect with somebody you just start doing what they do automatically mhm yes. And. So the two sides will sit there and argue with each other about who's right. Exactly the truth is both are true.

Rapport will generate matching and mirroring. But matching and mirroring can generate. Rapport. But that's not good enough for me okay.

Because the truth is. Rapport is going to happen. Anyway whether you match in mirror or not because we live in a physical universe and in that physical. Universe we have laws oops one of the primary laws of physics is is this principle we call entrainment.

Edward what is the law of entrainment it says that if uh you have a series of items that are moving in different rhythms that it will eventually become ritten exactly in other words if. I take a room full of clocks all with pendulums swinging at different rates and. I put them in a house all by themsel within a very short time all of the pendulums will start to swing together because they're made of molecules and anything made of molecules. I.E anything that moves has a frequency and all frequencies seek.

Harmony they seek synchronization what's the variable time time right. Just the fact that you're all in this room even though none of you are in the same physiologies you all have a deeper level of. Rapport than you did when you got in here because are you made of molecules. MH are you vibrating yep everything you're going to be praying with is based on the law of physics this is a really cool video you can see it these are 41 separate metronomes all moving at different rates they have no.

Nervous system they are machines they just do what they're told or do they yeah they lied to us doesn't take hours just under 5 minutes you just got to be a little patient it can't not happen you just got to feel when it does almost like got you again didn't. I because a trained nervous system can do it practically instantaneously yeah they can. But we're not trained most of us right. You train if only there was a way to do that that's where you're going you have to learn how to get back into your bodies you have to learn or in this case not learn.

But to remember the. First language you ever learned the language of the body the language of feelings that was your. First language it's what you communicated in the womb to. Mommy with it's that part of you that always seeks connection the part of you you've forgotten because the school system religion the government television movies books have taken your.

Minds somewhere else if you want to become more fully human you have to get back into your bodies you have to become more self-aware and when you do magic happens. But it's not magic exactly it's science because the most power powerful rhythmic. Source in the body is the human heart your heart in addition to being the most powerful rhythmic. Source in the body radiates an electromagnetic field 8T in diameter that can be measured with instruments from the body which means my heart radiates an energy field 8T in diameter.

Miguel's heart radiates an energy field 8 ft in diameter do they intersect anywhere yeah you beta 16t within 16 feet and that's if they're just alone in a real. But his energy field is touching. Mike's energy field. Mike's energy field is touching.

JJ's energy field. JJ's energy field is touching. Daniel's energy field you're all just little metronomes that's very cool sting a that concept when we pick it from just an entrainment principle into the field of organic interaction we call coherence it's a deeper level of. Rapport it's neurological your heartbeats can literally synchronize the thing you need to understand about the human heart is that it has its own internal nervous system it is autonomous it has a direct connection to the brain and it sends more information to the brain than the brain sends to the heart okay.

Not metaphysics. Neuroscience when they took. A boy and his a dog and his boy out to play and they had them strapped up to machines with 15 minutes their heartbeat synchronized not suggestion physics okay. If we can learn to interact with the system at the sematic and physiological level if we can learn to get back into our feelings and regulate the system we could influence anyone pretty much from anywhere okay.

Starts with how we use our bodies.
