Title: Unlimited Lover - Rapid Attraction Secrets
File Name: gjn8HIgWMiI.txt
Video Id: gjn8HIgWMiI
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjn8HIgWMiI

One minute in counting folks better grab your stuff get your your caffeinated drinks your oxytocin. Laden substances and of course things to write on and write with because the show's about to start hello hello hello my friends. Dr. David.

Snider checking in with you and. I am excited actually and maybe a little bit nervous to be honest uh to bring you uh something that to me goes back to my. Origins um. But at the same time is something that.

I haven't taught or or shared with people in a long long time tonight's program is called unlimited lover rapid attraction secrets for dating meeting and relating uh people have been asking me to revisit this material for a long time and. I've always been a little hesitant to to do that simply because um you never know who you're. G to piss off or who's going to get creeped out and file a complaint or or do whatever. So.

I decided because it is in fact leap year and in fact it is uh. Valentine's. Day week why not why not talk about one of the most important aspects of all of our lives and that's love dating attraction sexuality and things of that nature okay. So before we get into tonight's content if you are brand new to.

Planet. David and you're checking in with us please type in the chat where you're checking in from that you're a first-. Tim and please please please give us your name if you're a veteran if you've been. B bopping around.

Planet. David for an extended period of time type in your name how long you've been in plan a member of. Planet. David and uh where you checking in from now even though tonight's uh the title of tonight's seminar may seem to be something geared towards single people it does not have to be you don't have to be single to or even looking for for that matter to really benefit from this material this material is that.

I'm going to present to you tonight is timeless it won't matter what technolog is in play it won't matter what part of the world you're in more or less um these things are human attractor factors relationship factors things of that nature and. So they will translate if. I. I could be teaching this stuff in the 90s it would be cutting edge.

I could be teaching it in 2090 and it would still be cutting edge because it's about humans it's about how people work um in spite of what we were taught to believe and that's kind of one of the things that um. I'm gonna. I'm. G to present to you throughout the course of tonight.

So. I see a lot of people checking in and that's awesome. So before. I get into the content of tonight's webinar let me go through a few housekeeping rules.

First and foremost if this is your. First time checking in with us okay. And you're used to a 90minut uh tease tease tease uh buy my product buy my product uh format uh you're probably in for a little bit of a shock. First and foremost um we do what we call a three phase or a long a free form webinar and it's divided into three phases the.

First phase is foundations phase these are the things that you absolutely need to know uh to be able to do anything that we're going to be teaching you about or do any of the techniques we're going to be visiting in phase three which. I'll get to in just a moment. So the found. First phase is foundations phase there's always an offer connected to all of our webinars there's always a plan.

B which is what we're going to talk about when we get to phase two phase two is where we talk about how to get access to the entire system that contains the the gold nuggets that. I'm going to share with you tonight and those gold nuggets tonight are going to be things that you don't have to have the whole system to go out and do you can take these out and you can start applying them in the field tonight and see massive massive transformations in your ability to date made and relate with people okay. Uh and these are things that will pay dividends not just in your your sexual dating or romantic life. These are skills that will translate into any form of human interaction right.

Whether it's one-on-one in person whether it's through a zoom call a chat a text message a phone conversation it doesn't matter if humans are involved these techniques will work for you we don't we don't waste time on low percentage technique um. I don't have time for. BS and. I'm pretty sure you don't either.

So phase two is all about taking your steps to the. Next level if you've liked what you've learned if you see how that can be how it's benefiting you and you're having those experiences. Then you're going to want to pay attention to what we're going to be telling you to do in uh phase two phase three is where your education and your training continues phase three is what we call the customization phase phase three is where. I take the content and the syllabi that.

I've created for tonight and. I poll you guys as a group uh to find out what applications do you want to know more about what specific techniques from my massive tool collection uh do you guys want to focus in on to get results out in the real world starting tonight if that's something you want to do. So phase one is foundations phase two is. Next steps phase three is customization and education and implementation.

So that's where we really start to make this webinar your webinar right. This is your class. I don't. I don't use these webinars as an opportunity to promote products what.

I do is. I. I. I see them as an opportunity to get to know you to help you solve some problems and show you where to go uh for.

Next steps because if this is the scope of everything there is to learn in the field of dating mating and relating right. In in a three-hour webinar we have maybe time for this. So my commitment to you is. I will take you as far as.

I can down this amazingly diverse. Rabbit. Hole as. I can.

I will show you everything. I can teach you as much as humanly possible in the time that we have and. I'll point you in the direction of where to go to take the. Next steps is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade please type.

I'm good with that or that's fair in the chat. I'm 80 are you going to take my ledge card away no. But. I'll probably get you an upgrade right.

Okay. Sharon says that's good cool yeah nothing um again the technique this is again one of the reasons that. I'm always hesitant to to teach these things is because uh again it's a very sensitive topic for a lot of people and. So um yeah you know what let's just go let's just get started.

But before we as we get into tonight's uh content if there was something specific that you logged on to tonight webinar to get the answer to take a moment type that in the chat right. Now um and let me know because. Then. I can.

I can start customizing even now because. I have a ton of material for tonight and. I know exactly where. I intend to go.

But many times where. I intend to go is not where the the audience wants. So what is it you most want to know about what's your you know when you logged on to n webinar what application or what question or what how-to did you want the answer to the most just type that in the chat for those of you joining us through. YouTube.

God bless you. I love you um. I see your chats in real time. But.

I don't necessarily see um answer your questions through the video in real time. So let's see um is there a way to recognize your soulmate yes. And no. Um because you have have to.

Define what a soulmate is. But that's a great question um. First and all in order to recognize your soulmate you have to know what what is your definition of a soulmate and what what fulfills you and what challenges you these are questions that everybody wants to know about and depending on what what culture you come from soulmates can mean different things right. Uh becoming sexually desirable where women will see me as their soulmate okay.

The part of me that goes [ __ ] it. I don't know what that means that's not a question okay. All right. Um couple other things uh before we get into this if you have questions tonight you have three ways to get your questions answered a uh type your questions in the chat if.

I see them and they're relevant to where we are in the uh the focus of tonight's webinar. Then. I'm happy to answer those uh if for some reason. I'm.

G to think. I think it's going to take us down a rabbit hole that's going to move us away from tonight's content. Then. I'm going to.

Def uh decline to answer that question during the webinar. But if you type that question in the comment section below the replay of tonight's webinar on. YouTube or on our website. I go.

I make it a practice of going back and uh answering all those comments and opinions uh on there okay. Uh if. Veterans of. Planet.

David see a question in the chat that you have direct experience solving using our. Technologies feel free to answer that answer that question for people okay. Okay. Becoming sexually desirable the part of me that goes.

I want to recognize through part of me that does not like and won't let me find out okay. All right. So. I see where we're going.

So let's start with actually uh some of the things. I said on our slide tonight. So tonight in tonight's webinar. I'm going to show you what.

I considered to be the big picture on dating mating and related. I'm going to walk you step by step through the two most fundamental aspects of. Attraction now when. I talk about attraction um a lot of people like to use the word seduction and.

I. I'll tell you right. Now that. I'm not a big fan of that word and.

I and. I'll share with you uh why that is really really quickly um if you look. At. I got a combination of let me share my screen really quick.

So these are um some definitions. I pulled off of chat. G well one definition was one. I pulled off of jat.

GTP other was from. Websters now one of the reasons that you won't see me talking a lot about the swword in these trainings is is because of this says seduction is the act of making someone want to engage in sexual activity with you especially in a subtle or manipulative way seduction is commonly used in a more. General meaning the act of tempting or influencing someone to do something especially something bad or something they wouldn't normally do though this sense of the word does not involve sex it's still often thought of as a metaphor for the type of. Seduction.

That does as opposed to attraction in the context of. Human. Relationships attraction often implies a sense of appeal or interest that one person feels towards another which can be based on physical appearance personality traits similar interests or other factors that. Foster a connection or a desire for closeness now one of the things you're going to learn if you spend any amount of time in.

Planet. David is that when. I teach about language and the power of language and. I.

I'll give you my my credentials in a minute just. So you know. I'm not foolish yet uh one of the things you're going to learn about is that when you hear a word there are three ways to interpret a word the. First one is the dictionary definition right.

If you go to. Websters you go to um what other whatever other dictionaries are out there and you look. Up a word there's a there's a common uh a definition for that. Then there's common modern usage.

So like for example uh if. I say hey you're looking fat today right. If. IID have said that 50 years ago.

I'd got kicked into groin because they would have they would have confused fat with ph a right. Fat pretty hot and tenting right. Different usage of the word fat right. Cool 24 50 60 70 80 years ago that would have meant cold now it means awesome right.

So that's common usage. But there's another meaning that human beings assign to words and this this is why the words that you use or the labels you assign to certain types of things are. So important and that is called what. I have come to call.

The. Meta message now the meta message is a visceral gut feeling that people get when they hear a certain word or certain kind of word. So for example how many of you just check in with your body right. Now and.

I want you to check in and. I want you to just notice how you feel now notice what happens when. I say the word influence just check in notice how that feels for you where in your body you feel it right. Now check in with your body as.

I say the word persuasion or persuade how do you feel when. I when. I say that word just not note how they're different if they are for yourself now what happens when. I say the word manipulation or to manipulate what happens do you get a good feeling in your body or not.

So good feeling in your body yuck right. Okay. Now why is this important because the body feelings a person has when they interact with you will go right. To a part of their brain called the reticular activating system that reticular activating system will pay attention to those body feelings and it will put a bunch of filters in your mind that cause you to see the world a very specific way.

So when you hear the words like seduction which some people view as a cool. Power word right. Other people view it as enticing somebody to do something that's not in their best interests because that's what. I feel about that word even though it's a great word for marketing it's a horrible word for you to be able for for many people like me or people who have a strong sense of of being the good guy if that makes any kind of sense um it makes you feel a little slimy because it it implies even if it's not quite true it implies that you're enticing somebody to do something that's not in their best interest and as you're going to see as we go through the content of tonight's webinar tonight's class really when you enter a relationship or an interaction with any human being and.

I know this is going to sound weird and. I should warn you right. Off the right. Off the bat.

I'm going to warn you right. Off the bat that uh if. Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing uh the word boobies offends you uh this is probably not the best use of the.

Next two and a half to three hours. But if you're looking for real world hardcore actionable methodologies and understandings of this very for many people complicated topic. I invite you to put your skepticism or your your inhibitions on the. Shelf.

So to speak and just explore this with me by the way if something. I do say creates an emotional response if it triggers you emotionally in some way. I want you to point to where you feel that and write down where what you felt on a piece of paper. So that you can go back and clean that up.

Later because if something. I say provokes you emotionally especially with regard to this topic it's probably something that's holding you back out in the relationship world does that make sense if you're if you if you understand where. I'm at right. Now um go ahead and just type.

I'm with you in the chat cool all right. Very good all right. So um let me just for those of you who are brand new to. Planet.

David let me just go through uh some of my background with this and uh understand the evolution of where we're going tonight. So. First and for foremost um. I actually am a doctor.

I'm. I have a doctor at in. Chinese acupuncture in. Oriental medicine.

I've been uh. I've had a practice here in salana. Beach since 2005 where my specialty has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotions. So while some people treat you know phobia.

I. I've did a lot of phobia work too. But while a lot of people are dealing with um nail biting and social anxiety and things of that nature. I'm dealing with really deep intense repressed emotions things that cause cancer multiple sclerosis.

Parkinson. I've dealt with any for every form of trauma you can think about huge amount of trauma work in my practice and a lot of it is sexual trauma right. Um and and that's one of the reasons why. I know what.

I'm talking about when. I start talking about the words that we use and and the things that we want and the things that get creepy and stuff like that. I get that right. I totally do.

So how can we navigate this particular field and stay safe make sure we're not dating the same person with a different face all the time anybody know what. I'm talking about type that in the chat if you know what. I'm talking about same person different face right. The face changes the behaviors remain the same right.

We're going to talk in depth about that stuff okay. But. I want to have fun with this and this is the. First thing that um.

I want to share with you is that much of the technologies that. I've been teaching for the. Last 10 15 20 years started from a dating romantic application context that's actually where. I got my start was in the sexuality field the very.

First course that. I ever created which we're actually going to teach you about a little bit in this class was a program called secret orgasm tips and it was a it was a program designed to teach anyone how to be their partner's ideal lover the very. First time they were together even if that person has never you've never had sex with that person ever it was one of the most powerful programs. I ever created it was a best-selling program on.

ClickBank for many many years uh in fact it still sells to this day even though. I don't. I don't promote it or. Advertiser okay.

Um we're going to be talking to you about why it was such why it was such a powerful product why it was. So. Timeless okay. And how you can begin to use some of these same principles to.

Custom. Design and engineer your relationships from introduction through the mating and courtship process to the. I do process and on into. Infinity the systems that we're going to be sharing with you will help you at every stage of your relationship sh have and mating.

Dynamic okay. But. I will tell you right. Up front that some of the things.

I'm going to share with you are may may may go against what you've been taught which is one of the problems okay. So. I'm going to teach you in the time that we have together how to attract anyone you want or at least become significantly more attractive to anyone you meet in as little as 20 minutes. I'm going to share with you how to approach and talk to anyone any time anywhere under any circumstances and have that person believe you are the most fascinating conversational they've ever met in the process of that you will be finding out more and more information about that person that lets them know that lets you know if they're the right.

Person or the hell no. Person or somewhere in between right. We're going to teach you how to spot the body language of. Attraction how do you know when you're interacting with a human being especially someone that you're interested in and one of someone who's checking the boxes for you how do you know when they're attracted to you right.

How do how do you read that right. We're going to talk about how to find the right. Partners for you some people were asking about soulmates earlier right. The thing you need to understand about soulmates is soulmates mean different things to different people you can't find a soulmate until you know who you are what you want and how you know that you're getting it in fact that that that particular topic is.

So important and. So. So pervasive that we actually dedicated an entire program to it we created a whole program called soulmate secrets that we we've taught twice to a packed house each time and it goes it it it starts to give you access and understanding of things you don't even think about when it comes to uh dating mating and relating right. Uh.

I want to teach you in very broad. Strokes no. Pun intended how to be your partner's greatest lover would that be would that be something that um might be useful to like when you're with that that person that's special to you right. For.

However long that is right. To just be able to rock their world and keep rocking it would that be something that people would want to know about. So let me ask you another question. Then what if you could become not only the greatest lover that your partn ever had what if you could become the greatest lover your partner ever will have think about that for a moment what if you could become the greatest lover your partner ever will have would you be interested in finding out how that works or what how that can be done yes.

Or no. Right. I mean think about it what if every time for some reason you guys went your separate ways what if every time they looked at another person all they thought of was you. I like.

Ken says. I like how that sounds right. You can do that it's doable poor guy right. Look.

What if you how about we just learn how to dump all of our emotional baggage. So we don't bring it from one relationship to the. Next would that be something you guys are be interested in learning about yes. Or yes.

Hell yes. Right. Okay. What about how to become more confident and in that in that you can actually keep the partners you want to keep and avoid the partners you don't would that be helpful.

Sharon says oh hell yes. On the confidence confidence is going to be a byproduct of this train okay. Why because confidence comes with taking action action comes from knowing what the hell you're doing right. That's how confidence works you have to take an action before the confidence comes okay.

So um oops let me just uh jump through this. So in addition to having a private practice right. I've also authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence in fact for the. Last five or six years.

I've been ranked the number among the top two. NLP trainers in the world uh by global gurus. Org the some of the material you're going to be working with tonight is part of my killer influence program and attraction. Mastery programs which have been ranked as uh dark arts and uh killer influence have been ranked as the number one.

NLP training programs in the world for the past four years. So you're going to be learning a lot of cool stuff tonight some of it may be familiar. But necess. But we're going to be learning it in a slightly different context okay.

Um. I've also got multiple black degrees in the black belts and the martial arts. I'm working on more energy healing credentials and. McDonald sales hamburgers um.

So let's talk about some really important stuff um. I'm going to go to my my. PowerPoint here just because. I want you to uh follow along.

So when we talk about attraction. I want to talk. I'm gonna here's some things. I want to go over with you okay.

So. I want to talk about the ugly truth about attraction why modern dating and mating is rigged for failure why if you treat dating mating and relating like a game you will. Master it faster easier and me more and be more fulfilled as a result right. I want you to understand the elements of.

Attraction and relationships nobody told you about even if they and even if they did why most people fail uh understanding the elements of traction and how to create and manage and control them and as you can see. I've got a whole lot more here some other things. I want to show you about and. I've talked to you about how to stop dating the same person with a different face how to understand dating mating and relating.

Dynamics uh how to create deeper levels of trust. Comfort intimacy and connection how to cheat proof your relationships and like. I said before uh be the best lover your partner's ever had uh get rid of emotional baggage approaching dating and meeting with zero confident with confidence and and zero fear overcome fear of rejection manage relationships and much more. So the.

First thing. I want you to talk. I want to talk to you about is that dating has two aspects it has inner game and outer game. So these are the places that we're going to start.

So the. First thing if you've ever seen my how many people here are familiar with something. I call the. CPI model anybody type in the chat.

Universal persuasion protocol okay. So the. First thing you need to understand is when you enter any form of influence interaction you got to know what you want you got to know what you want you got to know how you're getting it this leads us to the two big aspects of dating and and and and relational influence if that makes sense you have inner game and outer game inner game is what you know inner game is who you are inside what your values are how you your understanding of of social dynamics of relationship ship dynamics of how human beings work of the natural phases that that arise as a product of interacting with people okay. That's inner game there's a lot of inner game if you want to be successful um at dating mating and relating.

Then this is how it works okay. So we got to get our heads right. One of the things. I learned many many years ago when.

I was. I was training in knife fighting uh in uh uh. South. South.

Florida my teacher was teaching out of a police academy and um we were in the in the gymnasium and right. Across the hall was the locker room to the the police locker room and right. Above the uh the doorway was a little sign and you know what it said get your head right. Get your head right.

What does that mean that means you got to know know your stuff you got to control your state you got to be able to get rapport with people you got to know how that works you've got to know what you're looking for know what you're listening for to know what's what's a hell yes. Versus a hell know right. You've got to profile the people you want to attract that's something that a lot of people hesitate to do a lot of people and again you may be one of these people. I'm not trying to offend you.

But there's a lot of us that go through the world when. I meet the perfect person. I'll know that's what everybody who came to soulmate secret said until. I asked him to write down what they wanted in a partner and most of them took.

An hour to start writing because they thought they knew. But they don't. So the. First thing that has to happen is aside from understanding relational.

Dynamics especially for those of you who are looking for a long-term relationship okay. How many of you are looking for a long-term relationship or. Mr or. Mrs.

Right. Right. Type it in the chat. Mary okay.

Kenneth. I am all right. How many of you. I know this is you're going to be brave to do this one how many of you are looking for a.

Mr or. Mrs. Right. Now in other words just someone to to have some fun with and is saying yes.

Right. Look. Here's the thing for those of you who are soulmate or. Later right.

Okay. Here's the thing you guys all need to understand okay. Those of you who are on who came on this webinar looking for a long-term relationship okay. Here's something you may not have thought about this is one of the reasons.

I say you need to make a game out of this all long-term relationships started out as a short-term relationship every single one every long-term relationship started out as a short-term relationship and. Then as it became more fulfilling for both parties it became longer true not true true not true and you says [ __ ] yeah [ __ ] yeah. Zachary says true we're the ladies come on ladies true take one date yeah exactly now here's the thing. I know.

I got a lot of response from people when. I started talking about the. SW word right. Sex not seduction s sex right.

The thing we need to understand is that you both men and women and. I don't care what your gender preference is that's not that's not what this is about men and women both want the same things they really do they just tend to want them in a different order and they use slightly different words for the same thing right. So in general because of of women's biological programming the scripts that they're running things of that nature they're seeking intimacy trust and connection. First well actually it's not.

First we'll talk about that in a minute and. Then the sex comes men are generally looking for. Connection in sex and. Then the intimacy comes after now one of the reasons that.

I. I when. I when. I used to teach a lot on attraction and dating.

I would. I would always try to have a co-ed audience for a couple of reasons a it was high it was high comedy for me listening to each of the genders regardless of their orientation describe their map of the world right. And the look. Of horror on the other gender face when they realized how their behaviors were being interpreted we need as as conscious humans regardless of what your intention is for learning these skills we need as as conscious human beings to understand how to bridge the definitions from one side to the other.

So that both genders both orientations understand how to interpret what the other people are doing that was one of the biggest things that made secret orgasm tip such a great success because the secret to making any form of. Attraction work is being able to pay attention to what the partner is doing and being able to calibrate if they're if what you're doing is moving them towards intimacy and connection or away from it okay. Now the intim. I saw some response on the intimacy word okay.

The difference between sexual intimacy and emot emotional intimacy is that it's about being able to open up feel vulnerable seen and heard it's about knowing that this per you can open up to this person and share your deepest most uh personal thoughts and it'll be okay. Right. That's what the average woman is look. It's trust a.

Maran is saying right. It's that trust idea now this is where a lot of very uh successful women often have trouble um um or very enthusiastic women often have trouble in dating because when they get out on a date and they see someone who checks the boxes for them the. First thing they do is they they open up the floodgates they just dump their life story you just want to you just want to tell them everything about yourself because you you want. So badly for them to know you true not true guys folks true not true right.

Now here's the thing you need to understand for most guys because their order of priority is different that level of intimacy that quickly is like sipping from a fire hose and. So within 10 or 15 minutes you're just wanting to get open things up and get to know them and and move the the relationship along he's thinking you want to get married and that's why a lot of times you don't hear from him again right. But guys have a little bit of a different problem they're. So busy trying to impress you they're.

So busy trying to impress you that all they do is talk about themselves and. So within 10 15 20 minutes you're bored off your ass because they haven't asked you a single question about you except to like top you it's almost like a competition and. So by you know 30 minutes into your into your into your date and again if. I'm if.

I'm if. I'm not hitting it right. Let me know within 10 30 minutes a day you're like okay. When's my bailout call coming.

I'll ring ring up oh hey. I gotta run. I'm sorry. I have to cut the date short my parakeet's having an existential crisis.

But we'll talk again right. Sound familiar yes. Or yes. Matthew's saying yes.

Jax is saying yes. Anybody else am. I talking to like nobody what. I've done that.

Jack says me assist too familiar right. Not experienced that yet been a while okay. All right. So what if there was a way to get people to just open up and share the most important aspects of their life with you takes know what take the burden of the conversation off how many of you have trouble like keeping conversations going or hate.

Small. Talk anybody okay. So what if there was a way for us to begin to create these powerful intense conversations that just open up the floodgates of intimacy create trust comfort and connection allows both parties to get to know each other in a very powerful very fulfilling way and within 20 minutes or. So have this this intense level of trust empathy and connection um.

So you know right. Away if this person's would that be nice we're. GNA do that we're going to learn that today okay. It's called the three magic questions protocol okay.

And if you if you m and you just get the rudiments of it you'll be able to open up conversation anyone with anyone anytime anywhere 80% of the talking will be done by the other person and they'll think you're the most fascinating person they've ever met is that a good place to be yes. Or no. Cool all right. So three three magic questions protocol is something we call outer game.

So when we talk about inner game we're talking about who we are what we want what our rules are right. Our understanding of relationships and social dynamics right. That's all inner game and we have to have that right. Because if we don't have that it's going to be very hard to use techniques and that's.

I'm want to bring this back to the loop. I opened earlier many people go through the world thinking that the soulmate they get or um the partners they meet is is some aspect of. Destiny and if if that's what you believe this will work for you too. But one of the things.

I want you to understand is that many people go through the world with the erroneous belief that if they have to do something or they have to engineer aspects of their relationship that somehow that relationship isn't real you know what. I'm saying if. I have to do these techniques to get this person or to stay with this person. Then it.

Then it can't be a real relationship because. I had to do things to engineering anybody ever. Jake says. I feel that right.

Here's the thing we need to understand let's let's put let's take that idea and the reason. I'm bringing this up is because a lot of people b a lot of books on relationships that have a lot of techniques in them and they still don't use them why because people feel especially in this context this is why you got to really pay attention there you there there are things you don't know and there methodologies for everything. But we feel like it should things should just flow well let's take that and apply it to baking a cake. I put all the ingredients on the countertop throw them all in a pan throw them in the oven turn the oven.

I'll say well if it's meant to be it'll happen would you do that or or would you get out a recipe maybe compare recipes and measure out each component in the right. Order put it in and get the cake you want. But you see the the former example is what most people do when it comes to finding a partner especially long-term. Partners they think well if it's not you know if if it's meant to be it'll happen yes.

And no. One of the things that that we know about from. Law of. Attraction and from various forms of manifestation training is that the more you you're clear on what you want and how you know you're getting it the easier it is for your system to put you in the situations circumstances and events that lead to finding the right.

Partner now once you're in that place how do you signal that you're available how do you signal or attract the person who catches your interest to find out if they're actually as good beneath the the surface as they appear above the surface that's outer game right. You need techniques for that you need techniques. So there's two aspects to what we're going to talk about today we're going to talk about inner game we're going to talk about outer game. I want to share with you something we call the mating dance this goes to the how do you know question how do you know when somebody is attracted to you.

So let me uh let me go back to my my uh my one note really quick. So you can you might want to take a screenshot of some of these things. So this is outer game. So the.

First thing that we're going to talk about is understanding the body language of. Attraction okay. We're going to talk about physiology and why that's important we're going to talk about gestural alphabets proxemic alphabets and what we call tells and indicators of. Interest these are things that you look.

For or that become apparent in your awareness that let you know somebody's interested in you or that you can use to let people know that you're interested in them the. Next thing we need to talk about is how to control your state and this is actually why everyone's dating profile is a lie now. I know that's very provocative thing to say. So let's talk about that for a moment shall we how many people here have ever used an online dating profile anybody type it in the chat right.

Okay. So maybe you've gone to match.com or plenty of fish or whatever it is you pull someone up who's who looks whose picture looks interesting and you're you're reading the thing. I want someone who is brave loyal courteous kind. Thrifty and obedient right.

And. So you're automatically looking for a [ __ ]. Boy. Scout right.

Loves drinks red wine. Must. Love. Dogs right.

Here's what. I'm telling you now we all know that people sometimes. Photoshop themselves or put pictures of themselves online that may not quite represent how they currently are are that's not what. I'm talking about.

I'm talking about the copy that they write here's the thing you need to understand no. Matter what laundry list of qualities and attributes they listing male or female doesn't really matter none of that becomes true none of that becomes useful until one element is satisfied they're having fun with you if they're not having fun with you nothing else matters controlling your state moving through the world being in a fun playful curious explorational adventurous state is the fastest most powerful way to become irresistibly attractive to anyone you want okay. It's about your state it's about your inner game it's about getting your head and your heart right. So how do you do that there's two ways you there's super two super cool ways that you can control control your state control your posture control your breathing right.

If you try to think your way into a positive. State you're going to burn up all of your srus and all your blood sugar and you're going to wind up mentally tired. But if you change your posture and change your breathing you'll go into a fun playful explorational. State you have to focus on you have to take sex off the table you have to take the.

Quest for intimacy off the table you have to focus on fun fun. First if you if you focus on the fun people are going to open up very very powerfully very very quickly and you'll enjoy dating more right. The biggest problem that we have when it comes to going up and and interacting with people is a we're already running movies in our head that they're going to reject us right. For most guys when they see this is what you know um.

I don't know if you can see my whole body. I. I'll just expand my my window a little bit um. I teach a lot of hypnosis classes and when.

I see when. I see uh guys getting ready to approach someone they're attracted to it's like somebody getting just psyching thems up to do an instant induction looks like this she doesn't like me. Anyway right. Um.

So what's literally happening is they have to psych themselves up and. Then the movies the shitty movies are running in their head too and they start and. Then the movie comes and they say oh these are just going to reject me. So.

I'm going bother approaching they've literally rejected themselves before they've entered the conversation now that's not a that's not an issue that most females experience it's it's almost exclusively a male thing that in my experience women are a little bit worried about see. Jon is like huh how's that that's that's that's that's the average inner inner game work for the average male most women especially and and most women get approached even if you're not super attractive you get approached a stupid amount of time times every day by men who say the exact same thing over and over and over again the problem that most ladies have that have talked to me is that it's not that they're afraid you'll approach it's that they're afraid you won't get the hint that they're not interested and just keep [ __ ] talking right. They're afraid you won't go away. So their problem isn't getting into conversations or their their their worry isn't getting into conversations it's getting out ladies would would you say that's true without without lapsing into [ __ ] mode how do you how do you politely extract yourself from that intervention or that interaction without becoming the ice queen yeah exactly this is the problem this is again see most most women when.

I when. I talk about and again it may have been changed in the. Last few years since. I've.

I've uh you know. I've taught this material. But when. I was really actively you know working in this field women had no.

Clue that men were more afraid of being rejected than than anything else and men had no. Clue that there was a problem they just thought all women were [ __ ] right. They didn't realiz that by the time most women hit the ice queen or [ __ ] mode you've exhausted every single subtle way you know to signal that person the conversation's over right. I.

I make a joke and a lot of times when. I when. I teach this class it sounds like. I'm bagging on men and.

I'm not. I'm trying to educate them. But. I want to do it in a fun playful way uh because it's the subtleties it's the subtleties that men that escape most men without training right.

Um there's a gap in female socialization they have uh most women generate signals that are only perceptible by other women right. You could be you could be one guy standing in a in a group of of women right. And at some imperceptible subliminal message or signal every woman in that group knows the con conversation is over and they're gone and our hapless hero is like well [ __ ]. I'm alone how did that happen right.

Why it's because the. S the signals that are the body language signals the social cues that are obvious to women are far too subtle for the average male who doesn't have training either by through experience or through an actual course it's not your fault guys men it's not your fault ladies it's not your fault the game is rigged right. It's not your fault that that that these things are happening. But it is your responsibility for cleaning it up okay.

So. I over the course of like an attraction. Mastery. I'm constantly teaching women how to put in the middle ground where you've got subtle subtle subtle perceptible [ __ ] mode right.

Sometimes you need to go into [ __ ] mode to get people to go away. But if there were ways to end the conversation with and still preserve the approachers um self-esteem wouldn't that be a better way to do things true true or not true okay. So that's some of the things that we help to teach women uh in attraction. Mastery one of the things we need to do for men is we need to have them be able to understand subtle body language cues and be able to generate a conversation and understand where they're at in that intervention okay.

We also need them to understand that most women actually don't mind being approached as long as the person uh who is doing the approaching is is more socially aware and. Adept we tend to be we tend to like people who kind of demonstrate a more a stronger awareness of social dynamics and. Body. Language cues and if they're fun absolutely.

Sharon and that's the whole point that started this whole this whole round of of focus with me is that if the people you're interacting with aren't having a good time. Then they are going to look. For ways to exit the interaction hold on a. Second my lighting is getting really weird.

So. I want to fix this this is weird is that oh wait maybe my maybe it's my window okay. That's better that was the light from the window was messing with my uh was messing with my filter. Anyway.

So has this is this helpful. So far. I mean is this giving you guys food for thought right. You see there's a lot of different things at play.

But you see each side is moving through the world projecting their inner reality onto everyone around us every woman in the planet is moving through the world projecting their lexicon of body language cues social sensitivities things of that nature onto every male and assuming that the way that they're they do things and the way they become aware of things is the way that men do and they make. Men wrong because they don't operate from that same system. But men do the same thing men move through the world thinking that what another guy would think is subtle and cool is how a woman would think things are subtle and cool and less aggressive. So you're both doing the same process it's called projection okay.

It's called projection how many people know what projection is if you don't you should look. It up okay. Because 90% of your success in relationship will be about managing projection yours and your partners projection is a phenomena that we're all going to do because you're learning about projection. From the.

Inside. Out you will now have an ability to manage it better than 99.99% of the people you interact with unless they've had this training if you want to become the greatest lover any partner's ever had you just have to master projection if you want to be the most attractive charismatic um fascinating person a person's ever met you just have to master projection okay. It starts with you though. But the thing is you don't want to be charismatic or or.

Ultra attractive to just anyone you want to be attractive to the people you choose to attract uh one of the more famous pickup artists of of my time was a guy named. Evan. Pagan. I'm sorry.

David d'angel also known as. Evan. Pagan he teaches a lot of uh internet marketing and coaching and stuff. But he started in the dating and attraction niches and he said something very very important that.

I think is true needs an addendum. But. I think it's important for all of you to understand he said attraction is not a choice okay. Most people.

I say most don't wake up and say. I'm going to be attracted to that person right. There right. And all of a sudden they are right.

Most of us are just moving through the world minding our own business someone comes across our radar it's like oh my. God right. And you just focused on that person and you just can't stop thinking about them and finding as many reasons as you can to get their attention and spend time right. How many how for how many is that true would you say that's your experience haven't had an.

OMG moment in a while well we can fix that yeah right. Attraction is not a choice and that's true enough to be true. However being attractive and attracting other people is a choice being able to attract other people that is a choice you can choose who you seek to attract and have a good chance of succeeding if you understand a few basic principles. First of all you got to get your inner game right.

You got to get rid of your baggage you got to understand the psychology of. Attraction and how it works you got to understand this the phases that people go through from stranger to connection to intimacy right. You've got to be able to apply that to the outer game of. Attraction which are the specific techniques at the specific phases of the relationship interaction or the relating interaction that move you from stranger to comfort to connection to intimacy to arousal to desire and arousal and.

Then consummation you need to understand that process and understand it's not always linear right. But if you understand a few basic ideas you can navigate that much more e effortlessly and efficient efficiently um is that useful okay. How about our. YouTubers are.

Youtubers with us here or not. I don't know if we still have a loss of connection okay. Okay. So uh let's talk about something we're going to cover in part three uh this is what they call the psychology of.

Attraction there are five phases to the psychology of attra actually let's talk about the mating dance. First now let's talk about psychology of. Attraction um. So.

First and foremost um there are five phases or five aspects to the psychology of. Attraction. First one is you you've got to get their attention okay. To do that you've got to be somebody or you've got to project an aspect of yourself that will cause them to orient on you right.

You have to profile who you want to attract in other words you have to look. At okay. Who am. I what are my beliefs what are my values what is my love language what is my attachment style right.

What are the things. I love to do what are the things. I'm passionate about what are things. I hate where do.

I like to hang out right. All you have to factor in all these things if you want to create what. I call your ideal partner template now depending on whether you're looking for a short-term relationship or something longterm the the robustness of that that profile may be very small or it may be very very extensive we cover this in depth in soulmate secrets we want to know what we want from relationship how we know we're getting it and. Then we have to think about okay.

Who is my ideal partner profile what is my ideal partner template right. You can't begin to create that really until you know who you are and what you want. So this is something we spend a lot of time on um in the uh in the soulmate. Secrets course right.

Uh we call it the life values inventory it's something you really need to understand and the way we start to create this is if. I were going to be by myself if. I were gonna be solo the rest of my life how would. I what kind of life would.

I want to have that would be the most fulfilling thrilling and satisfying lifestyle you possible that. I wouldn't it wouldn't matter if. I had a partner or not. I'd still have the best life imaginable that's where you start now why is that it's because when you can create a life plan or an a profile that that encompasses that the people that you attract into your life will tend to mirror that vibration in those behaviors and.

So what you'll get is is you'll get a relationship based on mutual attraction trust and connection rather than codependency most people look. Through the move through the world looking for somebody to complete them somebody to make all their [ __ ] better right. And. So you wind up being a therapist or or this this victim savior relationship which nobody really wants.

But most people wind up into some way right. So the. First thing that has to happen is you have to create a life that's just plain awesome as if you're going to doing it by yourself and this begins this again brings us to an aspect of in that we need to talk about which is scarcity and value you have to remember that the more value you place on something and the scarce actually let me let me rephrase that the easier something is to get the less value it has in your life okay. This is something you're going to see in marketing all the time right.

The less the less a person has to work to get it the less they value it and. I know. I know none of you would ever do this. But how many how many times have you gone on gone on a file share downloaded a ton of stuff and you haven't looked at it yet it's still sitting on your hard drive right.

The harder we have to work for something the more value we give it and. So when you're starting to move through the world you want to create the perception of value about you and another person now what how does that relate to creating a lifestyle that is is that is truly fulfilling for you if you were. Solo or single it's very simple the less important a partner is to you the more important you become to them this is this is one of those those um principles you're going to hate you're not going to want to hear it. But the person who is more able to walk away from a relationship has the most control over the relationship okay.

Now. I'm pretty sure control issues aside none of you logged on to this webinar today to have more. Randomness and. Chaos in your life would that be true you all logged in here to what to take more control to have more choice and freedom and find the people you want to be with well here's here's an un an ugly truth about attraction the person who is least invested in the relationship has the upper hand in the relationship now not saying we should have the upper hand.

But let's be honest most of the time when we lose a relationship is because we gave up control of that relationship to the other person right. And. I have whole there's a whole psychology behind this okay. And.

I don't care if you're. I don't care what your gender preferences. I don't care what your choices are right. It's about.

Dynamics you see one of the things that happens is as as two people move to move towards intimacy the boundaries between self and other. I and. I become us and. Then we and.

Then there's only and. Then you just identified with the relationship the more identified you become with that relationship the more control it has over you that's why many times when somebody someone's relationship crumbles they're they tend to lose their job and their friends and everything that supported that identity starts to fray and break apart because their identity has been damaged same thing happens in jobs when somebody has a job that they' fully identified them themselves with and that job goes away all of a sudden their relationships start to suffer their friendships start to suffer and they start engaging in very self-destructive behaviors because they don't know who they are anymore okay. So there's a there's a a process of identification that happens in a relationship that you have to manage it's going to happen. But you have to understand it.

So you can create powerful boundaries and protect those boundaries and call people on their [ __ ] that goes to. Inner game and the profile what you want what you believe what you'll accept what you won't accept does that make sense okay. Now. I don't care again like.

I said. I don't care what your gender preferences are this is how. I've. I've come to learn the heart.

I've been married now going on almost 20 years right. So maybe. I'm doing something right. And my wife was the prize at her school.

So um. I could give. I could tell you some stories is your. Identity or projection in many ways it is.

Sharon um let's talk a little bit about that every human being on the planet is moving through the world with a checklist that they use to determine what is the very best anything it's it's all context dependent right. If you've ever heard me talk about the emotional bonding checklist how many people have ever heard me talk about the emotional bonding checklist just type it in the chat okay. If you've ever heard me talk about this this that's what. I mean now here's the thing human beings have checklists for the perfect lover the perfect husband perfect wife perfect mother perfect everything and they're always always always projecting those checklists out into the world they're projecting that checklist out into the world now.

I won't tell you how they do that yet. But if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear you'll start reading people's projections. Every.

Which. Way. But. Loose and it makes life really easy and in many ways predictable okay.

So. First step in the psychology of. Attraction is profiling you got to know who you are and who you're who the the partner you want to attract is if you don't have that you don't know where to start you don't know where to hang out you don't know what's a good environment for those kinds of people right. Right.

So profiling the. Next thing is going to be emotional appeal you have to present yourself in a way that's emotionally appealing not just physically appealing. But emotionally appealing to the other person right. That goes to your profile and their projections the more you understand how to read their projections the more rapidly you can match what they emotionally want and desire and when somebody is emotionally attracted to you it doesn't matter what you look.

Like. But again going back to the very tip of the iceberg you got to bring the fun you got to be having fun you got to control your state and. Then you got to interact with them okay. So the.

First the. First outcome in any interaction going forward is focus on the fun take sex off the agenda take intimacy off the agenda let the fun and the playfulness role and when you do that every date you go on every conversation you have will be fulfilling for you and it will actually open the gates to deeper stuff from there what you want to do is you want to create social status what we call priz ability uh in some some systems would call this credibility you want to be viewed by this person as someone who has immense social value or at least a higher social value than they do one of the ways that you do that is by being sexually. Confident by showing a a grasp of social etiquette and how to navigate social dynamics right. And and there's many behaviors that that allow you to to project that out into the world right.

Uh in uh in attraction. Mastery and killer influence we actually give you four uh body language meta frames that you can step into and as you move through the world you will emanate a sense of confidence and certainty and fun and playfulness and. Charisma that will allow you to build and and demonstrate that level of social comfort and social skill and people will just want to defer to you as a byproduct of the training okay. U these are things that are basic to what we're doing.

But that would be something that you would want to do now another way that you can begin to raise your social status is by telling stories and this is one of the most important factors in creating relationships is learning how to create and tell stories that move people through the attraction process now here's the thing in any kind of dating mating or relating context that's going to happen as a natural byproduct of the inter action right. But if you understand a few principles behind that which is where we're going you can make that process even better you can make it even faster more fulfilling and satisfying and thrilling to the other person. So that they'll want to see you again in fact what will happen many times is you may have 20 minutes to talk to somebody and 40 minutes. Later they're still talking and they don't want you to leave right.

It's it's one of those cool things. So this ability of being viewed as valuable in their world right. Once you have that it leads you into the. Next phase which is validation and affirmation when that person interacts with you not only do they feel heard and understood they feel accepted they feel approved of right.

When you create that you create a bond with another human being that they don't want to give up because it's exciting it's new it's something they've been searching for their whole life they don't want to give it up okay. When you put these. Dynamics together you create a very very powerful. Bond with a person.

But throughout the process you as the operator male or female remember this always be testing you always have to be testing what is this person communicating to me versus what. I'm looking for in a partner does it match if it matches keep going if it doesn't match eject or or in some other way distance yourself from this person does that make sense um talk to me. So. Sierra was asking what is it please yes.

Okay. Questions about what. I've talked about. So far yes.

And no. Can you explain more testing yes. Absolutely. So one of the things that you'll discover is that that when people start to get move through the pro the stages of.

Attraction and relating moving into relationships there will be tests for control of the relationship right. And these in the in common seduction. World pickup parl those are called [ __ ] tests remember that most again. I'm coming from a very classic male female archetype world.

So you need to kind of people want people that they that are strong and confident and aren't going to take [ __ ] and call them on their [ __ ] many females and. I don't care if you're a biological one or not many females need that level of strength in order to to be to feel safe and to surrender otherwise they're the ones that are always having to take care of things and that gets old right. So sometimes there's a there's always one person who tends to be the the more masculine or. Alpha in the relationship sometimes that changes from.

Context to context like with my wife my wife and. I are very are two very strong uh. Alpha type of uh personalities. But there are certain contexts where.

I just turn it over to her because that's her that's her domain and there are certain things where she just defaults to me because. I know what the [ __ ]. I'm doing right. So sometimes it's it's more static sometimes it's fluid right.

But it's it's a choice. So we need to be able to to keep our crap together. So to speak uh. So that people can let themselves go and feel safe to do that right.

Um. But the idea is by profiling yourself and profiling your ideal partner you know what kind of relationship. Dynamics you're sorting for. So that when you get move through the phases of a relationship you can set the boundaries and the rules and you have to set boundaries and rules in your relationship one of the the biggest failing points that.

I two of the biggest three of the biggest failing points that. I see in most relationships a no. Clear-cut rules and boundaries uh miscommunication rampant miscommunication because of an un a misunderstanding of projection and. Last bad sex or little to no.

Sex those are kind of the things that that when. I when. I peel back the layers of people in relationships that's that's what they come down to okay. Um some of that sounds a little weird.

I know. But what about quiet times like driving in a car. I have you're going to have to elaborate on that. Sharon.

I don't know. I don't know what where you're get going with that okay. So understanding psychology of. Attraction right.

So we have profiling we have identification right. We have uh emotional appeal we have prizing or status credibility we have affirmation or validation these are the things that if you you build these into your relationship will give you a tremendously more fulfilling and satisfying um comforting level of control in the relationship well that's the idea you want to be you want to be able to have uh a kind of relationship with someone where it's okay. To not say anything. But you don't normally get there through silence you get there through the other forms of communication body language non-verbal cues and the stories that you tell each other the level of intimacy that you share right.

Now here's why projection is. So important people are always going to be projecting their values their rules onto the people around them and what you want to be doing um as a an expert in attraction is being able to figure out where you guys overlap and where you don't and how much how much you have to change to be with that person okay. So um does that make sense is this useful okay. Let's talk about um.

I've only got a few minutes before. I have to go into phase two. But. I want to start with uh one of the most powerful tools that we have for creating these kinds of connections okay.

We don't have time to talk about approaching and uh you know you know the confidence stuff well maybe we'll have time for it on part three of the webinar. But one of the things. I want us. I want to talk about is how did how to go from complete stranger to trusted friend and partner in as little as 20 minutes would that be a helpful process yes.

Or yes. Okay. So uh let me pull this up on my um on my uh my screen or. I may have to actually open a different notebook.

Because that's what. I forgot to do all right. I'm. G to teach you three magic questions protocol um hold on a.

Second oh there we go traction master got to work okay. So. I love this. I love this this particular technique um.

I learned it in a detraction context and. I've used it. Every. Which.

Way. But. Loose. So what we're going to do is we're going to cover part one of the three magic questions protocol and.

Then if with your permission. I'm going to teach you. I'm going to teach you uh. Parts two and three in phase three of the webinar.

So is it still okay. For me to show you where these techniques can be found in the whole system is that it's still okay. For me to do that with you yes. Or yes.

Type yes. In the chat okay. Good all right. So let's talk about the three magic questions protocol and this is literally how to make people like trust and even love you in as little as 20 minutes now three magic questions is a conversational framework work it's a um a framework that you apply to an interaction that allows you to accomplish some very important psycho emotional.

Milestones it creates several very distinct effects in the mind that you're doing this of the person that you're doing this with now notice what. I said in the mind and the body of the person you're doing this with this is not something you do to someone this is something you do with someone now if you follow follow the protocol in a very very short amount of time it will allow two people who are complete strangers to rapidly generate pleasurable stimulating conversations that trigger deep levels of emotional attraction trust and bonding three magic questions is a code for three categories of question let me say three categories of question each category of the question stimulates a more from goes from a more superficial to a more. Primal and deeper level of the subject's. Mind the byproduct of this training and this technique is it creates intense bonding and self-disclosure in a short amount of time now if you've been on some of my other webinars you've heard me talk about the echo technique how many people have heard me talk about the echo technique okay.

If you have not just understand that the most powerful words that any human being can hear are the words that just came out of their mouth okay. Bar. None whatever just came out of their mouth in the. Last five seconds is the most powerful thing they can hear in that moment this qu this um three magic question framework utilizes the echo technique within it and when you do that it literally forces a person to pay complete and total attention to you okay.

Would that be a good thing to have somebody to to. So completely hold somebody's attention that they couldn't think of anything else okay. I want one of my teachers once taught me and. I found this to be true that attention is the currency of relationships ladies if you want your man to stay loyal give him the kind of attention he wants and needs ladies or men if you want your l ladies to be loyal give them the kind of attention they want and need people who are same you know interested in in same seex relationships give your partner the kind of attention they want and need not the kind you want them to have let me say that again give them the kind of attention they want to have not the kind you want them to have the more you make it about the other person if they're normally socialized decent human beings they will move.

Heaven and. Earth to do the same for you provided they know how did you hear what. I said did it register okay. How do you do that.

First wor is is understanding projection. Second is this protocol here okay. This allows you as the operator and. I think tactically when it comes to relationships because if you're not thinking tactically you're thinking wrong it allows the operator to simultaneously attract and analyze the subject to make a qualifying determination as to the subject's suitability or unsuitability for deeper levels of intimacy and relationships or interactions.

So let me let me let me talk about this lest you think that this technique was created for men to use on women as as many seduction techniques it is not this technique was created for women to use on men. So that in 20 minutes you knew more about them than their best friends did they were simultaneously becoming way way attracted to them and they were giving you all the information you needed right. Then and there to know if they were a hell yes. Or a hell no.

So you didn't waste the you know the. Next three to six weeks on. Crash diets new wardrobes haird and dating okay. I modified this.

So everybody could use it with everybody right. And and that's why. I want you to really. Master this process because when you do you'll be able to strike up conversations with anyone anytime anywhere in any situation or circumstance and they will love you physically and or metaphorically and they will want to spend more time with you even if you have no.

Interest in pursuing a romantic relationship you'll be able to sort the people you interact with. Much. More powerfully. Much.

More cleanly now. I'm going to warn you when you when you apply this technique you will be attracting far more people than you ever thought you could the downside of that is you will be saying no. To more people than you ever thought you would because they don't fit you they don't m don't check your boxes you understand that. So you've got to have the intestinal fortitude to.

State your boundaries and say you know. I don't think this is working. I really think you're a great person. I just don't think that that this is going to be a fit for us right.

And you have to find your ways to say that without destroying a person's self-esteem. But you will in fact generate these powerful connections with anyone you use this with you just have to always this is why. I say always be testing when you're going through the process you've constantly got to be measuring are the responses you're getting matching what you want or are they mismatching what you want and you have to evaluate where that is does that make sense okay. I think.

I must have gotten taken out of you the. YouTube chat for some reason. Anyway um all right. So let's look.

At the. First part of this okay. So the. First level of loc of uh of three magic questions couple of guidelines.

First of all. First of all when you use this never ask a question that can be answered with a yes. Or no. Never ask a question that could be answered with a yes.

Or no. So if. I'm at a a sports bar or a wedding reception or a networking function and. I say to that person oh do you come here often they go no.

Or yes. Conversation's over we have to start over a better question would be. So. I'm.

I'm curious how how often do you come to these things do you like them right. Now you've got an open-ended question that ends with an explanation a description or a story that you can start to harvest a person's language and use the echo technique back remember you want to be asking the uh using the echo technique through the entire process you're you always want to ask a question that requires an opinion a story or an explanation because the more they talk the more powerful you become okay. Level one is about location occasion okay. Location occasion is all about who they are are who they're with and why they're there.

So if. I'm at a wedding reception for example and. I say hey what do you think of the band right. I've just opened a conversation now did.

I ask are you here with somebody do you have a boyfriend no. Because what happens a lot of times when we approach people um especially in a in a context where a lot of hitting on goes on people automatically paint you with a sexual agenda or the a hitting on agenda. So when you ask non-threatening questions it it neutralizes their defensiveness and it does the one important thing that level one questions are designed to do it gets them out of their head and into the world with you most people are moving through the world in what we call a dissociated internal mental state they're in their head they're they're thinking about picking up their their laundry they're taking the dog to the vet making sure the kid gets to their soccer games they're doing everything. But being present in real time with you location and occasion questions are simple easy nonthreatening ways that shift their focus of attention from inside their head in real time interacting with you once you have their attention now now you can begin a conversation and an interaction that moves them through the stages of.

Interest attention desire and arousal okay. Or action as the case may be okay. So the only purpose for a level one question is to get them out of their head and into the world right. Uh.

I was teaching a class called rapid attraction. Secrets uh many many years ago and one of my students from my martial arts class happened to be in there and. I was talking about this and he went out to a sports bar that night walked up to a a girl he thought was attractive and he and this is how we open hey what do you think of the drink specials six you know six months. Later they're getting engaged and.

Then they got married right. Why because they open you open in a non-threatening way that gives a person an opportunity to talk about things without revealing or creating too much vulnerability the vulnerability will open up as a natural byproduct of the conversation and the system that you're applying does that make sense even if it doesn't that's how it works you guys with me. So far okay. So good all right.

So the other thing you want to do is you want to begin to do what we call use conversational softeners if. I walk up to somebody and. I say hey what do you think of the band well depending on how much. Social stat stat.

I have or how. ATT physically attractive. I am how much hpah. I'm generating that that might be okay.

But for a lot of people that's really invasive it's like well what who the [ __ ] are you right. So one of the things that that helps to make this the power of this. So much more palatable and easy to deploy in normal conversations is something we call linguistic softeners. So softeners are like reasons why if you think of we call them pre frames preframe is this is why.

I'm about to ask you what. I'm about to ask you or what this is why. I'm about to tell you what. I'm about to tell you.

So instead of going up and saying hey what do you think of the band or hey what are the drink specials you would you would it would look. Something it would look. And sound something like this hey. I was wondering.

So. I was wondering what do you think of the band hey. I'm curious ious what do you think of that centerpiece right. I hear a lot of bands in at different you know different in different um environments.

I'm curious what do you what's your favorite band. So do you see how. I'm. I'm.

I'm always padding or. I'm giving a person a reason why. I'm asking or telling them when. I'm about to ask them or tell them this allows you to deploy very very strong powerful techniques with a person and not make it sound like an interrogation or you're a drill sergeant or something like that okay.

So softening is really important we cover this. Mega in depth uh it's something we call we teach in killer influence essentially we teach an attraction. Mastery um this is one of those skills that you can't overuse or you can't overlearn okay. So this allows us to walk up and begin opening conversations um with a simple hey.

I was wondering something what do you think of that band or. I'm curious do you know what the drinks do which are the best drink specials here here tonight. So you always want to be asking questions that allow a person to answer you with an opinion a story or an explanation now when that person answers you you are going to apply what we call the master. Echo formula the master.

Echo formula again you learn this in attraction. Master you learn this in uh killer influence the the master attraction formula is you. Echo their work words you validate their response you soften and. Echo their words and you you.

Echo their words and you ask again. So. I missed one here hold on again ask again. So if somebody says.

Hey. I was you go up to somebody and you say to somebody. So. I'm curious what uh what do you think of the band.

I said well you know. I've. I've had. I've heard better.

But they're not too bad oh they're not too bad and you what ones have you heard that were better right. So that's it now what. I've done is. I've given them their exact words.

I changed the order just a little bit. But because. I use the exact words that they they they gave me it goes right. Into their neurology and signals identification and sameness it literally says the deepest level of their nervous system.

I heard this person heard you and they're just like you and now all of a sudden you have their undivided attention because that rarely happens and now the longer you keep that process going the more they're going to open up now. I challenge you to go out and test this find people who can't escape like waiters and bartenders be respectful and just deploy the echo technique and or the three magic questions with them and notice how much time they spend with you compared to other customers now that's why. I say be respectful because what will happen is you will trigger such a desire to spend time with you in this in this person that they will often ignore their other clients okay. So please understand the power of this use it with respect.

But use it you don't have to believe it just go do it okay. Are you guys with me. So far okay. So here's what.

I'd like to do. I'd like to to take a few some some time and go over with you some programs. I've put together that give you the access to the entire attraction. Mastery and unlimited lover system uh when.

I come back. I want to pick up with three magic questions and. Then um we can talk about how to be the best lover uh anyone's ever had how to navigate relationships we can talk about whatever sticking points that you have um that you want to work through we can make this your training is that is that fair is that okay. Yeah okay.

Cool we're good all right. Excellent. So um without further ado and with your permission let's talk about what. I've put together for you today.

I'd like to. I'd like to share with you the unlimited lover maximum attraction. Mastery. Program top secret skills for dating mating and relating.

I've literally just pul opened the. Vault pulled back the curtain and gave you uh give you in this program the most powerful attraction and relationship management tools and formulas. I've ever come across um tools that allowed me to become one of the top 20 pickup artists of 2003 by. TR induction layer.com that have allowed me to become a master of influence and persuasion have influenced my marketing and have allowed me to help literally thousands of people hold on a.

Second. I'm sorry my uh my mouse is really sensitive. So the unlimited lover program is all about helping you take your love life to the. Next level it's about gaining the skills to become instantly more attractive fascinating and irresistibly.

Charming to becoming unstoppably confident and truly self- assured it's about getting rid of the emotional baggage that you've accumulated from failed relationship after failed relationship after failed relationship and that you tend to bring into your new relationships that continually cause you to have the same results like. I said if you've ever been dating the same person with a different face that's what. I'm talking about it's about avoiding the people you don't want and finding the people you do want attracting them and keeping them it's about learning how to effectively cheat proof your relationship becoming your partner's greatest lover creating a relationship that only gets better over time leading to better communication better uh love and of course sexuality is a huge factor in an ideal relationship right. Um it's about becoming it's about winning the game of love and becoming more.

Charming charismatic and irresistible if these are things that are important to you this is could be the most important program that uh you've ever been given access to it's amazing here's what. I've put together for you now this offer is only good for today uh. February 12th 2024 1159 p.m. okay. So if you're on again it's 11:59 p.m.

Pacific time. So if you're in some other part of the world don't worry you got some time okay. So the unlimited lover. Secret how to master your inner game this is where we start with the unlimited lover attraction.

Mastery formula it's about getting your inner game under control. So to get you started on that we've we've bundled in here the self-mastery supercharger this is something that's going to allow you to profile yourself decide what aspects of your identity your personality that you want to change and using these seven phases systematically change them now people say well. David you were just talking about attraction dating sexuality all those things why are you why are you giving me the self-mastery supercharger now it may be obvious to some of you that self-mastery supercharger is about ingame. But what most of you don't know is that even though the selfmaster supercharger and the identity by.

Design system became one of my. Premier hypnotherapy training certifications it's started out specifically as an inner game training process and reprogramming process for aspiring pickup artists it was originally designed to give people who wanted to be more successful in dating sexuality relationships and everything pertaining to to that the upper hand to become the person that you wanted to be to drain out the head trash the heart trash and all the other emotional baggage. So that you you could be the person that you want to become and move through the world with that confidence and certainty and radiating that. Charisma that makes people pay attention.

So this seven-phase identity by. Design formula is actually designed for what we're doing today what we discovered though was that when you appli this on an average human being the scope and the and the range of change wasn't just about their love life their work habits changed the their social skills changed the relationship statuses changed they started making more money they started having more friends they started feeling more fulfillment they started taking more chances and and actually living their life as an adventurer instead of a passenger and that's what it's about it's about taking charge of your inner world. So that the outer world is easy. So we're going to move you through these seven phases how to clear your your unconscious negativity that you didn't even know you had emotions beliefs what have you it's a $297 value we're going to remove the unconscious safety rules that are keeping you stuck you guys have experienced this left and right.

Left and right. You see somebody who checks all the boxes for you you see the opportunity you know exactly what to say exactly when to say it exactly how to say it and you can't pull the trigger you can't move your feet why because your unconscious mind because of the emotional pain that you went through in previous relationships because of the rejections or the uh the the people ignoring your boundaries that you experience decided. I'm going to make sure that this person never gets hurt again. I know if.

I just flip this switch. So they can never get in a relationship they can never get hurt they can never get rejected and that's why you can't pull the trigger if you've ever had a a feeling or a a behavior or an issue that went away and. Then comes back you've got safety issues that you need to unpack and attack we're going to show you systematically how to find them and remove them you know that little voice in your head that's always telling don't go there she's going to reject you she's going to make you feel like [ __ ] she's going to kick you metaphorically or literally in the balls or uh you know the little voice says oh don't go hear him he's bad news right. Even when he's a good guy right.

He he's not good enough for you you're not good enough for him or whatever that little head voice you know the voice in your head that just said what voice we're going to show you how to change that we're going to show you how to change that into a voice that builds you up and gives you all the reasons why you deserve things and to keep you safe and moving towards the right. Kind of. Partners we're going to show you that works pardon me what if you could move through the world in a more playful curious explorational. State you think life would be better you think you'd have more opportunities that's exactly what the.

Next phase of this the four pillars of personal power and success these are four default driver states that when you move through the world you will move through the world like a winner you will see the world as a fun playful curious exciting. Place full of opportunities to win we're going to teach you how to install those. States. So that you can activate them on demand any any time anywhere under any circumstance and how they'll eventually become default.

States within you where you just move through the world feeling this way as a natural byproduct of your training right. We're going to teach you how to systematically move all the baggage all the negativity from past memories traumatic experiences traumatic relationships the whole nine yards right. We're going to teach this to you in such a way that when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that.

Empower you that make you feel good about yourself that make your life better. So that you're excited about moving forward okay. And. Then we're going to install they're going to teach you how to install inside of yourself the traits qualities and characteristics of anyone who you admire anyone who you aspire to be like or whose qualities you want to have more of for yourself we're going to give you the master keys for doing exactly that it's a $297 value.

But literally this is how you can install your very own personal blueprint and the skills and attributes that you need to make that blueprint of success happen we're going to include uh as part of this the identity by. Design course manual. So you have all the techniques you have all the principles how they work how to change them things of that nature. So you can actually diagram your processes and know exactly how these things work for yourself total value is $2,497.

But as you can probably guess there's a lot more to this package than what's that meets the eye for those of you who grab your package today before the end of webinar we're going to include one of our most powerful and important classes ever people absolutely love this class we don't teach it that often we're going to give you access to our soulmate. Secrets. Master. Class how to get the love you want the way you want it this is going to take you step by step by step through how to figure out what your life values are what are the most important things to you in life right.

How to profile your ideal partner. So. So that you can begin to uh you you know just to to put yourself in places locations and opportunities to attract that success we're going to teach you about the biochemistry of relationships. So that you understand that that that rush you feel at the beginning of the relationship will always fade because there's a hormone dump that happens at the beginning of a relationship and it fades over time as other hormones take their place that lead to deeper longer lasting romantic love most people don't realize that the one of the reasons that they go from relationship to relationship to relationship is because that chemical.

Rush fades in the. First four to six weeks and and they think that because those chemicals are changing that the relationship is getting worse and it's not what's ha happen is you're moving into a different phase and. So other hormones are taking over if you don't understand how and why that works a you're going to make bad decisions both during the relation during the beginning parts of the relationship and after right. So you need to understand how that works we're going to teach you how to remove all the baggage from all the different relationships how to improve the communication skills that you need between you and your partner how to manage change in that relationship how to be uh the best lover your partner's ever had.

But understanding the difference between sensuality sexuality and and great sex and things of that nature communication. Styles these are all things that we need to understand. So that we can begin to become the person who can attract the best soulmate possible now the other thing. I want to caution you about and.

I mentioned this earlier when people were asking about soulmates remember that your soulmate is designed to complete you. But not the way you think your soulmate this is again i'. I've studied a lot of mystical traditions and the concept of soulmates always comes up the true definition of a spiritual soulmate is someone who challenges you who forces you through conflict and communication to be a better version of yourself okay. So here's the deal if you want a better soulmate be a better self be a better version of yourself.

So a lot of this is about a profiling yourself profiling your partner knowing what to look. For what what to move away from how to create that life that is awesome for you even if you're solo and. Then using that to attract the kind of people you want this is an inner game. Workshop.

But it has a more spiritual law of attraction process connected to it. But it's still inner game okay. So 1,99 $97 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So the total combined value between the self-mastery supercharger and the um soulmate.

Secrets is $4,495 we're also going to include you heard me talk about this attraction. Mastery rapid attraction secrets for dating mating and relating this is a program that. I taught to a co-ed. Workshop.

I taught men everything they needed to know to be uh to approach any person they found interesting create a conversation generate connection and move through the stages of intimacy with a high level of certainty. I taught women how to identify the people that they want to attract how to signal approachability and how to. M manage that communication again through three magic questions and other things that we'll be covering. So that you can once again signal approachability manage that interaction and make sure that the person who's talking to you is in fact who they say they are and they're going to behave the way you expect them to behave okay.

It's going to fill in all the gaps that uh. Society has left out or. Hollywood has or bad beliefs that. Hollywood has programmed you with okay.

This is a this was a four-day live event that. I did and you'll see how to walk up to people how to signal unconscious uh approachability how to create what we call the unconscious hello how to generate such powerful connections um with your the person you're talking with that they can't think of anybody else okay. A lot of fun um. I didn't show you the the the map if.

I have time. I'll show you the the flowchart of how these things work together. So this is a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free as part of the unlimited lover attraction. Mastery package total value $6,499 when you register before the end of the webinar we're also going to include this is a this is one of my best kept secrets in uh 200 somewhere between 2010 2011.

I was busy promoting a program that. I mentioned earlier called secret orgasm tips in that book. In that course. I mentioned that there that.

I was only giving people level one of a thre level system for creating such powerful sensual and sexual uh connective experiences that people just every time you made love it was just better than the time before. I said. I was going to. I was only going to teach level one because of the power and the and the influence that it could have over a partner and.

I was worried that it could be used um in in in in less than honorable ways. But people kept asking for it and they kept they kept emailing me about it. So three four five years. Later.

I decided to fulfill my promise. So. I called in some of uh five or six of my most advanced students people who. I knew were solid ethical honest people and uh.

I turned on the video camera and. I. I brought somebody in as an assistant and 2013. Seth.

Seth was one of them. I brought people in and. I literally using secret orgasm tips as the textbook. I walk them through all three levels of the system by the time my my assistant blesser.

Hart was done with the uh with the training she literally looked at the class and with a big smile on her face said. I don't need men anymore and the reason that uh she she was able to say that was because we taught her through the power of pleasure and the the the hormones that are released during sensuality how to program her mind for ever increasing levels of sensual. F fulfillment she could literally orgasm on command she could if there was a partner who maybe wasn't the most skilled lover in the world world she could literally give him a trigger that all he would have to do is use that trigger and boom he could instantly pleasure her the way she wanted to be pleasured and she could take it back any time that she wanted. But the entire program is about understanding projection it's about understanding that a person that you're intimate with.

Will instinctively do to you what they want done to them the way that they want it done and if you have eyes. To see and ears to hear and the flexibility to make it about the other partner rather than about you you will take your lover to ever increasing levels of connection commitment orgasm after my multiple orgasms are just off the charts with this okay. There's a lot of techniques that. I've no.

Pun intended pioneered in my more uh. Dar. Snider days that will just teach you how to instantly understand a a. Lover's body and give them exactly what they need the.

First time you're with them. I used to get calls at three o'clock in the morning for people all over the world saying. David. I just.

I just wanted to let to call you and say thank you you. Sav my marriage right. This is a this is a literal. GameChanger it takes you into a realm that very very few people ever get to experience much less learn about.

So again the more that you can bring your partner the levels of pleasure connection um and and program it into them that every time you're together it's best better than the time before that's a that's a kind of that's that's a relationship that's going to stick that's a relationship that will weather the most intense storms you can imagine okay. When. I said. I.

I talked earlier you know um there are three basic areas in relationships where things break down one is rules and values the other is miscommunication the other is sexuality sexuality like money tends to make everything else in the relationship worse if the sex is bad everything else tends to be bad if there's there's a lack of money or you're fighting over money all the other aspects of your relationship tend to suffer. So that's what. I mean when. I talk about the importance of good sex or or sexual connection with people okay.

It's it's one of the most powerful systems. I ever created. I don't talk about it very often um and. I was actually scared to talk about it today uh primarily because uh the gods of.

Google are listening and um this is this will change everything for you guys and gals okay. Um it's a $1,997 value we're going to include this with you for you absolutely free total combined value is 8,488. So let's look. At what we've got for you.

So far um hi. Miss the slide how about that all right. Uh the unlimited lever ingame. Mastery.

Program it's a self. Mastery supercharger $2,497. Value. Plus the manual you're going to get the soulmate.

Secrets. Master. Class $1,997 value you're going to get the attraction. Mastery rapid attraction.

Secrets home study course with the manual $1,997 value we're going to include with you the unlimited lover. Advanced love making skills uh super package $1,997 and unannounced bonus number before we're actually going to throw in the secret orgasm. Tips. Deluxe course this comes with um interviews it comes with transcripts it comes with the uh secrets of mastering sexual experience uh the 10 keys to maximum sexual arousal which are 10 little techniques that.

I learned in my martial arts training that when you apply them to the body uh in sexual. Congress or intercourse there it it stimulates them to the point of craziness uh it includes three videos or two videos on. Sexual. Energy massage this is a special video course that.

I created that teaches you how to stimulate specific acupuncture meridians and points in a specific order that when you do it they will literally be screaming to have you um in fact one time. I was teaching about this in one of my. Erotic. Hypnosis classes one of the guys stood up and said guys don't don't do this it's too powerful they go crazy right.

Um. So uh that's part of the secret orgasm. Tips. Deluxe course uh there's some other bonus manuals in there that have to do with how to.

Last longer during sex um how to give your your girlfriend uh or your your female lover the best oral sex they've ever had things of that nature uh. SE books on top sexual fantasies things of that nature remember this is all designed to give you a full range have your your relationship operating on all cylinders from the ingame to meeting to the dating to the the the consummation of the. First time you're together all the way up through how to manage that relationship once you've actually said. I do and.

So forth it's it's it's a very comprehensive package um and. I've never given out a package like this before this is the. First time in. God the almost 20 years.

I've been. I've been doing this that. I've ever offered this kind of training um and. I'm only doing it for this one time for.

Valentine's. Day leap year right. Total value on this is 8,488 if you grab yours uh before the end of the webinar. So obviously it's.

Valentine. Valentine's. Day is coming up. I want you to have uh make the most savings you get the biggest bang for your buck no.

Pun intended. So you're not going to pay $848. I'm not even going to cut it. I'm not.

I'm gonna what about half price would that be worth it at. Half. Price well. I'm not even going to charge a half price for that in fact um if.

I half that again that's still too much all. I want you guys to do if you want the best love life ever. I don't care if you're male or female. I don't care what your vender choice is.

I don't care about any of that if you apply these principles you're going to get everything uh included here for one low installment of just 9.97 all right. Or if you need a little extra help reach out to. Moss or. Mia they'll break that up into three installments of just 3.97 and apparently it's even more valuable than uh.

I. First let on because. I forgot to add the the value of secret orgasm tip. So it's $898 value.

But you're going to get it for $99.97 or three installments of just 3.97 each okay. So all you got to do to get yours is go to www.npower.com sorry about that for lover www.lpower.com. Lov. ER okay.

Um. So go ahead now if you're on the fence remember that everything that we offer you comes with a 60-day unlimited guarantee if you're not satisfied for any reason uh if it's not living up to any of the promises or the the claims that. I've made just pick up the phone or uh send. Mia or.

Moss an email and we will happily uh refund your money if you're not on the fast track of feeling more confident certain and playful if you're not rapidly clearing your emotional baggage and limiting beliefs if you're not finding yourself talking and meeting the kind of people you really want to meet feeling more secure and comfortable and fulfilled is a byproduct of this if you're not enjoying more social encounters and and becoming more and more. Irresistible by your your standards. I'll refund your money. I believe.

So fully. So completely in the technologies that. I'm sharing with you. I've bet my life on them and if you do them for if you use them and apply them the way we teach you to do for 60 days your life will change the quality of your relationships will change you as a person will change and you'll be able to generate the results and the kinds of relationships that you truly want the way you want them all right.

Test it for a full 60 days if you need help pick up the phone let us know we'll guide you over the sticking points and if after 60 days you're not you're you don't see an improvement we'll give you your money back just go right. Now to npower.com lover click the link right. Now uh because again. I'm only gonna give this away for a limited amount of time um and.

Valentine's. Day is just around the corner if you're ready to make a change this is how this is how you do it click the link right. Now right. And for those of you you some of you knew this was coming right.

For those of you who are going to are really committed to becoming the best version of yourself. I put together a few special bonuses just for you. But these bonuses are only good for first-time buyers and they're only good before. I log off the webinar.

So everything. I've explained to you up to this point is good until tonight 11:59 p.m. the. Next thing. I'm going to talk about is only available for you while.

I'm on the webinar if you click the page to the page after um. I log off the webinar these fast action bonuses have a high probability of not being there. So if you know this is going to change your life if you know you tired of having the same old same old click your links right. Now before it's too late and let's look.

At what else. I got for you. So. First thing we're gonna give you is probably the single most important gift.

I can give and that is. The. Mastermind mentoring program. I have been teaching and mentoring people personally in small groups since.

October 2010 every month on the. Third. Saturday of every month people from all over the world either come to my facility or they log in virtually and as. I come in.

I go. Hey. Jake what do you want to learn. Sierra what do you want to learn.

Tom what do you want to learn. Holly what do you want to learn. Mary what do you want to learn and. I write those things up on the board and.

Then. I step back and. I look. At all the.

Connecting. Threads and. I create a lesson plan for the group on the spot and for the. Next four to six hours.

I drill you specifically on those skills until you can do them in your sleep. Then you go out into the world and you apply those skills to your life you come back. Next month and. I'm.

G to ask you the same question. Jax what do you want to learn. Moss what do you want to learn. Sierra what do you want to learn uh and.

I'm gonna. I'm going to list what you want on my screen. I'm going to find the. Connecting.

Threads. I'm going to create that lesson plan and we're going to drill in skill right. The best part about the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program is that you get to surround yourself with people who are interested in the same things you are they want to get better at the same things you do you're surrounded by people who support you and you get to have a good time and you get practice that's what takes you to a completely different level if you if you've experienced the masterm please post it in the chat tell people how what how it's changed your life this is your chance to level up right. Uh now the best part is we've been running this program every month month after month since. October 10 2010. I'm sorry.

October 2010. So it's we're going we're going into our 14th year we have videotaped every single one of those training sessions and as a trial member of the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring group you're going to get unlimited access to that entire archive stuff that's never been on.

YouTube never been released as a product never seen the light of day everything from attraction to. Healing to trauma resolution to a law of attraction body language face reading energy healing psychic skills accelerated learning. NLP hypnosis regression you name it if it if it's if it's pertinent to the field of personal development and communication and influence magic and energy it's in there you get to have unfettered access to it for the entire 90 days that you are part of that. Mastermind trial membership okay.

If at the end of 90 days you decide that um it's not for you hey you got 90 days to practice with people who are cool doing cool stuff if after 90 days you say hey. I love this community. I love. Planet.

David. I want more we'll show you how to extend that membership. So you can continue to train and get the very best of everything that we have to offer you you get your questions answered you get personally mentored by me um this is my chance to get to know you and really tailor our programs to meet your needs it's an $891 value. But.

I think you can tell it's a little bit more valuable than that we're going to give this to you free. So the total combined value is 9,379 we're also going to include the stealth instant conversation at nois crash course now. David if this is a class on a track why in. God's name are you teaching me a course on instant conversational hynosis a because all relationships are inherently hypnotic and one of the primary focuses when.

I created this course was teaching people how to be better at attraction. So this course will and and stealth actually stands for something it stands for strategic suggestion through emotionally. Amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis this is the. P one of the most powerful courses that we've created it's designed for you to watch watch tonight and use tomorrow okay.

Uh it comes with transcripts it comes with the most the seven most powerful language patterns that exists it comes with uh what we call a class we call hypnotic hot buttons which is all about anchoring and creating. States on demand um and criterian values and emotional bonding techniques which we didn't talk too much about uh in this webinar. But we talk about it a lot in other webinars and it's a big piece of the attraction. Mastery system knowing what a person's emotional needs values are and matching them okay.

That's we create that massive emotional appeal. So this is a course that was designed for people who want to get started right. Away literally you can watch two videos and be out hypnotizing people in right. Afterwards it's that fast comes with manuals transcripts.

MP3s that you can listen to. Total combined value is $1,376 or as. Seth was saying 10,873 uh and that's uh fast action bonus number two. But remember this is only available for you you if you log off or log click that button now click the buttons in the links um before.

I log off um right. Now all right. Last. But perhaps not least a lot of you have been asking me for something like this.

So for the. Next 21 people who register today. I'm going to do a special training just for you. I'm going to do a three-day virtual get the love you want the way you want it this is where.

I take specific selections and techniques and modules from soulmate. Secrets attraction. Mastery uh self-mastery supercharger unlimited lover and. I'm going to teach you how these things fit together to create one of the most powerful relationship creation and management systems ever invented this is all about not just getting laid it's about finding the people that satisfy you on a spiritual level an emotional level a romantic level a values level and how to take that relationship generate tremendous physical attraction emotional attraction and.

Then move through the stages of relationship. So that it just keeps getting better and better and better and better and better one of the most important things that you need to understand is that you have to if you you have to be on a growth track in your relationships because your relationships are going to continue to grow and evolve and if you don't have the tools to manage that those changes you're going to find yourself often looking the person you've been in relationship for. So many years and wondering who the hell they are right. So.

I want. I want to give you those tools. I want to guide you step by step by step through drill and drill and intervention after intervention designed to be make you the true prize in any relationship and by the way just having this course makes you the prize and the reason. I say that is because you've actually invested in becoming the kind of person who can give your partner the exact kind of experiences they've always fantasized about having the exact way that they want to have them and when you do this there is nothing those people will not do to make you happy stop for a moment and use your imagination for me right.

Now imagine for a moment that you found the perfect partner now when. I say perfect. I mean that the from the moment you met them they said things to you that you always thought you wanted to hear. But had never really heard anybody say it was almost like they could read your mind and know exactly what made you feel the most seen heard understood validated and approved of when they touched you they touched you in the way that you always wanted to be touched exactly the way you fantasize that that might be when they held your hand they held your hand exactly the way you've always thought it should be when they kissed you it was like kissing the perfect lover and when you.

Finally went through that process of getting even more deeply involved they did everything right. They knew exactly what to do it's almost like they knew exactly what your deepest most powerful fantasies were and they could relate to you in the way you've always wanted to be related to let me ask you a question is there anything you wouldn't do for a person like that if that's the kind of experience you want to have if that's the experience you want to be able to give that's what makes you the prize because you will have the tools and the skills to do exactly that without fail. I 1,00% guarantee it okay. I have tested this in like.

I didn't make this for you. I tested this in ways you can't possibly imagine ladies and gentlemen and it's completely ethical completely honest there's no. Deception there's no. Manipulation it's all about understanding people on a different level and giving them exactly what they've always wanted and in return you get to have everything you wanted right.

We'll teach you how to create those kinds of relationships to emanate career on command to make people like love and trust you to discover how to attract anyone you want and take it to that ultimate extreme. So when you ready total combined value is $2,873 we're going to give this training to you absolutely free just for clicking that link right. Now all you got to do is go to www.lpower.com lover click this link right. Now you're going to get get the self-mastery supercharger home study course.

So you got that inner game locked down $2,497 you're going to get the soulmate. Secrets master class. So you know exactly what you want who you're looking for who you are as a person what makes you feel the most fulfilled and exactly where to go and what to look. For to find your best partner it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free we're going to give you the attraction.

Mastery rapid attraction. Secrets home study course 1,99 $97 value. So not only do you have the inner game wrapped up not only do you have the. Law of.

Attraction game wrapped up you now have the techniques the outer game to go and find your best partners and live that dream $1,997 value we're going to include the secret orgasm tips how to have the best sex ever home study course $497 value we're going to include the unlimited lover levels two and three. Advanced love making secret skills package this is a game changer guys and gals this is crazy good right. $1,997 value we're going to give this to you free you're going to get the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring uh trial period and the 13-year archive valued at $891 we're going to give that to you absolutely free and you're going to get that. VIP super ticket to our. Next virtual getting the love you want the way you want it hidden secrets of love and attraction virtual master class scheduled for. March 8th through.

March 10th 2024 you can learn this and study this and practice this from the privacy of your own home we'll be going through very selective modules from each of the programs that uh. We've we've talked about and we'll put them together in such a way that you come out of that training knowing exactly what to do how to do it and who to do it with okay. Just click your link right. Now www.npower.com lover.

Lov. R click the link right. Now. So that you can get the best life ever total value is $2,873 you can get it all for one low investment of just $9.97 or if you need a little help reach out to.

Moss or. Mia break that into three easy installments of just 3.97 each click your link right. Now uh if you need if you have questions about this you can call. Moss at 858 282 4663 you can email.

Mia. Mia nlpp power.com um remember if you call and you get voicemail because a lot of people tend to call for this uh. I want you to be very clear that you leave all of your contact information your name your address your phone number why you're calling. So we can get back to you within the.

Next 24 hours if you leave that information and we get back to you the. Next 24 hours you will qualify for all the bonuses tonight if you call and you do not leave that information and we. Conta and you call us tomorrow you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses fast action bonuses are only good while. I'm still logged on the webinar okay.

So. I. I want to be very very clear this this webinar is for first-time buyers and the fast action bonuses are only good if you click the link right. Now while.

I'm still logged into the webinar. So what's going to happen. Next is. I'm going to give you guys a uh an eight minute break to use the restroom uh reach out to.

Moss or. Mia and get those those links clicked and and get yourself processed when we come back in 8 to 10 minutes we're going to pick up with phase three and we're going to start to drill down we're going to finish the three magic questions and. Then if there's time. I'm happy to customize the content of tonight's webinar to whatever you want you want to talk about sexuality we'll talk about sexuality you want to talk about approaching we'll talk about approaching you want about clearing baggage or becoming more confident we'll do that right.

Whatever it is you want to focus on for part three of the webinar as a group that's where we're going okay. So we're going to finish three magic questions and. Then. Then just keep teaching until we're uh we're out of time.

So it is 6:05 now we'll see you in 8 minutes that is 7:03 see you soon stay on to the end of the webinar you never know what's going to happen all right. I'm back from my break uh a couple minutes early if people have questions um feel free to type them in the chat and uh. I'll answer them before we get back to our regularly scheduled event all right. Let need go back to our regularly scheduled program okay.

All right. Guys and gals this is your chance what uh what do you want to know about what what where do you you want to do you want to you want me to finish with three magic questions or you guys got something else you want to know about. Steph is asking when is my what are you doing the golden path course and when are you're going to come to. Orlando um we would like to come to.

Orlando sometime in the near future um right. Now probably if anything probably towards the latter half of 2024 um or beginning of 2025 we'll probably be doing something over there if something comes up sooner. I'll let you guys know um all right. No.

Problem ready for three magic questions part two and three yes. Okay. So remember that the reason be the only reason behind level one questions is to do one thing it's to shift their psycho emotional state it's to get people out of their head and into the world okay. Now they can interact with you when we're beginning to ask questions or when we're beginning to begin this process remember that there's something we call the master.

Echo sequence if you've if if you ever watched any of my uh secrets of human influence webinars um uh. I don't think we talk about it in in. Laws of. Attraction um if if you ever watched defense against the dark arts uh weapons of social seduction in every single one of those um those trainings we've talked about the echo technique and.

Then every now and. Then we talk about the master. Echo sequence the master. Echo sequence is how you conversational eyesee and.

Leverage. The. Echo technique. So the.

First thing you do um when you're going to use the master. Echo formula is you ask a question you pay attention to their response you. Val validate that response you. Echo their words you ask another question.

So. I'm going to repeat that three or four times for you. So you guys can write it down right. If you want to see how that applies or understand um how to do it and you can either go sort through the the many webinars we've got here on.

YouTube or you can grab click the link get attraction. Mastery it's all in there okay. It's in there in multiple places as a matter of fact because it's that important if you really want to be become one of the. Most.

Fascinating. People on uh that anyone's ever met if you want to literally command a person's attention no. Matter where you go with very little effort on your part the echo technique is the way you do this okay. If you want to leverage that even further.

Now we move into three magic questions three magic questions and how to remove the bad filters okay. Give uh is is it is it pronounced given or. Jen um when you say bad filters. I don't know what that means what does that actually typee in in the chat what that actually means and.

I'll. Circle back. So the. First thing throughout the entire three magic questions process remember three magic questions is a code for three levels of question okay.

Uh let me just zero zoom in here a little bit we'll do this that's fine all right. So location occasion soften. Master. Echo formula.

Echo their word or pay attention validate the response. Echo their words ask again cycling through all now we go to level two level two questions are always about career passions. Pleasures or fun well. I.

I consider. PL passions and. Pleasures to be fun. But let me let me let me be clear because there was some confusion.

Last time. I taught this you don't have to talk about all of those what you talk about is either their career you talk about the things they do for for pleasure or what they're passionate about okay. And the reason that we we we give three choices with that is that every now and. Then you're going to run into somebody who hates their job they're going to run into you know in in the way this works psychologically in most cultures most modern cultures now and probably in in more pre-industrial cultures as well you are basically what you do people love to talk about themselves okay.

People are their. B their most favorite subject in fact you should probably write this down this is called uh this was coined by uh. FBI agent. Jack.

Schaefer in his book. The like switch he calls it the golden rule of friendship people like instinctively like people who make them feel good about themselves. I'll repeat that three times. So you can write it down people instinctively like people who make them feel good about themselves now there's a corollary to that and you probably heard this one in in other contexts people like people who are like themselves let me repeat that three times people like people who are like themselves.

So this goes back to the the psychology of attraction that. I was. I started the webinar with which is the more you are like someone you become the more they can identify with you the more comfortable they feel around you and it's easier to become attracted and connected to people that you identify with okay. So.

Jack. Schaefer's. Golden. Rule of friendship people like people who make them feel good about themselves general rule of identification people like people who are like themselves three magic questions and.

Echo technique do both at the same time okay. Three magic questions does both at the same time and it absolutely captivates and captures their focus and attention. So when we go to level two we're going to ask people about their careers people love to talk about you here's the thing even when the people are uh not happy in their jobs and they start talking about it they'll actually experience pleasure now why is that it's because when people get to talk about themselves even when they're saying the most heinous things uh they go into a pleasure. State and.

So they will voluntarily disclose things to you that they wouldn't they wouldn't they wouldn't disclose on a job interview right. Because they feel comfortable with you they feel because of the echo technique and the processing that you're going through they feel connected to you okay. So the. First.

First thing that's going to happen is you're going to use the master. Echo formula you're going. I'm curious what do you do for a living and they might say something like well you know. I'm an accountant oh wow an accountant man.

I you know. I. I use an accountant all the time. But i'.

I've never been good with numbers. But. So. But.

I. So. I always wondered like how does someone how does someone that choose to become an accountant like did you wake up one day and say hey numbers yay or. I bet there's an origin story there isn't there tell how did you how did you decide to become an accountant and the is going to go as well you know my mom and dad were both accountants uh they loved math and growing up we would always play math games and math puzzles and.

I watched how well my mom and my dad did in their business and how they had you know when tax season wasn't going on they had a little bit more free time and. So they could spend time with us and you know. I just thought well you know this is a this is a good life. I.

I think. I want to do this for my kids you know when. I get older and. So.

I studied math because. I love math too. I got it from my parents. I guess you know and and uh.

So. I went to college got my degree in accounting and and now. I'm working with them you know as. I'm build building up my my expertise and you know eventually.

I'm going to start my own firm and build it really big and and and and you know see what. I can do with that and really move my life forward you know now just from that explanation what can we in what can we infer about this individual type it in the chat what can we what can we profile about this person is this person someone who moves through the world uh feeling like the world owes him something. Steph says they're family oriented what else what else do you know they like numbers okay. I think.

Steph is the. Steph is the only one actively paying attention here it's easy for them okay. Does this person is this person living off their family they're driven. Seth says is this someone who has ambition is this someone who feels the world owes them something right.

You see how you can start checking boxes ambitious right. Now entrepreneurial very good now contrast. So. I'm curious yeah how did you decide to become an accountant well you know.

I never really liked accounting. But. Mom and. Dad had this accounting firm and.

I've always been good with numbers and it just kind of came easy. So. I figured well you know what saves you from having like go out and look. For a job.

So like. I went to college you know did decent did okay. You know people were a little jealous because. I you know my family's pretty well to do and stuff.

But you know oh it was okay. You know. I graduated. I got my accounting degree and.

I got my license and now. I'm just you know. I'm doing taxes and stuff with my mom and dad and they don't give me too much [ __ ] you know and eventually they're going to retire and. I'll take over the business and and.

Then. I'll you know. I'll just chill and and just you know build the business show them how to how it really works you know maybe eventually. I'll.

I'll move out of the basement and uh you know go to rehab and and you know things will be things will be awesome okay. Now. I threw a few little little hooks in there. But what do we know about this person step.

Steph's cracking up over there right. Freeloader taking the easy route run run run. Zach says non init exactly now here's here's the irony here's the irony the person telling either. Story the person telling that.

Last story will be just as attracted connected and wanting your approval and feeling good about themselves as the person from the. First story why because they're talking about their favorite subject themselves and here's the magic the longer that person talks to you the more attracted to you they become. I often tell my my students the longer they talk the better you look. You know volter is.

U attributed with a phrase uh give me 10 minutes to talk away my ugly face and. I'll bed the queen of. France this is that if you understand these conversational. Dynamics the person that you're interacting with will give you the most personal even sometimes damaging admissions about their life with a smile on their face and they will think you are the coolest person they've ever met now what should you what do you think you should be doing during this process it's three words s says eval okay.

Echo okay. Close. St. But not what.

I'm looking for. Saul almost got it profiling absolutely given the way. I sell the way. I teach it in um in.

Romance context is always be testing you should be listening and paying attention to every word that comes out of their mouth and you should be checking boxes or unchecking boxes does this person match the kind the template the profile that you've created for somebody you want to have in your life now remember you don't have to use three magic questions for just romantic relationships you can do this to interview somebody for a position in your company you can use this in a mediation or negotiation. I have 35 personal injury attorneys who use this to vet clients and depo and and warm them up for depositions this works everywhere. But it was designed for romance applications and it was designed for women to use on men now men can use it just as powerfully with women. Seth says wow that is why.

I'm good at referring people to others yeah yeah right. This creates powerful connections and feelings of trust and validation and acceptance in everyone that you do this with now the best part is the longer they talk the longer they're in this 3mq process the more. Rapport you're generating the more traction you're generating more trust you're generating people will find it progressively harder to lie to you they will literally flag themselves because in order to lie they have to break. Rapport um.

Stephanie is no. Longer with the company. George. But if you call 858 282 4663 you can talk to.

Moss directly or you can email. Mia at npower.com. But you can also email. Moss at npower.com right.

So this is the idea right. Level two two questions is where the rubber hits the road metaphorically speaking it's at level two questions that you start to really mine the conversation for more and more information and that's what's beautiful about the three magic questions combined with the echo technique it primes the person you're doing this with for increased enhanced self-disclosure they're going to keep talking they're going to be talking about their favorite subject which is themselves which is exactly what you want them to do. So you can decide do they get to go to level three do they stay at level two or do you press the panic button and get the hell out of. Dodge right.

This is where the massive level of profiling happens is at level two now if this person is passing your tests if this person has checked all the boxes and you say hey this person has a pretty good shot of being. Mr or. Mrs. Right.

I'm going to. I'm. I want to hook. Them.

I want to keep them um as an intimate part part of my life in whatever way that that appears for you that's when you go to level three it's really really important before. I start teaching you about level three it's really really important that you know in your heart of hearts six ways since to. Sunday that you want this person to be a part of your life because if you go to level three and you chose wrongly you may wind up with a stalker you may wind up with someone who's border personality and they're going to make your life a living hell. So one of the things you heard me talk about when.

I talk about the universal persuasion protocol. I teach you an attraction. Master killer influence control your state you have to have good. State.

Control through the entire three magic questions process the reason is is because you're going to be generating. Rapport and attraction you're going to be mastering and and. Engineering connection and you will feel those connections too and. So if you don't know exactly what you're sorting for if you can't control your state you will start to give people the benefit of the doubt who you shouldn't be giving the benefit of the doubt how many of you have invested in somebody after a.

First date who had potential anybody oh just the right. Coaching just the right. Support this person could be. X and this person could be.

Y and. I could be the power behind the throne right. How many of you have gotten into a relationship hoping somebody would evolve into what you pictured them to be and just didn't or only got a certain way and. Then stopped three magic questions allows you to circumvent that entire nightmare.

I. Matthew says. I can save her yes. We don't do this again we're here to learn this in the context of therapy in the context of dating and relationships we don't sign up to be people's therapists on a date we do not do that okay.

That's. I'm. I'm telling you this because as you launch into three magic questions if they got stuff it's probably coming out there every now and. Then it'll come up in level two which is again you should check the box right.

We're not here to invest in people with potential we're here to to invest in people who are actualizing their potential who are demonstrating through their words and their behaviors and the stories that they tell that they're quality people that they're going to bring value to their life to your life do you see why it's important to have your [ __ ] together too because if you're someone who doesn't have their [ __ ] together and you're across from someone who does have their [ __ ] together now you become the anchor around their neck and you won't be able to hold on to them they'll they'll they'll they'll um sort for something else. But the more you can raise yourself up the more you can build your inner game your outer game raise your sexual romantic and social value. So that when you're interacting with them they're getting tremendous value from just being in your presence that's a win-win and that's a relationship that people will fight to the death to keep it starts here starts here. So let's assume now that they've checked all the boxes you've you've profiled them maybe you've done a.

Flags uh profile you know. Focus lifestyle associations groups uh from uh the defense against the dark arts training okay. This person appears to be who they say they are they're congruent everything they said matches with my values and my rules their attraction uh um their attachment. Styles and their.

Love. Languages might be the same as mine let's go deeper now you're going to go to level three question level three question you're still going to be echoing and using the master. Echo sequence through the entire formula. But now what you're going to do is you're going to ask them about early positive childhood experiences it could be something as simple as you know you have an interesting accent.

I'm curious where did you grow up where did you what did you love to do when you were a kid what did you play at now that's a really powerful question it doesn't seem like a powerful question. But it seems relatively common every day right. Notice how. I softened it now here's what's going to happen one of several things will happen they'll either actually answer your question oh three things all right.

I'll give you three things they'll either answer your question good sign they will try to evade the question red flag or they will tell you about the shitty thing that happened to them when they were a kid double red flag okay. If you say if you say to somebody. So. I'm curious you have an interesting accent.

I'm curious where did you grow up you know what did you and what did you what did you like to play at when you were a kid what was your favorite thing to do right. And instead of telling you about when they would go snow you know snow snowboarding you know with their best friends you know down the on on the weekends that they start talking about how. Uncle. Ted used to take him back behind the chicken coop to show him a special kind of wrestling um or they start giving you abuse stories or things of that nature on a.

First date that should be a double red flag a because they didn't follow your instructions. B they trauma dumped you which means that a they're looking for a therapist in the guise of a boyfriend or a girlfriend or. B they're going to bring that baggage into your relationship at some point it's going to and they're going to dive bomb you with it right. Remember relationships are are far too important to roll the dice you didn't you didn't log on to this webinar to this training for more chaos to put more.

Randomness into your life you came here to have more power choice and control over the. People. You. Meet who you can attract and who you keep and who you get into a relationship with that means you have to have the coones whether you were biologically born with them or not you have to have the stones to set your boundaries set your your criteria set what you will accept and what you won't in very clear terms and not deviate from it on you know for the sake of.

Charity or compassion right. That's not going to help you and it's certainly not going to help that person okay. Again. I i'.

I've watched the the the tragedies of this for 20 some years in private practice watching people talk about their relationships and the pitfalls watching people go from bad relationship to bad my friends and my colleagues go from bad relationship to bad relationship to bad relationship because they didn't follow the simple rules right. They say the heart wants what the heart wants well maybe. But if that always worked we'd have a much different we'd have a much different world to live in wouldn't we remember and you've heard and if you've studied. Law of.

Attraction if you studied manifestation um any form of uh performance enhancement they're going to tell you you're going to hear this the you're going to become like the top five people you associate with right. If you talk if you if you're surrounded by winners and high high. Achievers and people who are val who bring value to your relationship that's what you're going to become right. If you're around deeply spiritual people who have the same values and the same activities that they love you're going to feel good around those people and you're going to self-actualize that way.

But if you're the square peg in the round hole if everyone around you is negative and underachieving and operating from entitlement or trauma dumping or or projecting their traumas onto you that's what you're going to get you're going to backslide and this is a the this is something that comes up every single time. I teach in any context you have to be very very mindful of the people you surround yourself with. But even more. So the people you share your life with the people you share your bedroom with right.

These are gonna have these people are going to have the most profound impact on you right. If you if you take less care and selecting a date. Then you do a job interview or a job applicant right. We need to change our value our our rules we need to make some we need to have the state control to make some pre hard decisions now that being said.

I'm going to get off my pedestal when you hit. Level three and you ask them about early positive childhood experiences and they actually tell you about that here's what happens the most powerful memories that we as human beings have are the memories that happen between zero and 5 years old after that it's 6 to 13 give her take 6 to 12 those memories form the foundations of our personality our temperament our attitudes our values you name it how many of you by show of hands in the chat have ever met someone and even though you this might be your. First time meeting them or you've only known them for a few minutes or even a couple hours it seems like there's there's a part of you that feels like you've known this person your entire life like there's a part of you that's always been waiting for this person to show up and be that special version or that that special person in your life and maybe the. First time you meet them you meet them and you don't know why it happens.

But you talk to them for 20 minutes or what you thought was 20 minutes and you look. At your watch and like 12 hours have gone by or 10 hours have gone by all you've done is just been absorbed in that experience that process. But you feel like you've known them your whole life even in that short the short amount of time you're together have you guys ever had that experience what if you could create that on demand what if you could cause that with anyone you me that's what level three questions do with level three questions you literally have them go back and recall a memory when they recall that memory the pleasant one it opens up and it plays like a movie they start to have the feelings and the experiences that they were having as that younger version of themselves who are they looking at when those feelings come up what looking at right. Who gets linked to all those feelings that's right.

When you this is called pseudo regression or time. Distortion when you ask somebody about those early positive childhood experiences a portal opens that you walk through or they extend out to you that. Bridges to you and that sense of passage of time that's connected into that memory gets attached to you and as it gets attached to you you literally inject yourself into that memory just as a consequence of them talking about it and they feel like they've known you since that moment and how do people fall in love through shared experiences over time specifically shared emotional experiences over time. So this is one of the reasons why you never use level three questions until you are absolutely sure you want this person to be a part of your life and again in traction.

Mastery you learn all the nuances there's actually amplifiers and force multipliers to this process that make it even more. Unstoppable. But you don't need all that to go out and start using this right. Away.

But if you want the whole system click the links and and we'll get you started on that and we're especially going to cover it in depth at the 3-day get the love you want virtual intensive. But this is the three magic questions protocol level one actually rules a use their words as often as you can use the master. Echo formula never ask a question that can be answered yes. Or no.

Always ask a question that requires an opinion an explanation or a story um level one questions are all about location occasion simple non-threatening superficial questions about who they're with and why they're there. Master. Echo formula move to level three pick careers passions or. Pleasures ask a question pay attention to the response validate the response.

Echo their words ask another question just keep talking just keep listening they'll tell you story after story after. Story and the longer and again you can do this in as little as 20 minutes. But you can take hours if you want to right. If after a certain amount of time you've checked enough boxes you feel pretty confident transition to by the way for most most dating.

Dynamics it's actually never necessary for most other applications as well it's never actually necessary to go beyond level two level three questionings or level three interventions should only be used when you know this is someone you want to be a major part of your life. Part of. Your. Inner.

Circle in some way okay. Whether as a business partner a lover uh long you know a spouse a bestie right. That's that's where the level three comes in level twos you can you can sort them at anywhere from casual acquaintance to you know. Social.

Circle right. But that those level three questions again don't nuke them because you give people don't be in a rush. I like. I don't have a lot of patience which is why.

I don't waste my time on low percentage technique. But the truth is is that um you're never going to go wrong in many cases taking your time vetting these people right. This process works and it works really well now in attraction. Mastery once you've gotten in the level three and you want to take it even deeper there's a 36 question process called the intimacy intensifier interview that will have them wanting to marry you um if that's what you want them to do and it's like a it's like a a game you can play just questions you work into the three magic questions format that just amplifies everything okay.

We'll talk about in attraction. Master you learn about how to demonstrate social status and. V and be seen as a a person of influence and authority and credibility in their world okay. Those are all things that are in the attraction.

Mastery and the unlimited level progr and. Then of course if you actually get to the level where you actually share physical and emotional intimacy now you can unleash the unlimited lover system and they're yours as for as long as you want them they're yours it's it's it's that powerful um it's a little bit more challenging uh for the ladies to do it on the men. But mostly because uh most men have to train to have multiple orgasms um whereas women even people even women who are convinced they can't have an orgasm you can you can show them how to become multi orgasmic very very quickly by matching their projections and giving them what they actually want and need. I know we kind of broke the mood a little bit by talking about sexuality.

But listen you want the whole package you want the whole you don't want just interesting conversations you want fulfilling lasting long-term relationships you need you need the tools right. So if you're if if this has pequ your interest you want access to the whole system you want my personal coaching and mentorship by all means you know click the link www.lpower.com. Lov. R lover uh and we'll get you started on the.

FasTrack to to finding those people getting in the kind of communications and relationships that are really satisfying thrilling and fulfilling to you and uh just and and into relationships that actually just keep getting better okay. Um all right. So we've got about 15 minutes where do you get the qu it's uh it's in the attraction. Mastery.

Program it's called the in uh the intimacy intensifier interview and it's a it's an extension that you either log on to the back of three magic questions or you deploy within level two or three of three magic questions it's in the attraction. Mastery uh formula okay. What other questions do you have um oh while while you're coming up with your questions let me just review for us um what the offer is. So once again if you we're going to start you with the ingame training the self-mastery supercharger 20 497 value we're going to give you the soulmate.

Secrets master class uh and all the the workbooks and manuals that come with that $1,997 value we're going to give that to you absolutely free you're going to get the attraction. Mastery rapid attraction secrets for dating mating and relating home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the secret orgasm tips how to have the best sex ever home study course um the course that started it all really $497 value going to give this to you absolutely free you're going to get the unlimited lover. Advanced. Love.

Making. Secrets and sexual skills uh training program valued at $1,997 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. NLP. Mastermind mentoring program and the 13 year uh.

Mastermind archive. Valu at $891 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course that at $997 we're going to give that to you free and of course uh for the. Next 21 people to click that link right. Now you'll get a free.

VIP seat at our. Next our our our only as a matter of fact getting the love you want hidden secrets of love and attraction virtual master class scheduled for. March 8th to. March 10th 20124 uh streamed live from.

San. Diego it's a $2,497 value we're going to include this for you absolutely free is our way to get you on the fast track to getting the love you want the way that you want it um total package value if you were to grab it buy it individually on the website which some of these you can't um like you can't get. So many as of today. Last time.

I looked you couldn't get soulmate. Secrets through n power it's $2,873 you get it all for one low installment it's is $9.97 or if you want you can break that up into three easy installments of 3.97 each how much is your happiness. Worth right. If you keep doing what you've always done you'll always get what you've always gotten if you want something different you got to do something different.

So if you're ready to level up click the link right. Now go to www.lpower.com. Lov click the link before. I log off.

So you can qualify for those fast action bonuses uh click that link and while you're doing that again if you have questions go ahead and reach out to. Moss or. Mia and. I've got uh 13 minutes before.

I need to jump out. So tell me what do you want to know about what questions do you have has this been helpful has this been useful for everybody cool starting to wonder. Andrew says. I keep trening out.

So. I'm going to go with yes. Definely every time. I'm on planet.

David something unlimited lover is. So powerful. Matthew said it is it's really powerful non-stop value step says thank you. I don't want to get off the subject okay.

Don't get off the subject. Then all right. Okay. Um no.

Other questions you guys are smart. James. James what's just. James.

James says can you use pressure points oh. God yes. What do you want me to use. PR pressure points for.

Letta says something good will happen. Nicole says what are the behavior signs and individuals do when they like you um when you when you see pupil dilation when you see vental orientation when you see head tilts these are signs that somebody likes what they see what. I mean when. I say vental orientation their their their.

Center. Line faces you okay. Um depending on where they are in the stages of love and attraction you may see uh if they want to be kissed you may see the lower lips start to swell it's interesting that arousal makes all labial surfaces swell. So if someone's talking to you at the beginning like this and by the end they look.

Like. Angelina. Jolie they're excited okay. But a lot of people intentionally um a lot of people intentionally inflate their lips to have that that look.

So you have to get a baseline. But. I would look. At pupil dilation vental orientation head tilts look.

At grooming behaviors. Palm showing things of that nature these are all things that somebody does when they're surrendering to to feelings you're welcome. Nicole um anybody else you got questions. I got answers wow.

I'm either a great teacher how to give a great. Valentine's. Day date the secret to it is to ask the person what um what their favorite. Valentine's.

Day date was that or the favorite. Valentine story that they ever heard and find a way to match it or to to to use it. I have. I have actually some really sneaky in a nice way ways to do that um remember here.

I'll give you this. I'll give you this one for free remember. I said that that people are always projecting their inner. World onto the outer world oh.

Sam's asking. I already purchased attraction. Mastery what would be the best course of action for me reach out to. Moss and let him know that you already have attration.

Mastery and he'll let you swap out a course of equal or lesser value uh for the attraction. Mastery. Program um and or issue you a. VIP ticket for an event whichever one works best for you what if they haven't had one before well.

Then it's really simple. So you talk about your favorite. Val your favorite. Valentine's.

Day date and. Then you turn it around say. I'm curious if you could if you could like pick your favorite fantasy. Valentine's.

Day what what would it be now the secret this this is called elicitation by the way uh the technical term is informational altruism when you volunteer information people feel socially uh socially accountable for giving you the same information in return. So if you want to be kind of sneaky about it you'd start talking about what your friend did on their. Valentine's. Day and what your your sister's husband did for her on her.

Valentine's. Day and you talk about what yours did. Then you can. Then they'll either often volunteer what their favorite.

Valentine. Day date would be was or might be or you can just ask. So. I'm curious what's what does it for you what what what would make what makes the best.

Valentine's. Day. Ever right. And they'll usually tell you or come up with something other also when you're telling all these other stories watch your pupils dilate watch her forward tilts watch which one she responds to most strongly and to use that as your template see.

L again it's all about understanding projection oh let me let me finish my story back before. I became. Darth. Snider.

I was living in uh. Fort. Lauderdale. Florida.

Coral. Springs and. I was working at a shoe store out there and. I was always one of the top salesmen in my in my in my region right.

I work my way up from a $600,000 unit uh to 1.5 million unit and. I was always in the top three districtwide and. I was also the number one salesman in accessories. So when people would come in and buy shoes they would buy shoe bows or non skids or nylons or socks.

I was the top guy always in accessory sales now how the hell does this relate to dating real simple. I hacked. I hacked humans even at that age in my early 20s when people. I knew that people did what they did before.

So when people would come in and they'd come and they'd look. At a shoe they'd always look. At what was new. But after watching people enough.

I realized something that no. Matter what shoe they looked at when they came in they always bought what was on their feet or the newest version of what was on their feet or if they bought a different shoe the. Next shoe they bought was going to be the one that was on their feet. So what.

I figured out was this was that every time they would ask me to go bring in a shoe. I would look. At what's on their feet and the other shoe because they always wanted us to upsell. I would bring out the newest version of the shoe they were wearing guess which one they bought most of the time you will almost never go wrong recreating a person's.

Peak experience right. Uh when we get together on. March 8th through the 10th. I will tell you some of the.

Romantic exploits that. I've done now when. I say romantic. I don't mean seduction what.

I mean is engineering romantic experiences for people there was one. I did anything could have gone wrong. But it went off perfectly and. I surprised somebody on their birthday they didn't even know.

I was in the state right. In fact they were convinced that. I was actually playing a video game with them four states away. I.

I'll. I'll explain that when. I see you on on the eth through the 10th it's not just about the sex it's not just about the communication it's about understanding romance and what what. Tri what signals romance to your partner it's the whole package right.

But people will constantly project into the world their world and if you can match it and give it to them they'll move. Heaven and. Earth to hold on to you like it's nobody's business it's just it's magic it really is and it's it's almost it's almost not fair because it's. So simple it's not always easy it's not always easy that's why picking the right.

Partner is. So critical right. One of the reasons. I.

I was actually named on the top 10 attraction experts and seduction. Experts of 2003 wasn't because. I got a high body count you guys know what that means high body count the reason one of the reasons was that. I knew how to engineer such powerfully satisfying relationships that people would my my partners would literally do anything.

I wanted whenever. I wanted because they were. So happy and fulfilled and. I could.

I could. I could manage multiple long-term relationships at the same time with complete honesty openness and integrity how by understanding what truly fulfills a person right. Now obviously. I'm sing.

I'm. I'm married. I'm you know. I've put many of those days behind me.

But. I wouldn't trade those most of those experiences for anything in the world because it taught me about what's true it taught me about how people really work and if you want that information if you want to understand this world better than 99.99% of the people on the planet at least in this context click that link and get this information. So. I can teach you what almost nobody knows okay.

Like. I said. I'm only offering this once uh and. I really really want to see you on.

March 8th through the 10th. So please uh just um hold on a. Second let me just review this for you because. I know we're coming up on our our time limit.

So once again you're going to get the self-mastery supercharger home study course you're going soulmate. Secrets. Master. Class the attraction.

Mastery uh rapid attraction. Secrets training 4-day training with the manual $1,997 value you're going to get the secret orgasm tips how to have the best sex ever home study course plus bonuses that's. Deluxe course. So $497 value you're going to get the unlimited lover.

Advanced. Love. Making. Secrets.

Master. Class $1,997 value you're going to get the. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program three-month trial membership plus the 13-year archive $891 uh value free you're going to get the stealth instant conversational hynosis crash course 900 $197 value free you're going to get the.

VIP. T super ticket to the getting the love you want 3-day virtual intensive teaching you have the hidden secrets of love and attraction and. V uh virtual master class it's a $2,497 value and again you can watch it from the privacy of your own home um it's going to be completely virtual total package is $2,873 you can grab it all for 997 or if you need to help you can break that up into three easy installments of just 3.97 each all you got to do is click this link right. Now go to www.lpower.com slash lover click the link click the link click the link uh while you're doing that.

I'm. G to skim through some of these questions let. I wanted to know about the something good will happen method on getting what you want that's a that's a manifestation technique um that works if you are uh really good at image cycling. Simon.

King says what if. I kiss someone on the cheek and now they won't talk to me is there something. I can say or do to rec contct her or to re. First of all.

I would reach if if they're not talking to you. I'm not sure. I'd want to talk to them if if a kiss on the cheek made them that creeped out. I'm gonna go out on a li here and say there's either something really wrong with them or there were some signs that you missed.

But the. First thing. I would do is send them an email and. I would say hey.

I just wanted to apologize if if. I if. I cross some boundaries um. I was feeling very connected to you and it's quite obvious now that um maybe you didn't feel that way or or or.

I may have triggered something and. I just wanted you to know that. I was wrong and. I'm sorry and.

I would really appreciate if if you would give me a chance to clear the air right. Um and. Then send it you know when you're ready to reach you know you know give me your phone number or whatever contact information and send it and leave it at that and they'll either reach out to you or they won't um one of the worst things you can do is keep texting them okay. But what you want to do is you want to just get it out in the open look.

Hey sorry. I. I you know. I just wanted to reach out and uh say hey if.

I did anything to offend you. I crossed the line. I shouldn't have. I just wanted to let you know.

I'm deeply sorry. I was wrong and uh you know. I misread the situation and. I hope uh hope you can talk to me and we can work you know you can tell me how.

I should behave in the future right. Um. Nicole's asking me what's your favorite technique to teach really depends on the context um context text. I love.

I love language patterns. I love three magic questions. I love the the seven stages of what. I call the mating dance these are all things that um give me the greatest amount of.

Leverage. I just finished three days on it conversational belief change which was absolutely fun people loved it um. Letta says why guys say they want to be alone all the time even to good people who care well well again that's that's an interesting statement. I don't have a context.

So you have to give me more information on that laa maybe in the comment section of uh after this video goes live if you give me more detail. I can answer. I can give you a better answer okay. So if she hasn't called for month it may be that um she just is going through some [ __ ] right.

Now if her dad just passed she may have walked into a whole bunch of probates there could be any number of reasons. I would call her and say hey. I'm really concerned. I haven't heard from you you know um if.

I said or did anything to offend you please let me know. I'm. I'm deeply sorry. I was wrong for doing it um and and see where she goes from there right.

Remember here's here's one of the hardest things to remember when it comes to interpersonal communication now this is something that. I teach all of my killer influence students all my hypnotherapy students all my social. Dynamic students is that when people get triggered in front of you or what appears to be at you there's a good chance nine times out of 10 that what they're acting where they're acting out from has nothing to do with you you're just in the line of fire. So in.

Simon's case like we see here her behavior may have absolute. Ely nothing with what you did right. But we're automatically again if we're nobody's controlling the narrative. So we automatically skew negative.

So just leading with with the the the obvious infraction or potential infraction and. Then going from there is the best way to reopen lines of communication. But understand that even that kiss on the cheek may have triggered a complete set of associations to something that had nothing to do with you and it's hard sometimes to really. Embrace that that understanding um.

But that's it's actually true more than it isn't. So. I wouldn't. I wouldn't take it to heart too much.

But. I would lead with. I'm sorry. I was wrong be prepared for whatever venting she needs to do don't get reactive to that because after she vents things will get better.

But if you try to fight back or defend yourself when she's venting if that's what happens you'll only make it worse again we'll talk about we'll talk about these relationship. Dynamics in uh in the 3-day we'll talk about it a lot in soulmate. Secrets when you get the course um these are all things that we we touch on in terms of communication and relational. Dynamics you need to understand how genders are primed to respond.

So you can do you can do something effective rather than defensive okay. So. I hope everybody has had a good time um in the words of the immortal. Carol.

Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes a time we have to say salom good night everybody. I hope you enjoyed the webinar click this link right.

Now and let's become the best lovers we can be at every stage of the relationship it's a superpower and you deserve to have it. I love you good night and. God bless everyone talk to you soon.
