Title: gLOVifg8fS8.txt
Video Id: gLOVifg8fS8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLOVifg8fS8

Vibrational influence this particular training you guys technically qualify for it now good you've gone through state control you've gone through some of the report drills and you've most importantly gone through self-directed transport every single thing that you just did in that hour from tea time to to noon you can do remotely on other people once you understand the. Bluetooth connection which we taught you. First you. First them to develop it within a few feet of each other once you once your your experience level or your your reality has been opened enough from that phenomenon to accept the possibility of even further connections and things like that it becomes possible to access other people's neurology and influence them at a distance the training coming up in.

Peterborough. Next week is a deep dive into that concept. I don't believe. I think when.

I when. I teach these things. I try very hard to stay realistic and not go to off far off into the ozone. So when we talk about these things we tried very different very very very much to stay on the side of the neuroscience because.

I can't point to an. Anatomy book. And show you a chakra. I can't show you this is cheb no.

Channel. I can't show you your auntie karana. I can't show you all of these spiritual organs. But.

I can show you the physiological correlates and. I can tell you and explain to you in very nuts-and-bolts real-world scientific terms how they work and we can utilize them to create practical repeatable phenomenon and that's really what vibrational influence in bit in the world according to. David is button why you have to have prerequisites to get in. I'm done spent.

I'm done trying to spend the. First two days of a three-day training convincing people this shit's real okay. I'm also kind of tired of magical thinking and what. I mean by that is people coming in thinking they can just do an exercise once or twice and.

Then the. Red. Sea is get apart okay. There is a systematic everything.

I'm doing is based on a combination of the most cutting-edge neuroscience mind-body technologies and ancient hermetic principles which. I believe. Hermes was either was. Egyptian /.

Greek. So. I'm in the right. Place apparently maybe that's why he was blinking and.

So everything. I'm doing is based on hermetic laws and ancient practices not rites of worship or you know what sacrifices or anything like that what we're talking about is more akin to yogic practices that are designed to evolve your neurology. So that you can more fully integrate all the little levels of yourself both subtly and and course work and interact with the quantum universe more fashion efficiently it's law of attraction on steroids okay. Because well beyond that right.

Modern-day approaches to. Law of. Attraction aren't really just rehab rebranding of diluted magical mystical principles that go back to. Hermes.

Trismegistus. Hermes the thrice-great the author of the so-called. Emerald. Tablet if you've ever seen the movie the secret and you remember that opening scene where he's doing that little rubbing allegedly what that's supposed to represent is him sneaking into the library and making a rubbing of the.

Emerald. Tablet and beating feet out right. Well there. Herman.

Hermes did codify certain key principles a pathway the way this universe works none of which by the way flicked with modern physics fact they're parallel to modern physics fact that they're over 5,000 years old might mean he might have knew something we didn't. I he had different tools. But she can develop yourself obviously look. What you've done in what like five days look.

What you can do. So everything that we do is built in a progression especially for vibrational influence because like. I said earlier vibrational influence is one of those areas energetics is one of those areas where people sell you energy and they're giving you suggestion and vice versa you need both if you don't understand that dynamics of either you're at the mercy of whatever comes your way and. So vibrational influence is all about taking the.

Next step it's about taking the state control the the parents trucks that you've worked with and tapping into the non-local effects of your autonomic nervous system some of you may know this some of you may not and back in the early 90s. I was the president of the. International. Association of remote viewers our.

American. Association of remote viewers a arv. I only did that for a year or two. But.

I helped. I develop. I practiced. I was a remote viewer.

I helped to develop some of their remote influence protocols which. I'm teaching in this class. But. But what.

I was teaching was the the the remote system developed by the. United. States military during their operation our project. Stargate days and a girl flame and things like that.

So and. I was very closely connected to some some pretty people important people in that industry and. So that's where. I learned it from.

I'm gonna teach you what. I learned in that training as well as how to extend that into remote influence technologies and one of the things that you'll be doing in that class among many other things is you'll be learning how to access people's nervous systems from a distance and you'll actually be having people hooked up to machines will take baseline blood pressure heartbeat pulse you'll take baseline readings and you'll actually actively change those things and. Then as you get further along the progression you'll be starting to do blind work where you don't even know who you're influencing and you're randomly assigned to affect the heart rate the blood pressure body temperature and the person you're influencing won't know who's influencing them. So the progressions get that way because you need feedback just like when we were doing we went you when we put you into trance for 30 seconds you had no.

Idea if you were doing it right. Or not until all of a sudden the people went off with your fingers up and you're out of trance and also oh my god the world shifts right. So it's not uncommon for people to like to tap into somebody's nervous system and shoot their blood pressure up by 80 points or drop it by 80 points we had one blade wheel and you did not didn't believe it for it to work we have one guy his name was. Jacob you know.

Jacob stuff you were actually at that training we had one guy come in he just came in cuz he was at converse he was one of our conversational hypnosis students and he just wanted to come to training because he was curious he didn't believe in any of this stuff and there was one lady working the work in the front desk and we had run out of people to play with that hadn't been exposed to this you know. So they pulled her in and. Jacob was randomly assigned to raise her body temperature or something like that. So she comes in and all the guys just take her off and it off to the side and her stood in the table just kind of shooting the having a good conversation.

Jacobs off in the corner going running ranch just whatever you know whatever he's doing to tap into her neurology about ten minutes. Later. I walked by the table sweat is pouring off this woman. Then.

I go are you okay. You're sweating all over she was don't you feel that it's hot in here right. She thought we were all doctors because of all the medical equipment right. But in the meantime he just he was randomly assigned to do those things and and you will you'll we have a book.

I bought about 10 brand new blood pressure monitors and ten and new thermometers. So everything we do is about testable repeatable phenomena will teach you about sound work and how it affects your proprioceptive how how you can use sound to make the energy meridians of the body stronger or weaker how you can get rapport not just with people. But with elements. So that you can take on the attributes of fire you can take on the attributes of water or earth or ether which is what trances people out by the way you fill the room with ether they all go into trance forgot whether they want to or not right.

These are all things that our practice is that you'll learn about you'll learn about how you deliver learn all the different models of energy healing that. I know reiki. DNA theta healing. Bengston pranic healing.

Hoonah work you'll learn some of the ways that energetic healing that are unique to the hermetic systems i'll give you all the books that you can study we'll give you special breathing practices that allow you to literally breathe pain out of your body if you're familiar with the systemic work that. I do you'll find that pretty much everything they're doing in system inch as far as internal work goes is textbook. For medics because ancient. Systema is based on a.

Christian process known as hesychasm which is. Christian aesthetic it's like. Christian yogic yogi or a. Christian monk.

So a lot of their martial practices are descended from these yoga practices you'll learn how it all integrates you'll learn about how to what. I call the ultimate law of attraction or the ultimate manifestation technique which is a derivative of the. Bankston image cycling process and. I have not found a more powerful rapid-fire bulletproof manifestation tool ever.

I have manifested literally impossible okay. Hard is easy impossible takes a little longer okay. This doctorate program you keep hearing me complain about shouldn't happen glad you asked two years ago. I tried to do this program and.

I you know when you're applying to a university the. First thing they want to know is did you graduate did you get all your course requirements all that good stuff. So you do the hunt for transcripts right. So.

I went to this cool course college not college name started accumulating all my transcripts and. I sent them all in a couple weeks. Later. I get a phone call an email back saying you're nine credits short.

So you need to either take these classes before you can start or we can't accept you. I'm like okay. Well. I've got a few you know a few months.

I'm not in any rush. So. I said. I said.

But. I'm. I don't have a lot of patience like when. I went to undergraduate education.

I tested out of to complete semesters because. I didn't want to take the prereqs. So. I could graduate with a 4.0.

I hacked the system a little bit all playing that one. Later. But. Anyway.

So. I'm not real patient when it comes to certain things. I didn't know spinning. Then.

I really did spinning didn't happen till 2005 right. I mean up until. Then. I was doing pretty well.

But yeah. I was still in my. Darth. Schneider days.

So moving on you'll also learn defense against the dark arts and psychic self-defense in this class psychic self defense and defense against the dark arts and things like that how to keep people from cursing you break curses like that. But it's a little bit more scientific. But going back to the going back to the okay. Apparently nobody wants me to here.

Anyway. So here's the deal. I tried every possible way to get those nine credits actually was six credits six credits. I tried clapping them which is a you you get the books you read the books you go and you take a computerized exam if you pass it doesn't it gets either a pass/fail it doesn't count against or for your.

GPA right. And. I've done that in my undergrad. So.

I figure. I could do that that didn't work out warning roadblock after another. I tried to enroll in an online class at a local. Community.

College to do these classes. I couldn't make heads or tails out of the interface. I wound up starting. Later and.

I went up dropping the clock is good it didn't work after three or four to other abortive attempts to get the credits. I said you know what something will happen when the time is right. And. I just went about that's my mantra by the way whenever.

I'm saying whenever. I'm activating the law of attraction that's my magic word something will happen you may have heard me say that from time to time and. Then something. Then happens he could tell you some really funny happens right.

In front of him right. I'll give you three three impossible stories and. Then we'll go on okay. First one.

So about a year goes by almost. Macau in fact the anniversary data when. I submitted the transcripts the. First time.

I get a call from. Pacific. College of. Oriental.

Medicine they're doing a standard revision a review of all of our internal audit of all their applicants and they've looked at my transcripts again no. Keep in mind. I had them check my transcripts four times to make sure. I was short because.

I was pretty sure it wasn't because we've reviewed your transcript we found out you're actually nine credits over would you like to start your classes yeah think before it and. I already knew something was gonna happen. I just didn't know when. I just gave it and set it together go right.

But a year prior to that two years prior to that actually my kids are in a go to a nursery school it's a private school. I never pretty. I never imagined having it having kids in a private school that just was not something growing. I did.

I grew up very middle-class like lower middle class and my my oldest daughter cassia she said she had some special needs that needed attention there was this one teacher at this. Montessori. School that just made her shine just was just a real bonding experience and we had her a tutoring and doing everything we could have spent as much time with this teacher the school was purchased by another. Montessori group who were accredited through a different organization and only student only teachers who had the accreditation of the new the new organization were allowed to me to stay there well she wasn't and.

So she had to leave now my wife god bless her when she believes in something she will she is the most relentless pigheaded stubborn passionate passionate my wife waged a one-woman war to keep that teacher at that school she had meetings she was she took. Time she her practice almost went out. But under because she was fighting. So hard to keep that teacher at that's going keep other teachers at that school and about about nine months into it it was really was really a long life long process as it was coming to about the nine of nine month mark it looked like she was going to leave the the teacher had given her some recommendations for other schools they she was just not able to stay and the teacher we were trying to keep had just had just been given a job offer from in front of school at.

Hong. Kong right. So. I'm watching my wife because.

I don't interfere. I don't interfere and. I can see she's frustrated. I can see she's you know just kind of at her wits end and.

I looked at her and. I said and we'd already been scouting other schools and on recommendation to this teacher right. So we chose a. Mission.

Bay. Montessori and as the school we were gonna go to in place of this one something will happen and she just looked at me she knows and right. Around the discarded this school season which was this was. I think.

I found if my timing is right. I had this conversation with her in. June school started and. I walked to.

August beginning of. September she comes in. I forget exactly what the day was kids are getting ready to school she goes guess who just got hired by. Mission.

Bay. Montessori right. They hired the teacher she was there for two two and a half years. So my daughter got to continue working with that instructor and she's been doing amazing ever since impossible.

I don't know right. Last one. Then. I'll.

I won't bore you anymore the. Last killer influenced training we had everything that could have went wrong went wrong with regards to we had these cool little swag bags that we hand out right. Little with your little manuals and stuff like that and for some reason. I never seem to get them ordered on time don't know why don't need to be in.

Cyprus to be relaxed right. But. So we're setting up we don't have our bags we told we're told of the bags just got delivered they won't be done until the. Next day.

So we can come and come come the. Next day and get them they had literally just come in like that afternoon there were 80 bags to be screen-printed. I said something will happen at quarter when was it 4:30 quarter to 5:00 something like that at 4:30 to the quarter 5:00 yeah yeah. So we're at.

Office. Depot buying lights cuz the room that they chose was really dark and. I just. I don't like low lighting it puts me to sleep.

So we bought we're buying these lights. I get this phone call now we're probably know well will you shut the up speak when. I tell you to speak dammit thank you. So if.

Then there's six of us. So there were like six witnesses for this right. There's me there's. Seth it was.

Jeff. Schneider. Phil from. Down.

Under who played. Darth. Vader in. Australia.

So my students really are my student really is. Darth. Vader who else was there was this. I don't know.

I don't extend on theis to. Anyway there was there was enough witnesses to like you know populate my minivan. So. I'm literally we're coming out on.

Home. Depot. I get a call at 4:30 your bags are done not only has they arrived they have been printed and they were dry and ready to be picked up by 4:30 when can you come and get them how about now right. Now 4:30 in.

San. Diego is not a good time be on the road because the traffic pattern looks something like this it's interesting really if you think about it because the traffic traffic is bad in. San. Diego traffic is bad in.

Los. Angeles. But they're bad in different ways in. Los.

Angeles the traffic goes like this right. In. San. Diego it's more like this all right.

So. I'm like when do you close 6 o'clock no. Was it fun thank you for making me look. Better yeah there were there was out from what.

I know of. San. Diego traffic that time of day during the week there was no. Way we were making that drive.

So 20-minute. Drive when there's no. Traffic we get on the road it's a ghost town there is nobody on the road. I literally said this is unusual they said shut up you're jinx it.

So. I literally we literally got there in like ten minutes. I walk in. I pick up the bags.

I throw them in the car and. I'm thinking okay. Now the shoe is gonna drop cuz now. I'm going the other way it's a ghost town we got back about quarter after five all the bags were out they were all looking at you to see if you had a comment right.

I got nothing. I got right. Well yep if you ever get a chance to meet my wife asked her about her magic ring this is an earlier law of attraction yes. I said.

I was only gonna tell three. But my wife is very very specific about things she's very very particular she is in the luminescence technology that. I teach he's what we call it tone for. I'm a tone three all.

I care about is getting done all she cares about is getting finished and. I'll explain the difference if. I need to put water glasses on the table done if she's putting water glasses on the table because it's not finished yet. So when she described her perfect wedding ring it was a journey.

So he's this it's a thin. But it's a round band obviously. But it has very hard rigid like squarish edges you know the ones that are kind of neuro they look. Kind of soft like mine's very kind of soft a little bit my original one was and.

Then she wanted a weak pattern around it in like. I think it was platinum or white gold size six and we were getting now we got married we decided to just go to a. Las. Vegas and get it done right.

We didn't invite anybody. So. I've got two days to find this ring. I went to every single jewelry store in.

San. Diego from. North. County to.

South. County nobody had. I had one that was in the ballpark. But still just wasn't right.

So. I'm like okay. This is on you big guy something will happen right. So.

I'm driving home and. I'm driving by. Fashion. Valley.

Mall. I get an urge to go in now. I'm walking down one of the aisles and there's this jewelry store that's cuts clearance sale. Mike.

I walk in and. I walk up to the guy and. I say. I'm looking for something very specific.

I need a white gold wedding ring or saw our platinum wedding ring with a wheat pattern with hardened edges in the size six do you have anything and he looked at me like you dick who the put you up to this am i huh he was. I just had somebody cancel a ring exactly like that in size six. I'm like okay. I didn't ask the price right.

Yeah [Music]. I know you're gonna continue. But just on the manifestation thing like what do you think a manifestation you think of the broad topics like wealth and love and that's like you know the general thing. But.

I had a question in my mind actually a month ago of like how if your perception is limited on what's possible like what are things that are possible to manifest outside those topics and you can anything you can think of what you can't think of it manifests the ability to think about it like a manifest expanded understanding of what you can do with it that's because that's what. I do that's it it's like my you use your heart to get better at your art right. See that's the problems people get distracted they think oh once. I understand.

I can go guy got a car and get. TV and. I use it for knowledge that's it. So outside of the material what's the expanded perception of what's possible what if we don't know.

Then you use you that's what you manifest into knowing the discovery get it and. Then all of a sudden epiphanies will come out of nowhere okay. So vibrational influence do we normally teach it in a three-date format where we cover all the different models of energy healing from. Bankston to the theta to.

Reiki to pranic healing as well as very foreign various forms of. Qi. Gong and energetic healing these are things that are additive in in addition to the application specific things and you learn how they all work you learn which ones are best suited for other types of things you learn about we call sound which is a derivative of my martial arts training and how to use sound to affect people's bodies for self-defense and other applications you'll learn the remote viewing and remote influencing processes we just talked about what else do we cover viewing it was healing not a healing work and that's really that's using enough for a three day. But in this one.

I'm gonna actually show you some more advanced yoga mudra work that. I do some energy transformation work where. I turn. Chi.

Chi into. Jing which is a more electrical form of. Chi and how the. Chinese do it and all these things of how to use these things to empower your all of your other abilities mm-hmm yeah we may do no.

Touch stuff. I don't know how physical it will be somewhat of a physical class. I don't know how physical the people at the class want to be if we want to do some of the martial energetics the energetic self-defense stuff we're probably gonna do that. I brought.

So much stuff with me on this is ridiculous. But. Anyway for those of you who are interested in that we do have a three day coming up in. Las.

Vegas as well it's part of a nine day special that we're running we're gonna put for those of you who want the five to longer five-day. I've actually pulled things out that. I never thought. I was really going to teach we're gonna spend a lot of time on the energy cycling system and how it relates and how to use it we're gonna be teaching if you how many people are familiar with a practice known as coochie-coochie kiri or coogee in it's a it's a system of if you ever watch the old ninja movies where they're doing all these weird hand movements to summon up all these these metaphysical abilities.

I've spent the. Last 20 years reverse engineering that system and what. I found was pretty freakin cool and that's something. I've never taught anyone anywhere.

I've kept it for me. But. I used image cycling color breathing as well as. HMR type stuff to energize and activate that if you guys are interested in.

Kabbalah and how that relates to all this stuff you'll be learning you'll see how it all relates all the things. I'm teaching are at their core a derivative of the. Hermetic systems and once you understand how the how they all relate to one another you have a much more comprehensive approach and you'll find that people go into trance from really freaking fast around you like that you might have noticed that already okay. For those of you who would like a better excuse to journey to the.

United. States. August 2019 we're doing a three-day trip training in what. I call killer charisma secrets of hyper suggestibility and.

Defense. Against the. Dark. Arts these are a very distilled concentrated version of our killer influence course combined with some material on the psychology of.

Attraction and how to hack it to make people hyper suggestible to you hyper loyal how to screen for social predators because social predators are extremely adept at looking like nice guys we're nice girls smaller percentage or female. But still out here the source material is derived from the work of. Wendy. Patrick thanks.

Wendy. Patrick who wrote a book. Called red flag which is gonna be this some of the source material which is a system. Cobb it's an acronym that teaches you how to screen for social predators what to look.

For con men human traffickers potential date rapers okay. Mm-hmm because these people are amazingly there's what. Wendy did was she would prefer cheated on who. Wendy is she it was the assistant deputy district attorney for the city of.

San. Diego and she prosecuted sex crimes sorry. I'm. COFF me terrible and she took.

What she'd learned from from spending time with these predators and she she actually wrote a thesis on the psychology of. Attraction and how these. Predators actually distort and hack the law of attraction to groom their victims and to load them into such a state of suggestibility and loyalty that even after these people have been caught their victims still seek them out and want to spend time with them okay. This is some heavy-duty stuff.

But remember the technology in and of itself is neutral. So. I want to share that with you and. Then you guys can either use it as a way to protect yourself you can use it as a way to empower your sessions or to create better relationships or protect yourself from potentially toxic ones.

So that's why we're calling it killer charisma. Defense. Against the. Dark.

Arts because you'll learn you know because in order to defend yourself from covert-hypnosis and covert influence you must. First understand how to use covert hypnosis and covert influence. So the. First day and a half to two days is gonna be nothing like covert hypnosis training conversational hypnosis non it's going to be more the killer influence curriculum after the.

First day which is all language it's going to be on perhaps emic operators how to manage the environment how to screen people how to profile people how to. Col read people things of that nature that give you a tremendous advantage in understanding and predicting human behavior and. Then knowing what buttons to press. Then we're gonna teach you about another five phase persuade our psychology of.

Attraction system creates tremendous bonding with people and. Then we're teach you the flag the red flag system which is how to scream these people. So you can make sure that the people that appear to be nice guys or nice girls are actually who they say they are that make sense it is a very proactive system and that's one of the reasons why these people can get it over on you is because they spend it that one of the. First phases of that system is called being proactive they spend a inordinately their victims learning what their emotional needs are what their emotional hungers are and grooming themselves changing themselves to perfectly match that okay.

Now why because once something really feels too good or whatever we stop scanning to see if it really is that good. So to flip that over if you want to be able to protect yourself from these people you must be willing to be proactive as well which means you can't just do a cursory examination there are a simple system that. Wendy created which. I think is dramatically useful for anybody it's a it's a very good book.

For beginning for people who don't have a lot of background in this stuff and it will tell you where to go flags focus lifestyle groups and affiliations tense things you look. At without being in front of the person if you know three magic questions protocol it's even easier to do these things because. Then it becomes harder and harder for people to lie to you. So we're gonna be that's a three day pre conference in.

August 13th through the 15th red flags doesn't matter they want it now right. After that there's gonna be three days of the world's largest most fun hypnosis convention tip no. Thoughts live 2019 mm-hmm. I'm teaching to breakouts during the convention we're supposed to be giving me a suite in which case.

I'll be having small classes in my room right. And. Finally the at the end of that training is a three-day vibrational influence and that's our standard curriculum it's not the extent expanded forbidden stuff that. I never teach and.

I'm only doing the the one in. UK because it is a five-day and they only get me once a year. So. I didn't feel like it was enough to just give them the three-day.

So. I gave the extra secret sauce. So if you're interested in that stuff. I encourage you to come out.
