Title: GMDaLJwCW_0.txt
Video Id: GMDaLJwCW_0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMDaLJwCW_0

This stuff can really burn up brain sugar okay. So in order to keep you from bonking out at the best possible moments if you get hungry if you get a sugar craving or whatever unless you're here for curbing sugar cravings and we'll work around that help yourself seriously you'll find that the more oxytocin that gets into your system regardless of how it gets there actually makes it easier for you to change yourself it's the biochemical basis for what uh the scientists call neuroplasticity okay. Uh the the best metaphor i come up with a lot of times everybody knows what chicken wire is okay. It's this little inter-whip is this wheat this woven chain it's very thin very easy to shape if you imagine the nerves in your that make up your brain as this interlinked chicken wire fence it's pretty plastic as you get older it tends to get a little bit more rigid.

But when oxytocin floods the system it's like somebody took. A blow torch and started to heat up the chicken wire and it gets really really soft and flexible and changeable and. Then you can easily move and reshape the neurological connections in your brain to be whatever you want it to be and when the chicken wire cools off that's what becomes permanent now one of the ways that i can sneak change into you is to give you lots and lots of candy specifically chocolate okay. Aside from those wonderful good feelings you get you also get a little rush of pleasure now there's another way come on in there's another way that you can create powerful change in yourself rapidly on a bio you're close you've been to my other meetups on a biochemical level and that is through stimulating the release of oxytocin yourself through intense pleasure intense joy how many people here actually practice feeling really good for no.

Friggin reason okay. We guess what we're starting today okay. You see most of us spend a heck of a lot more time practicing crappy states and feeling crappy or feeling stressed or feeling tense than we do feeling good okay. How many people here actually believe in something called the law of attraction raise your hands okay.

Good how many people here actually make it work oh we have more work to do don't we you ever wonder why i did what the book. Says why didn't it work maybe they left a few things out they did you see one of the primary facets of the law of attraction ladies and gentlemen is that you will attract into your life whatever is energetically or vibrationally in harmony with your dominant thoughts that's great that's absolutely true except for one small problem your dominant thoughts are not what you think they are you see we think that our dominant thoughts are the ones we're aware of we think that the dominant thoughts are the ones that are always that we're consciously paying attention to and creating no. Your dominant thoughts are the ideas feelings make note of that word feelings and beliefs that are percolating below the level of conscious awareness they're your beliefs about what you deserve and what you can have and how it should happen for you and for most of us those beliefs are outside of conscious awareness we default to those whenever we stop using our willpower how many people here have ever heard the phrase when the willpower and the imagination are in conflict that's that said right. When the imagination and willpower are in conflict the imagination always wins how many have heard that before oh boy we have a lot of work to do okay.

If you're going to engage the law of attraction ladies and gentlemen you must learn to work with the imagination okay. Because your willpower only lasts for as long as you can consciously pay attention to something and that only lasts for as long as you have enough blood sugar in your system and sleep. So you need to get a lot of sleep and you need to eat on a regular basis the right. Kind of stuff yes.

So if i go to sleep at 3 or 4 in the morning studying and working and stuff that's not good i'm sleeping three or four hours a day sometimes well if that come on in ladies and gentlemen fine if that's natural for you and it's productive i'm not gonna say don't do it because i'm one of those people that i like to think i'm a morning person until i actually have to get up come on in put yourself home the truth of the matter is we all have to figure out what's right. For us there's a lot of agencies out there that will give us standardized protocols of how we should live our lives i have a one word a compound one word answer for that begins with horus ends with if colorful metaphors and politically incorrect language offends you if straight talk offends you there's the door okay. I love each and every one of you i'm excited to be here because i just got to make 60 new friends i just met 60 people who are going to go out and change everybody's world by changing their own. So who the hell am i you might ask because you all came here from something i wrote right.

But you don't really care about me do you hell no. I don't i don't i don't kid myself in the least you're all here because you want something maybe more than one something and my job today is to do everything in my power and the time we have to help you get what you want by your standards and your definitions my name is david snyder i've been a personal change professional for over 20 years clinically i'm a licensed acupuncturist i have a diploma of oriental medicine i'm a licensed trainer and practitioner of neuro-linguistic programming i have more energy healing credentials than i care to list. But it starts with reiki and ends with theta including chronic healing chronic psychotherapy huna and qigong with a little bit of magic thrown in i'm a certified hypnosis trainer my specialty clinically is dealing with organic illness that has as its source as its cause repressed emotion my specialty is getting people healthy fast what i'm going to share with you today are some of the the techniques the protocols the concepts that i've discovered over the past 20 some years some are hypnotic some are neuro-linguistic some come from social psychology other fields of neuroscience they're all proven and they all work if you do them on your chairs you will see a video release please fill that out in case i call your wonderful butt up to the chair to get some free change work okay. On the other side of that you will see can i have one of those video releases real quick on the other side of the the video release you will see a little questionnaire this meetup for you is is for you if you want to communicate more effectively with human beings just cross out the word clients just say human beings by the way.

Last i looked you qualified as a human being okay. You'd like to help your children grow and learn faster while enjoying the process scratch out children say yourself because that's where we start. But if you have children you want to learn help them how to do some of this stuff for themselves we start teaching our kids how to do this as early as possible they'll have a completely different destiny um you want to overcome self-imposed limitations eliminate blocks to your success take your business or personal life to the. Next level say amen brother amen thank you a couple rules if i ask you a question you must answer vigorously enthusiastically like you really want to be here can you do that yeah brother this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test. Later okay. This means i know the answer please tell i want to tell you the answer this means i don't know the answer this means oh please don't call on me okay.

Um i'm gonna just just fill in. However this fits for you all right. Why don't we get what we want you ever wonder if the law of attraction works why why the heck do we always have to struggle there's this word that comes up an awful lot takes many forms it's called resistance right. But what do we really know about it how does it work how does it affect us resistance actually has three subcategories within it self other truth right.

There and there's a plus one by the way always has a guess we call that reactants we'll get into that in a minute we inherently resist anything that contradicts how we see ourself in other words self-image i used to hang out with a guy named john astra how many people have heard of him we used to belong to one of the same masterminds and. So i had i got the opportunity to have dinner with him once or twice and john's pretty famous for saying you cannot achieve any level of anything that contradicts or goes against or invalidates how you see yourself your self-image i found that to be true there is one more missing ingredient we'll just plug that in here right. Now if you do not take action on anything you will get nothing i can't tell you how many forums i had visited where i hear this this is almost verbatim you know i did my i did my vision board i did my affirmations i waited by the phone and nothing happened sounds kind of silly doesn't it. But you'll be amazed at how pervasive that kind of thinking is when you begin a lot of the processes i'm going to teach you tonight you will encounter resistance you will encounter obstacles initially you see like learning any skill we have to practice we have to get good there's four stages of learning does anybody here not know those i know you're going to jump on that hawkeye side anybody how many people who do not know what the four stages are running out raise your hands it's okay.

Not to say remember this means i don't know please don't call me and i'm going to call on you all right. Four stages of learning. First one unconscious incompetence we don't know we don't know something period end of story i didn't know i'd fall if i walked off the ledge now i know the minute we fall off the ledge and we learn something we go to conscious incompetence now we're aware that there's something we don't know. However this is where the problem starts how many people here actually i'm asking you guys a lot of questions because i like dialogue.

But in a group this size the more dialogue we have the more questions i wind up taking and the less the more off track we get. So i want to make sure that we have time to get through all the processes today. But how many here know that i'm actually a lifelong martial artist if you don't know that yes. I have an eighth degree black belt in okinawan martial arts i specialize in a lot of energy based combat systems russian systema and in a lot of the arts that i do i regularly associate with people who do the impossible and.

So and i try to talk to people who don't do those things who don't hang out with those kind of people and i try to tell them about how these things work and how they can do them and how they're possible and i usually get that big horseshit response ever try to tell somebody something that you saw for yourself and just was outside of their belief system they couldn't accept it or wouldn't yeah welcome to the barrier between unconscious our conscious incompetence and conscious competence that's the. Next level stage three you see if what you're presented falls. So far outside of what you think is possible you will resist it now if i can inject a strong enough experience into your worldview that you have no. Choice.

But to accept it you are more likely to choose to go to stage three which is to decide to learn something if only it were that easy because the more invested you are in a belief system the more resistance you are to change unless you do some other stuff when i used to teach people that it's possible to touch people on the bridge of their nose and make them go to sleep. First words out of their mouth began with the ball ended with okay. Until i touched them on the bridge of their noses and had to wake them up and you would think that having that level of experience would change a person's worldview no. Because you have to choose what reality you want to live in you have to choose to learn something new you have to choose to get comfortable being a little bit uncomfortable and in this context ladies and gentlemen that means unfamiliar it means doing something with your mind and body that you've never done before that may feel a little weird.

But if you do if you make that leap to the. Next level your life will change some people have quantum leaps some people take little baby steps and. Then they pick up speed because as you burn in these new neurological connections as you make the connections between what you want how your nervous system actually works and how to put them into practice you get better at it things will just start to happen almost like coincidences does that mean you can just kick back and let the world slide no. It means the return on the investment of energy that you put out gets better when you.

First start it maybe you know 10 pounds of effort gets you one pound of reward for a couple of weeks a couple of months. Then all of a sudden it goes five to one and. Then all of a sudden one to two or one to one and. Then one to five and.

Then one to six that's the process the more you do these exercises the more you practice these drills the more you take on these mindsets the more rapidly these things will happen for you each and every one of you is unique. But the process is the same that's the cool part you're enough alike that i can teach you a universal technology and different enough that you can express it your way that's what's cool after a while you become unconsciously confident just starts happening like breathing like walking being a technical term mind you secret hidden influence technologies all right. So here's what i want you to do. First thing we're going to play with she's already deep in reports she's going to have a major change tonight i can tell i want you to think there's this problem that we have when we start manifesting or start working on manifest remember we talk about those beliefs we have that beliefs we don't have we instinctively resist anything that's in conflict with our self-image.

So we have to get that part right. We have to clean our clocks for lack of a better word we have to take care of this does that make sense we have to become the kind of person uh lady i deeply respect by the name of taylor sinclair and actually i'm quoting her mother. But i heard it through taylor come on in i heard it through taylor taylor's clientele is almost exclusively female and it's a fact she's a fashion consultant although she wouldn't turn herself that way. But she said the most amazing thing and it makes such an impression on me that and it's in harmony with this.

But i really want you to get it write this down tattoo it on your brain whatever you can have or be anything you want in life you've heard that. But. First you must become the kind of person that that thing can happen to okay. And that's usually the problem at some level we're not the person we need to be or want to be we're going to show you how to begin the process of getting there really fast okay.

Second form of resistance is we inherently resist any communication or any attempted change that contradicts how we think other people will see us if i want to be rich. But there's a part of me that knows every one of my friends will hate me if i get rich guess what probably not gonna happen this is very it seems like it shouldn't be such a big deal it's probably the biggest deal there's a there's an old trick it's not actually an old trick it's a relatively new trick it's most and it's actually very simple just most people won't do it how many people who would like to double their income raise your hands if it's true it's not true that's fine maybe you're you know self-made in which case i'm coming to your training here's a simple trick pick a place in this country or another country where people make the amount of money you want to make move there that's it just move there within a couple of years your income will grow that is how powerful the people we associate with is okay. Come on in you know i was 230 pounds for most of my life i waffled between 190 at my skinniest and on 230 pounds and i was a personal change expert i taught people how to lose weight until i moved to del mar where the fat people are interested right. And in 2006 i made a decision and i have been roughly 155 pounds ever since i'm happy to say i have 100 success rate with weight loss.

But i get about three a year i don't get the usual stuff i get people who have limbs that just stop working tumors that come out of nowhere cancers things that people can't explain jaws that won't stop clenching and i go in and i fix it that's what i get i work mostly off medical referral if i can do that with physiological illness weight loss not putting down if you're having weight issues not putting you down we can help because a lot of what we're doing are simply decisions that we've made and behaviors we're doing and you can always change what you're doing okay. So we have to make sure that when we build in our visualizations when we build in our mental movies we're going to do self programming that we make sure that we see ourselves in a way that makes us feel good about ourselves that doesn't have any little reservations and i want you to pay attention to this as you're starting to go through some of the visualizations and exercises we do today notice where you feel a little uneasy because those little background feelings those little almost subliminal stresses or tensions or anxieties that's what we need to clear out it's not the big loud noises in our head the conscious mind screaming that's the problem it's the background okay. We need to start thinking differently if we want to think differently when you're doing your visualizations when you're creating your mental movies and putting them into your nervous system pay attention to how you feel other people will view you and build in the imagery build in the dialogues that you want people to be having in their heads as they abuse you and your level of success because if they're not in harmony resistance will kick in that make sense truth we inherently resist anything that conflicts with what we know to be true welcome to the three four stages of unconscious competence right. When you get hit with level two to go to three you have to accept something that may go against what you believed to be true.

So i'm not saying to disbelieve although in the change work i do i believe that change work is far too important to be left up to the belief systems of the client. So myself will work whether you believe it or not kind of a bold statement to make especially in this room. But we can prove it okay. But we need to make sure that our truth is flexible enough to accept the new information does that make sense the.

Last thing and this one is the sneakiest son of a of all how many people here are familiar with the term reactants if you're not you're going to learn about it um paul can i use your person you and your bad ass hat reactance is a psychological principle it's the instinctive resistance that we create the moment we perceive any attempt at influence of any kind whether it's something we actually say we want or something we don't consciously say we want even if it's for our own good if i if i for instance if let's say that hawk and i are walking down the street i'm going this way he's starting to walk down he's starting to cross through there's a bus coming and i see the bus and hawk does and i grab hawk and i pull him i motivated him because i told him the bus was coming. But if he didn't know the bus was coming and he was intent on going his direction the moment i pulled him that would happen you understand how many people have ever tried to convince somebody of something for their own good how many people here have had that person hey i know you're just trying to help i know it's for my own good i know i should do this i'm gonna do this. Anyway that's reactants we do this to ourselves believe it or not it comes out in our language in nlp we talk about how your language is a mirror of how your thoughts are built and if we can understand how the language reflects the structure of how we think by changing one we can change the other now this is not a full class on nlp. But i want to start to make you more aware of certain things things that are always going on they're hidden in plain sight.

But they're outside of your conscious awareness and anything outside of your awareness ladies and gentlemen is outside of your control period i teach this stuff worldwide for a living i'm one of the world's leading experts on conversational hypnosis. So they tell me of course nobody ever really shows up. But. So we talk about reactants how many people have ever heard or see have ever heard themselves say something like this or heard other people say this you know what i really want to lose weight i want to fit back into the dress up the size i was in when i was in high school i really need to go to the gym yes.

No. Raise your hands it's okay. Congratulations you just put a big singing pile of poop on your motivation how does that work remember this whole reaction from where's my freaking eraser there we go am i overloading you guys by the way is this good it's good stuff yeah right. You know what i told them thank you i told them to make sure that it's rooted in place.

So that if i right. Arm it doesn't fall over mine was safer telling them what i didn't want to happen. First rule about when you're programming yourself the brain especially the deeper into trance that you go does not process negations very well it doesn't process don't can't won't shouldn'ts in fact visually whenever you say the word don't like i don't x or i won't why what your unconscious mind basically does. First is it crosses this out and says i x and.

Then it says i y and. Then it tries desperately to erase it which it can't do because neurologically you've already done it before you can undo it does that make sense in the hypnosis comfort is called farzing i don't know where that came from sounds an awful like fart to me. So by the end of this you know you can never say fart without somebody laughing okay. So where was i going with this what was the.

Last thing i said before the wall collapse. First huh sorry no. No. Before the farting thing before i had the brain force oh reacted okay.

There's two kinds of motivation that we have as human beings internally generated motivation and externally generated motivation now nlp would say everybody is motivated towards pleasure and away from pain that's true enough to be true. But a little bit too global to be useful you're right. You have you guys know you have three brains right. You don't have just one brain you have three you have your reptile brain or what the soviet scientists call your paleocortex it's the part of you that thinks in terms of primal drive safety security protect the gene pool that kind of stuff is it easy is it painful we move towards pleasure and away from pain on a neurological level.

However we've got to get a little bit more specific on how this works for us anytime we anytime we perceive this is why i bring my own like i said this is not my. First rodeo anytime we perceive influence coming from outside of us as a rule we interpret it as pain any time we generate the motivation from the inside we focus on the things we want and why we want them pleasure using that one principle i can take anything you don't want to do and make you want to do it anybody want to challenge me you is there something and again it's a test not a contest. But is there something that you want or you know you should do. But maybe you've been holding back on doing it something you don't want to do if there isn't that's okay.

I'm coming to your seminar all right. You think i'll come back how about you i know there's something you've been putting off oh yeah i've been trying to do another youtube video for my practice what kind of practice do you do oh great my wife's a chiropractor. So here's what i want you to do i want you to think about that thing that you don't want to do right. On a scale of 0 to 10 all i want you to do is rate how much you don't want to do it okay.

Like a sick cool now let me ask you a question because it's your decision okay. Why might you want to do it it's your decision to do it or not do it. But why might you want to do it to be more successful what's important about that i'm curious being able to pay my bills cool i like that right. So let me ask you this did i ask you to give me a number of how much you want to do it he said how much you don't want okay.

How much why might you want to do it because you said it make you more money make your success more successful right. Scale of 0 to 10 right. How much you want to do it six why didn't you rate it less what just happened your desire to do it it went up all i did was ask you a question you guys will play with this this is called the autonomizer formula it's part of this a part of the program i teach to my hypnotherapist it's also something i teach in my conversational hypnosis courses it was tested in emergency rooms and drug treatment seminars all over the country okay. I steal from the best i find that anything psychology proves works a thousand times better and more effectively in a hypnotic context because we acknowledge trans phenomena they don't.

But it works on this same principle anything we choose we gained pleasure from didn't it start to feel better the more you thought about it the more you wanted it right. Your reasons for doing anything the best ones for you doing anything are yours and it doesn't matter how politically incorrect socially unacceptable or immoral they are now all ethics aside if you want to get the things you want in life and you want to motivate and be motivated and be successful you have to focus on not society's reasons for why you should be doing something that's handled by a different part of your brain you need to focus on your reasons if your reason for losing 20 pounds is. So that when you go to your daughter's wedding everybody you knew in high school chokes because they're 20 30 40 pounds overweight and you look. Better than ever that's fine that's your motivation that's your drive that feels good doesn't it think about it how many things we want in our life do we want out of revenge oh that's politically incorrect that's socially unacceptable for you gotta understand how the machine works before you can start to change it no.

I'm not saying revenge is good i'm saying it's the way you're wired use it yes. Sir okay. I just want to do like to make it more practical and when this. So if there is a case we don't want to do something.

But we need to do this. So we're just thinking we're talking about this i'm going to give you the technique in a minute i'm just going deep into the the mechanics of it okay. Here's what you're going to do think of the thing you've been putting off have been resisting doing though how many people here are coaches are therapists raise your hand it's okay. They all sneak in here's the deal most of the how many can you do like stop smoking clients or things like that if it's okay.

If you don't. But if you do they're becoming some of the toughest people to deal with why because they're there for every other reason. But their own most the time when we change it's really not because we want to change it's because somebody in our life wants us to change and we think we should sorry. But let's say there's something we want to do we know we should do.

But we're just dragging our freaking feet we just don't want to do it list it take take if you have paper do this now we'll do this all together just. So you can experience it. Then what i want you to do this is called the autonomization process by the way this is one of the secrets to how to make this work the. First thing to realize ladies and gentlemen is that you're in charge of your life you're in charge of your brain not your wife not your husband not your daughter not your spouse not your grandkids not your boss you you get to choose yes.

Or no. Good or bad understand you must put that in the process if you don't get back your personal sense of autonomy you will resist the change reactance is that inherent push back any time we sense a loss of personal freedom whether it's for our own good or not we must get that back realizing it's your choice ask yourself one simple question why might i want to do that not why will i do it why should i do it why might i want to do it and answer the question answer the question either on paper or nice and loud in your head be aware now as this comes up as a at the risk of diluting the pro actually you know what i'll come back to that just remind me i have a sidebar now once you've come up with the reason why you might want to do it on a scale of 0 to 10 rate how strongly you might want to do that and by the way if it's only a one that's okay. That's the beauty of this zero to ten why might i want to do it and. Then comes the magic question which always gets this kind of response once you have a number ask yourself why didn't you rate it less and listen to the answer and as you listen to the answer notice what happens to the desire to do it see the question again no.

Well we're supposed to ask one decide like mine is a nine which is video um creating videos for you too okay. Actually all right. It's something you've been putting off my american plumbing business. But yeah and it's very desirable.

But i haven't done it it's a nine what was the question though why might you want to go ahead and do that right. I got that on a scale of zero to ten that's about how much do you want you want to do it on a nine right. Let me ask you this why didn't you rate that less because i know if i want to be successful if i want to be make money i gotta hear your voice you think your desire to do it just went up okay. What was those words out of the question why might i or why didn't you rate it less why didn't i read it let me tell you how pervasive this phenomenon is i've used this to take away pain i had a guy in my.

Last hypnotherapy and nlp training had a a problem with his finger it was just bugging the hell out of him and i said well on a scale of zero to ten how bad do you want how much do you want to feel better or how i could get exactly the words i used. But i basically asked him why he didn't rate it more which is the inverse of what i just did you and his pain went from a six to a four. So i had him do it again and it went from a four to a two and do it again and just kept dropping you see on a neurological level ladies and gentlemen whether it's an emotion a belief or a sensation it's all information to your nervous system i can in many of the things that i teach i can deal with emotional issues just like i can deal with physiological problems because they're all behaviors based on the information the nervous system is processing at the time the question is what information are you running through your system is it getting you what you want if not. So far we'll tweak it right.

But we need to know how the system works right. We need to understand have a basic understanding of how to make this happen right. I have a ton of youtube you guys want to see some of this stuff i mean i i we do rapid change i mean i take stuff away i had one lady just um her name is christine wonderful lady she's coming to my. Next my.

Next hypnotherapy certification two weeks from now and i taught her what we call speed healing which is basically a way to zero in on the information creating the specific physiological problem and the. First time we demoed this um it was on back pain and i've been testing it pretty rigorously for the past five or six years. Last year i went out to orlando and i zapped somebody's cancer he went back had his tests and i think it's tumor size i forget what it was it went it cut by 50 because we targeted the emotional reason why he generated the problem in the. First place i taught this at our.

Last training and christine went back and i told her never do this stuff on your family because you got boundary issues left and right. But there was nobody to do the work. So she had she had to work with her husband her husband had prostate cancer she used the rapid energy spinning technique he went to the doctor his psa dropped 40 the entire intervention takes two minutes or less does change always happen fast not always. But when you understand how the system works and you stick with it you can have anything you want.

So your choice 0 to 10 how much you might want to do it why didn't you rate it less how many people have already done the exercise raise your hands if you haven't if not do it now how many people noticed a different change and a definite shift in their desire to do something raise your hands okay. David yes. The question is i do want to do it. But i don't do it okay.

Because because of my appearance i don't want to appear on videos that okay. So there's something else you need to get out of the way. First right. Yes.

Notice now all i did here was there's a simple one this is an nlp we call this cause and effect we talk about beliefs right. Most people when they talk about their beliefs they only give you one half of the belief if you only have one half of the belief you can't fix it you got to know both sides simple way to do that somebody says they want something just ask the cause and they will generate the other half of the belief. So now what do you want to do in order to be good enough to get on camera lose weight okay. So on a scale of 0 to 10 how much you want to lose weight a 9 and a half 9 and a half cool you sure positive you really should why didn't you rate it less that's the thing that to get me from point a to point b okay.

So what's gonna happen now i'm gonna lose weight he noticed he went from i want to to i should to i'm going to i'm gonna in nlp this is where we're going with this by the way in nlp we have this thing called modal operators these are things we say when people say when they're internally motivated when they're moving towards pleasure they say things like i'm gonna i want to that's the category there's a very definite physical desire for it when they're perceiving the motivation is coming from outside of themselves they use words like should need to have to many times we screw ourselves up because we say i want to do x i need to do y. So we we get this desire. But. Then we start to put the brakes on in terms of our actions.

So anybody here do self-programming affirmations visualizations things like that when you do your affirmations your visualizations how much of this is going on subtle things that create resistance in the background create reactants sorry thank you thank you again different ways many different ways to do affirmations. But we need to understand the reptiles in charge and if we don't understand this whole pleasure pain thing we tend to create our own resistance in spite of ourselves that make sense okay. I'm sorry dave reptile is what part your palette your paleo cortex it's the brain stem it's the part the most primitive part of you it's the part of me that thinks in terms of primal drives it's the part of you that doesn't go to heaven and. So is there he gets that conscious or unconscious it's highly unconscious highly unconscious if you want to get people's attention you need it you need to kick them in the brain or do you call it are you do you consider your unconscious thoughts or your subconscious thoughts or something like that or your paleo think of it this way do you want me to go into this guys yes.

Or no. Raise your hands yeah okay. All right. Real quick because again i want to i want to start putting you guys through some drills if i can't sidebar on number two it started to say something oh yeah yeah yeah thank you when you guys were generating your reasons of how much you want to do something or why you wanted to do something did you notice any of those feelings of uneasiness sneaking in it's like i want to do this because and the reason came up and i was like oh oh that's icky guess what you just found a belief you didn't know you had you just found the roots of your own resistance that tells you where you need to go you know there's a saying how many people heard of saying you know firemen are trained to run into a burning building when everybody else is running now okay.

How many people here would consider firemen to be kind of heroic okay. Remember all the victims run out of the burning building the heroes run in be a hero get comfortable finding those things understanding why they're there accepting them and transcending them because you will never remove it by denying it nobody who winds up in my clinic is there because of something they've accepted nobody's broke because of something they've accepted i'm sorry i hate to say that. But i mean they have accepted certain things. But there's parts of them that want one thing another part that wants another and they're not talking we need to get all of our parts on the same page.

So when you create these affirmations when you create these things that you want to create pay very very close attention to those icky things in the background things you want to try and ignore things you want to stuff down that's what we need to clean up we clean those up you'll take off like a rock things are the background it's that's the way the unconscious mind communicates ladies and gentlemen it doesn't go with these blaring global universal triumph trumpets and fanfare it's these little whispers in the background these little notions oh are there certain questions you should ask yes. Lots of questions that you can ask. But we'd be here all night again i'm going to take you as far as i can. But if you just understand the roots of your own resistance what causes them and how to tweak what you do you can begin to streamline the process you can begin to take charge of your own brain your own nervous system and.

Then life just gets better because the best part is tonight's the worst you'll ever be at it. First time you learn anything is a worst you didn't know anything. But well you'd be like if you just kept practicing this you just did it every day focus on feeling good focused on pleasure hey i didn't make the system i just reported right. But getting get.

So when we start even even work like this when we're manifesting we're trying to create a program we need to be self-aware enough to know when there's a little fly in the ointment there's a little bug on our plate right. And those are the things we need to search out those are the dominant thoughts because they're there on autopilot which means anytime you're moving through the world and there's something in your environment that has some relation to that event that experience it's gonna fire we need to clean them out that make sense we just need we need to we need to find them by the way we don't have to be and span okay. There's only a few things that usually hold us back and if we find that that linchpin a lot of it just falls okay. All right.

Here's what we're gonna do now we're gonna take a five minute five minute break go caffeinate yourself go sugar yourself relieve your bad energy we're gonna come back we're gonna practice feeling really good for no. Reason get some endorphins go.
