Title: gnwzxkEPiTU.txt
Video Id: gnwzxkEPiTU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnwzxkEPiTU

Hello hello hello everyone welcome to how to reprogram your subconscious mind i'm your host and uh instructor for tonight's amazing and deep dive into the powers of the mind i'm dr david snyder and before we get into the content of tonight's webinar uh. First of all let me just give you a couple of caveats. First and foremost if you are in fact new to planet david if you if this is kind of your. First time experiencing a one of our webinar events or have uh just come to us through one of our advertisements or whatever go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from into the chat and just type.

First time. So we know i always want to uh get an accurate assessment of how many new people we have versus how many veterans we have this will become very important as we go deeper and deeper into the webinar tonight because this is an experiential process for you you don't have to believe a single thing that i am going to be sharing with you in fact sometimes it works better if you don't believe it as long as you're not actively fighting the techniques i'm going to teach you some very powerful very effective principles that govern how the mind works i'm going to show you techniques that allow you to put those into action and we're going to build on that particular process throughout the course of the webinar now to that end one of the things that i want to kind of explain beforehand i call them the administrative uh details that we go through before we do what i love when we call the doctor david dog and pony show and that is this hey if you are conditioned to a webinar mode and what i mean by that is you're logging into a webinar and thinking okay. He or she is going to pitch something they're going to tease me for an hour or 90 minutes and. Then they're going to say buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff buy my stuff uh you might be a little bit disappointed there is an offer connected to this program which we are going to go into at about the 60-minute mark.

However we do what we call a free-form webinar which means i have a curriculum outlined i have a series of processes that we're going to go through together and if you do them you'll experience the power of these techniques for yourself this is about gnosis gnoi gnosis gnosis means direct experience i think uh one experience is worth ten thousand descriptions and. So if you want something fast effective and deep that you can use right. Away that's our intention our goal at nlp power and david snyder nlp is to always deliver to you the most fastest the most effective the most efficient ways to create change and solve a problem in your life to that effect in order for you to get those answers you got to follow along you got to follow the instructions obey the commands to the best of your ability with the right. Attitude not attitude is i love how this is playing out i know it's going to work even if you don't know it's going to work if you just do do the processes with that level of enthusiasm that level of um animation for lack of like if you can just play pretend we're going to talk about the power of pretend uh as we get deeper and deeper into this webinar you're going to come away with some amazing experiences experiences that no.

Amount of description could prepare you for now that sounds like a big claim and it is. But we're going to deliver it we're going to build on it. So here's how things are going to go tonight. First and foremost uh if this is the scope of everything that there is to uh learn in the field of reprogramming your subconscious mind we have time for about this.

So my goal my promise for you tonight is i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's a fair deal is that a fair trade if you think that's a fair trade go ahead and type that in the chat for me cool excellent very good excellent. So we see we got a lot of. First timers and that's great now if you are not a. First timer in planet david right.

If you've been be bopping around our world a week a month a year two years uh and you've had a chance or an opportunity to use some of our techniques in your life to make a change if that's true for you whether it's been a month a week or a year go ahead and type your name where you're checking in from and say this has worked for me uh in the chats go ahead and do that real quick and the reason the reason that i'm doing this is because those of you who've been bopping around planet david for a lot of time have been using our our processes what's going to happen as we go through this webinar the new people especially are going to have questions and i would i i will tell you right. Up front that one of the most frustrating things for my youtube viewers and is is the fact that i love questions i love to answer questions. So here's the thing again we have this amount of time or this amount of time to cover this amount of stuff. So here's how you get your questions answered.

First and foremost a if you have a question type it in the chat if it's relevant to the point i at in the course of the content we're going to be teaching tonight i will do a little segue and i may sidebar and answer it that's that's the way to get your questions answered a one the. Second one is if you ask a question type it in the chat if it's not directly pertinent to the place i am in this in the pro in the form of the webinar. Then what i want you to do is all those those of you who have been around planet david for a while those of you who've been utilizing these skills like seth and brandon and a lot of people out there have been using our skill our techniques for a long time whether they've come to live events or not if you've had experience with the question that's being asked and you've actually utilized our technique to solve their problem where you have insight based on working with our stuff what i'd like you to do what i what i hope you could do for me is take a moment and answer that person's question in the chat either on our youtube channel or in our zoom chat here answer that question if you've asked a question and you want me to answer it directly here's the. Third way you can get your questions answered at the end of this webinar youtube will automatically create a replay it'll automatically put a version of this webinar uh in my youtube channel under the live events category if you go to that replay at the end of this webinar when it becomes available on youtube and you type your question in the chat for the.

Next two weeks usually week to two weeks after every webinar i go back every day and i read the comments on the webinar or on the video and i systematically make an effort to answer every single question that is posted in that chat the comment section. So there's three ways to get your questions answered you can ask it directly in the chat and if it's relevant to where we're talking about. Then i'll answer it if it's not i will i'll ask my uh my veterans to answer it if you still want something deeper or something more targeted to you. Then type your question in the youtube chat box on the comment or in the comment section rather i should say not the chat box.

So the chats go away on youtube after um after we close the webinar. But the comment sections remain. So if you type in the comment section under the video i will go back over the. Next three to seven days or or longer a lot of times if the if the questions keep coming in and i will answer those questions okay.

Does that sound fair is that is that useful if you think that's a good way to go about getting your questions answered go ahead and type that in the chat that's that's a great that's great okay. Um i have i have three moderators signed in under david snyder and some of them have turned off my chat and some of them have not. So um okay. So.

First and foremost we're going to do tonight what we call a freeform webinar what that means is i'm going to start off with my bait my formal intro i'm going to lovingly call it the dr david dog and pony show i'm going to explain some foundations we're going to go through some drills together and. Then here's what's going to happen at about the 60-minute mark i'm going to do two things a i'm going to ask actually before this even i'm going to ask you specifically what you want to learn about what do you want to fix tonight or what do you want to use the skills i'm about to share with you to fix tonight is it something you want more of something you want less up more often than not it comes down to something we want less of because it's usually the stuff that that less than positive stuff that keeps us from moving forward in life. So that's where our our emphasis is usually goes. But i you know every every webinar is different and this is your webinar and that's something i want to stress tonight is your class right.

It's my content it's my structure it's my form. But this is about you tonight this is about helping you have some solid concrete actionable steps that you can take to move forward and bring your life to the level you want it to be instead of the life or the level that other people are conspiring to keep you stuck at right. If that sounds like a good deal type that type good deal in the chat right. If you have to leave don't worry there will be a replay you may miss out on some of the the fast action bonuses that we're offering tonight.

But um there's still some opportunities for you which brings us to again the concept of what i call the form webinar i'm going to ask you specific questions i'm going to give you specific drills at about the 60 60 minute to about 75 minute mark i'm going to take a pause we're going to talk about the training opportunities and the offers that we have set up to help you enhance the skills we're giving you tonight and how to take your learnings further that takes about 25-35 minutes depending on the questions that we have when that is done and this is the important part when that offer segment is done we're going to circle back we're going to pick up where we left off we're going to continue to teach for another 60 90 minutes we're going to continue to deliver very powerful real world easy to use actionable content that will help you transform your life in the shortest amount of time possible and that. Second 90 minutes will be about you it'll be about targeting and drilling down on the things you mentioned at the beginning of the webinar the things you wanted most to to target and to drill down on. So that's kind of what we do uh we're going to deliver the foundations and the principles and and really kind of cover the bases i'm sorry gladys i'll try to talk a little slower. But i'm a naturally fast talker and there's.

So much information that i want to get out to you um that i tend to talk a little bit fast. Anyway right. Even when i was doing my tai chi for many years my thai teacher i thought i was moving like robotically slow he's like you're going 100 miles an hour didn't feel that way to me right. So again uh.

But thank you for letting me know if i am talking too fast please let me know and i'll try to modulate that as quickly as possible some people say i don't talk fast enough. So. Anyway. So that being said um i want to thank my veterans and the people who've been around planet david who come to our live events who graduated to handler status and beyond.

So that uh people can um and thank you for helping the new people to to understand what we'll be doing where we'll be going things of that nature and again because a lot of you are brand new a lot of you know who i am a lot of you don't some something i'm just some weird dude and a vest right. And. So to that effect let's go ahead and officially start the uh the dr david dog and pony show and uh we'll go ahead and teach as much as we can in the time that we have and we'll show you where to go for more you guys ready go ahead and type ready in the chat hold on a. Second i gotta i got a lot of windows open and they're distracting me cool excellent all right.

I love you guys. First of all uh and let me say uh as i get into this just how grateful i am that you're all here uh my mission in life is to relieve as much suffering as humanly possible and show people what's possible for them and the fact that you're here tonight to me means that you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and i'm here to give you the tools to do that. So if you just follow the instructions obey the directions you're going to get some amazing amazing stuff okay.

Let's let's talk let's let's let's talk let's start the dr david dog and pony show. First and foremost um who the heck is dr david snyder and why should i care right. Um who's this weird dude in a vest the vest is like kind of become a brand for me which i'll tell you about someday if i see you in person. But.

First and foremost i am an actual doctor i'm a doctor of oriental medicine uh this is my copy of my diploma from pacific college of oriental medicine uh and it's uh again i graduated uh i've had an active practice in solana beach california since 2005 with my partner dr don liu and our focus there for the. Last 15 going on 16 years now has been uh treating physiological illness that is uh due to repressed emotion now that covers a lot a lot of ground you see most of the things a study back in the 70s actually by an insurance company discovered that most of the chronic illness that people come down with. Later in life actually actually have their roots in early adverse childhood events it's called the ace study and. So we've been unpacking the the emotional issues behind physical problems for 15 years and that's given us tremendous tremendous insight into how the mind works how it interacts with the body and how you can use your body to change your mind which i think is absolutely phenomenal right.

And you're going to learn some very powerful very simple ways you don't need to understand why they work although there's a part of you that will want to and we're happy to teach you those things down the line. But to get changed tonight you don't need to understand why they work you just need to know how to do them. So this is a copy of my bio from a website called globalgurus.org in the year 2020 i was named the number one nlp instructor of the year by globalgurus.org i've offered over 15 different products on various forms of human influence everything from therapeutics to vibrational influence to remote influence and healing to conversational hypnosis covert hypnosis i'm also certified obviously i'm also a certified trainer master practitioner in neuro-linguistic programming and what's interesting is in 2020 my course this isn't a letter from globalgurus.org and it says with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for nlp you can see it here when you click on that link right. Here you can see that in fact my course killer influence which i didn't actually ever promote um as a nlp course was ranked number one in terms of its ability to do real world nlp and covert hypnosis.

So that was kind of exciting for me uh especially because i never actually promoted the course um under under the term nlp. But a lot of people found value in it. So i was excited and honored by that i also happen to have a 10th degree black belt in the okinawan martial arts as well as a fourth degree black belt in an art called uh uh sorry shaolin couldn't tell i'm trying to erase a little thing here there we go um a. Second we black belt in kosho kempo.

First street black belt in funko jiu jitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema cinco mano. Escrima and modern arnis as a basic instructor and i got to tell you of all the arts that i've studied probably the one that offers the most to people who want to really learn how to reprogram and control their subconscious mind is the art of system russian system this is a some of the most amazingly powerful mind body hacks i've ever uncovered came from my study of these russian martial arts that very people very few people know anything about and you're gonna and you won't know exactly where in the process i'm teaching the things i'm teaching are from systema. But it was if you're interested uh if you have a martial arts background and you like those kinds of things i encourage you to look. Into systema as a way to supplement the the mind-body integration that we're talking about i've been a reiki master since uh before reiki was cool uh i've been studying i'm also studying kabbalah advanced chronic healing and chronic psychotherapy i'm an advanced dna theta healer i'm a bankston energy healer which we're talking about a lot as well as many forms of qigong i've been studying kabbalah for almost as long as i've been studying reiki i've been studying kabbalah since before madonna actually studied kabbal started studying kabbalah.

So i'm very much a prima donna in uh in that respect. So you're going through this laundry list a lot of people have the question what do all these things have in common state control and pattern recognition. First and foremost one of the things that has to happen when you're utilizing all of these skills is you have to enter the right. Psycho-emotional state in other words if you can't do state control you can't access any of the things that you need to access we'll talk a lot about state control as we go deeper and deeper into into the programs tonight and pattern recognition okay.

Pattern recognition you see everything people do has a structure to it everything people do um has a pattern these patterns exist in in terms of how we think in terms of how we uh behave in terms of how we move and what you'll discover uh with a lot of these things from oriental medicine to martial arts to the structure of the mind to nlp is that these structures tend to repeat at different levels of human experience a lot of the things you do with the mind like in nlp we talked a lot about let me let me jump back to um let me jump back to the screen real quick a lot of the things we talk about in conversational hypnosis or neuro-linguistic programming we talk a lot about rapport for example and one of the ways that we talk about getting rapport is that we actually copy the things that people say and things that people do well that is also true martial are in a martial arts context if i if you grab me for example and i adopt your posture facing the same direction that you face and i can connect with your center of gravity which is actually quite easy to do if you have the sensitivity to do that and. Then if i move in a certain way your body will follow me even if you don't want it to it's very bizarre. But in a. But there's a state that allows that to manifest now in our courses on law of attraction we're going to teach you how we can transfer this this ability to tap into somebody else's neurology and feel what's going on inside of them to take it transpersonally.

So you can connect more fully with the vibrational universe and cause things to manifest in your life much more quickly now in this particular webinar we're going to talk about patterns and structures as well. But we're going to be doing it in the context of real world reality in other words we're not talking about spirituality we're not talking about metaphysics although there's definitely a bridge to that we're going to talk about things that you can verify that you can validate that you can test consistently over and over and over again. So there's no. Woo in tonight's training although there are classes where we kind of take this and bridge into that world of woo.

So if you're into wu we've got a webinar coming up um we're going to start okay. So let's see here let's go back to let's see here. So what all these have to do with success health wealth and happiness pretty much everything right. So this class is for you maybe you make them find you charming or fascinating or resistant if you like to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and assertiveness this is a good place for you to be if you'd like to make more money from your job book.

More clients for your business get that raise or promotion you know you deserve to protect yourself from manipulators and other types of social predators people who pray on your mind or prey on your psychological or emotional weaknesses this is going to be a good place for you to spend some time if you'd like to learn a really powerful way to have people thinking feeling and acting the way you want them to. So they naturally follow your lead pay very close attention to some of the very. First drills that we're going to put you through tonight because once you understand that what you're going to learn about yourself is the way other people work too you can translate that skill directly into closing more sales generating better friendships organizing your teams better it's very simple. But it takes a little bit of practice and i want you to have the experience of doing it if you'd like to program yourself for massive financial abundance with more than enough money to buy the things you want if any of this is resonating type that's for me in the chat okay.

If you'd like to nail two or three job interviews go back to that emotional bonding checklist i just mentioned earlier if you'd like to inspire your employees children or your spouse to do the things you want them to do this is going to be a very powerful powerful training for you now all these things all these abilities all these results that you want can be distilled down to a few key principles you just got to put them into operation in different contexts. So here's my personal promise to you if you stay until the end i'm going to teach you the most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm going to teach you how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination i'm going to show you how to remove the blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs believe it or not they can all be it be i i hate to use a violent word. But they can all be attacked they can all be resolved using the same techniques and for those of you who are ready i'm going to teach you the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time. So if you stay until the end we're going to show you again the two most important factors for success it's not what you think or maybe it is i'm going to teach you the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about we're going to teach you about something called body centered energy psychology how your system really works and how you can use it we're going to teach you how to program your future and clear up your past using a concept called the proprioceptive grid and how you can use all of those things to take control and how to get the life you want the way you want it you can start the process of mastering yourself inside and out starting today.

So let's talk about the process we're going to go through tonight the techniques and the concepts that i'm going to be teaching you tonight come from a system i developed many many years ago called identity by design now identity by design has seven distinct stages each of these stages targets a different aspect of your identity and your personality. First and the. First the. First segment is to clear general negativity now this is stuff that we pick up that we don't even know we have and a lot of times think of it like you know you go through the day you get up in the morning and maybe you maybe you shower at night maybe you show in the morning.

But by the time you get home at the end of the day you're ready for another shower right. That's kind of what happens to us we encounter people's stuff all the time people are always imprinting on us their negativity if you're a therapist or a coach people are always dumping on you day in and day out you pick up stuff you don't even realize you're carrying around okay. So the. First segment is called general negativity it's how to get rid of that stuff stuff you didn't even know you had.

Then we're going to talk about and this is where we're going to spend a lot of time tonight this is the aspect i want us to focus on is this special negativity clearing process right. We have seven stages we'll talk we'll touch on each of them. But i really want us to drill down on this tonight because this is going to give us the biggest bang for a buck i'm also going to teach you one of the most powerful ways to program your subconscious mind the way you're neurologically predisposed to acting upon it's going to boost your ability to do affirmations through the roof. But special negativity clearing is designed to to get blocks out of your way that your neurology has put in place to keep you safe uh.

So let me go ahead and explain uh this really really quickly. So there's two ways that people get stuck right. There's either a a deficit in their mind or there's a deficit in their skill set and a lot of times one masquerades as the others when we're talking about mindset we're talking about clearing blocks to success one of the things that can happen many times if we go through the same experience multiple times right. We go through the same expense let's let's use a relationship example okay.

We use a relationship let's say that somebody has been in a relationship it was going well um they were they were moving through that relationship um and all of a sudden uh some tragedy happens they maybe they cheated maybe they found somebody new maybe they just grew apart. But there was some some breakup that left one of those people completely just heartbroken and the person goes through this intense period of emotional pain right. The unconscious mind notes that. But it hasn't happened enough or hasn't happened severely enough the neurology to say hey this is dangerous for her all right.

So the person dusts themself off they go through that grieving process they get back out into the field again they meet somebody they fall in love things are going well and all of a sudden boom relationship shatters or crumbles again they go through this intense heartache okay. By this time the unconscious mind is which its primary job remember is to keep you safe which is kind of what screws us up you see one of the things that happens many many times is that our unconscious mind is every bit as smart as we are. But it's it doesn't think long term it thinks in the moment and. So what happens is the unconscious mind has this this sudden trauma this violation or of whatever and it says oh my god we got to get through this i got to make sure this never happens again how can i make sure this never happens again and it looks back on what it's done in the past to get through those kinds of situations and if it's happened enough times the unconscious mind which by the way doesn't need your permission to take actions on things it says i know what i'll do if they never have this situation come up again they can never be hurt by it and.

So what happens in the context of a relationship is that your unconscious mind says wow every time this person's had a relationship they bro and i had a breakup it really hurt her it really traumatized her i have to protect her from this how am i going to do that the unconscious mind which again is as smart as you are deeply emotional. But only has the long-term thinking capacity of about a ten-year-old right. It says i got it if they never have another relationship they can never lose it and. So your unconscious mind flips a few switches and now you're out in the field you see all these guys with our girls with potential.

But for some reason you can't get beyond a certain level in the relationship it just won't let you right. That's what special negativity is designed to address because whether it's a business whether it's a relationship whether it's some act sports activity if you've heard let's say you've been you play a sport for example and you've blown your knee out like two or three times right. And for some reason every time you get back on the field you're fully rehabbed the doctor says you're okay. You can go play.

But for some reason every time you approach that field this fear wells up inside of you and and for whatever reason you can't get back on the field you're because your unconscious mind has installed a safety lesson to keep you from re-injuring that body part again it doesn't need your permission to do it are we are you guys following me. So far is this is this resonating with anybody if it's resonating with anybody just type in the in in uh in your okay. Good cool all right. So if you've had situations where you've tried to do something and you just can't seem to pull the trigger or and this again let's be very clear you know how to do it you know when to do it you know who to do it with you know where to what what steps to take.

But for some reason you're just not taking that step chances are you've got a safety lesson that your unconscious mind has activated that will keep you from moving forward now let's shift context a little bit let's suppose you have a physical injury like a back pain or a knee pain or neck pain or something like that and you've gone to a chiropractor or a cert a neurosurge you know whatever surgeons or specialists you go to and maybe it goes away and. Then it comes back or maybe it maybe comes in at a nine or ten and. Then you slowly get it down to like a one or two. But it just won't go any further has anybody ever had that experience right.

Chances are there is a safety lesson connected to that experience and that context that is keeping the full resolution because the unconscious mind is afraid remember its job is to keep you safe before keeping you happy and we need to make that distinction this is one of the rules of the mind that people need to understand your unconscious mind prioritizes safety over happiness right. If it has to choose keeping you happy or keeping you safe guess what it's going to choose right. The other thing you need to understand is your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar right. If you have 10 years of failing every time you get on stage versus a new way of doing things that might be more successful your unconscious mind doesn't sort by good or bad it sorts by what it's done the most and it knows how to do the best right.

This is a lot of times why a lot of our self-help efforts fail in fact when we come back from our our offer when we circle back to the latter half of tonight's webinar i may even do it before we'll see if we have time i'm going to teach you a very simple way to reorganize your stuff see one of the big problems that we have when we are trying to fix our own stuff and that's why a lot of you are here on the webinar today true or not true you're here because you want to learn how to fix your own if that's if that's true type that's me in the chat right. You don't want me to do it you want me to show you how to do it for yourself and that's okay. That's okay. That's why i put a lot of stuff out on on youtube for free because there's no.

Way i can get to all of you. So i want to empower you if you want to fix your own stuff i'm going to show you some hacks that will allow you to take the techniques from this webinar as well as you know from others disciplines maybe you do emdr maybe you do eft maybe you do some form of nlp or hypnosis if you apply some of the techniques that we're going to share with you tonight with your eft or your emdr or whatever you're going to get a better result why because it's going to teach you how to reorganize and disidentify from your traumatic experiences many times the reason self work doesn't work is because our trauma is here and our consciousness and our awareness is here in order for us to affect the trauma we have to go above it in other words if you're using nlp speak we have to go meta to it right. A meta position is a it is a shift in consciousness relative to the trauma itself okay. We're going to show you some simple ways to do that in fact some of the techniques like magic frame for example the special negativity clearing that we're going to teach you how to do has that automatically built into it right.

I don't normally again unless you're in identity by design like the live event the five-day training whatever i don't usually explain that um on a webinar because honestly you don't need to know it for the technique to work it's built in. So just do the technique and you'll get the result. But if you want to unpack it rebecca says what if we don't know the trauma that's okay. That's perfectly okay.

And here's why because every trauma that you encode has what we call a somatic address what does that mean it means there's a place in your body where you feel it and if you can point to where you feel it you can change it in fact the magic frame process which we're going to share with you. Later uh starts with that point to where you feel in fact um our slogan is if you can point to where you feel it you can change it right. But you don't have to know what it is you just got to know where it is is that cool we don't need to talk about it for 20 years either we can just point to it and access our neurology the right. Way that's a lot of what this class is about tonight it's about teaching you how to use your brain and your neurology the way the universe intended it to be used okay.

We live in a society that is what i call reductionist in nature diane says what if you don't feel it in your body pretend you do right. Now some people who have like deep levels of dissociation dissociative identity disorder a lot of times when you ask them to point to where they feel that they'll point outside of their body doesn't matter the moment they point to it the minute you start going through the resolution process that disidentified part of you will start to migrate back towards the core of the body you don't have to believe it you just got to do it okay. Lee says when will we get to try some of the techniques we'll get we won't try them we're going to do them right. But there's some there's some core things i want you to have.

First okay. And i want you to tap into the most powerful motivator we have and that's what we call our needs and our our needs and our criteria and values or our emotional bonding checklist or emotional motivation checklist this is the. First thing that i want you to begin to tap into as part of today's process right. But i want to finish this the the overview before i drill down into the specifics is that okay.

To do if it's okay. Just go ahead and type go for it okay. Our type i'm in yes. Okay.

Perfect. So we started with general negativity we started we talked about special negativity clearing right. Let's go through the rest of the overview like i said we don't have time to do all seven stages i can only pick one or two all of these are get progressively more powerful as you go through the process right. So let's go back to this all right.

So we're going to spend a lot of time on special negativity clearing right. And. Then we're going to talk about the. Next thing we would do is we would we would install default driver stage remember earlier i talked about the need for state control the ability to control your state and the way we define state control in planet david is the ability to exit or enter any psycho-emotional state at will in any sequence that we want on demand that's what we do we'll teach you how to do we're not going to do that in tonight's webinar.

But in identity by design like the five-day training or the three-day training this would be the. Next step in the process the. Next thing we're going to do is we're going to change that at that internal dialogue we're going to change the voice inside your head. So that it's a voice that inspires you motivates you tells you how much you're loved how accepted you are instead of the one that's constantly tearing you down and making you feel like in case you were wondering uh about that voice in your head it's the voice in your head that just said what voice right.

We're going to teach you how to change it all right. It's a completely transformational when we do it okay. The. Next thing is what we call temporal editing i'm sorry my my computer has a little bit of a lag to it.

So uh for some reason it's taking a while to show up uh unless on the share screen. So once we've cleared general negativity we've done special negativity we've talked about installing default driver states now there are four states for emotional states i would like you as a practitioner at whatever level you're at now if you're a. First timer there are four states i would like you to cultivate those are curiosity playfulness a sense of victory and a sense of relentlessness for tonight's webinar let me go back to this for tonight's webinar here's what i would like you to focus on i want you to focus on being as completely playful and explorational as possible now there's lots of neuroscience reasons why this is true not just a whole metaphysical feel-good kind of thing right. One of the stuff just by show hand just type i would i want that in the chat how many of you by a show in the chat would like to be 30 percent better at everything if you want that go ahead and type that in the chat right.

Here's how you do it adopt a playful emotional state a playful attitude towards everything that you are being taught now that particular statistic comes from a very easy-going fun-loving um discipline known as hostage negotiation right. In fact you could reference chris voss on this right. Chris voss and the people who studied the psychology behind attitude and state discovered that when the hostage negotiator was approached the negotiation with a playful easy going roll at the punches let's see what happens kind of an energy he was thirty to thirty three percent i think it's actually thirty one percent i could be one i'd give ranges thirty to thirty one percent better at everything he was thirty percent more perceptive thirty percent more spontaneous thirty percent more creative thirty percent more intelligent in the solutions that they came up with and here's a big one his counterpart or her counterpart the hostage taker was 30 more compliant to the negotiator now think about this would you like people to be 30 more willing to do what you want them to do if you want that type that in the chat there's your. First nugget for a day okay.

So again all my physics aside this is pure behavioral psychology and and attitudinal psychology if you want to be powerful you must be playful seriousness is the kiss of death seriously okay. The more playful you are the better it's gonna work now you're gonna i'm gonna tell you something very very important and it's gonna sound again again you don't have to believe any of what i'm telling you you just got to do it if you do it you're going to get a result if you play pretend if i tell you if i instruct you on through a process and you're not sure about something pretend that you do like if i tell you a point where you feel it and you're not sure pretend you do and point to it it'll be right. The reason for that is is because the same part of the neurology the same part of the brain the mechanisms that govern pretend also govern access to these codes and these uh this this data that we're going to be uh changing and transforming does that make sense it makes sense type i need i i thrive on feedback. So the more you feedback you give me the more i'm going to teach okay.

Cool all right. So let me go back to finishing this up. So the. Next thing that we do once we've changed your internal dialogue right.

Once we've installed these driver states playful curious um uh relentless victorious we we we install them as default driver states we give you a trigger. So that you can get more of it anytime you want right. Then what we do is we're going to systematically sanitize all the negativity from your past in other words we're going to go back through every negative event from the time you were born up to the present moment we're going to drain all the negative emotions out of it we're going to take that energy we're going to shift it into all of your positive energy and all of your positive memories. So that when you look.

Back on your past you only remember it in ways that make your life better right. What would your life be like if every time you thought about the past all you could see were the positive things all the only things that the only emotions you felt were the positive ones what would that be like the question is what if i've had a lot of negative reactions from people when i've been playful in the past you can clean those up we'll show you how to use that you can do that using magic frame and some of the other techniques right. We're going to show you well again we'll tell you about it i can't show you right. Uh.

But if you go to youtube we have some sometimes we post uh demonstrations of these techniques on our youtube channel. So you can find them for free right. But we want to create a past for you that builds you up and inspires you to move forward now remember there's another another little tidbit from forensic sciences or forensic psychology your memories are not accurate okay. Your memories at their best are default recordings that you made of something that happened to you once you're not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you've recorded the things that happened to you the way you've been relating to those recordings now what nobody told you was that you're in charge of the editing deck and you have absolute permission to make those changes okay.

We're gonna we're gonna show you how to start rewriting that today you're gonna get the foundations of it uh certainly there's more to go like i said if this is the scope of everything there is we've got time for this. But we're going to give you some powerful stuff that you can play with okay. And it's about integrating the mind and the body it's not just something you do in your head it's it's something you do with all of you and that's where you get the whole the synergy the whole is greater than the sum of the parts the final thing that we're going to do is we're going to take that whole complex from the general negativity process to the temporal editing process we're going to compress it and we're going to install it as a genetic template if you're familiar with any of bruce lipton's work on epigenetics i mean if you're familiar with bruce lipton's work uh go ahead and type i i know or i'm familiar in the chat if not you can look. It up what dr lipton discovered was that the way you think the way you feel changes your dna.

So let's take a process that allows us to change the way we think and feel and install it as a genetic template. So that every memory that you experience going forward is filtered through that information what if all the if you knew how to clear general negativity from your life if you had a clear special negativity if you knew how to have if you had these four um default states of playful curious victorious relentless from the time you were a baby guiding you and moving you forward if you knew how to do all this transformational work from the time you were little moving forward how would that change your life today what kind of a person would you be today if that were possible for you right. Just take a moment imagine it think about it what might it be like because that's what we do we change the foundations of your personality and identity to be what you want it to be. So you can become the person you've always wanted to be instead of the person that life and events conspired to make you right.

And the final piece going back to this the final piece going back to this is once you created this core personality this core identity of what you want what extra things do you want to add to it right. And what i mean by this is um you can research this particular phenomenon it's known as the reikob effect in in russia here it's known as deep trance identification we we have you collect people who represent the exact qualities skills and attributes that you most want and we show you through a process we call magic circle how to install those traits into this core identity that you have deliberately created okay. That's the full identity by design process now obviously in the scope of time that we have we don't have time to do all of these. So we are going to drill down on this one for you today okay.

And we'll show you if you want to learn more we'll show you how to get access to the rest of the silo as we go on. So let's talk about emotions. First and foremost let me go out and get out of this let me just erase this. First because it always comes back to haunt me eraser okay.

So here's where we get here's where it gets fun i want you this good and this is going to take us right. Into our very. First drill i want you to type in the chat what is your biggest most important question for reprogramming your subconscious mind that you'd like the answer today if you came away from this webinar with the answer to this one or two questions what what is that for you type it in the chat form. So i have it right.

Because this will inform how we do the. Next part of our webinar you see we've got here i'd have more confidence not stupid confidence. But reasonable how to eliminate self-sabotage how to override some procrastination unlock lifelong traumas okay. How can i feel full instead of empty why can't you be positive how to uh how to insulate myself no.

They're going by fast okay. How i can program say my goals happiness procrastination i see procrastination twice remove fears detach people and institutions create an altar ooh julie's getting deep uh how can i get myself to consistently do okay. Perfect all right. So are you guys ready for the.

First drill type yes. If you're ready okay. So this exercise is one of the single most powerful most important phenomena you are going to tap into today this is we call this the emotional connection and motivation drill you see human beings make decisions based on emotions and feelings if you've ever had a problem with motivation this is going to help you a lot if you've ever had a problem with motivating other people this is going to help you a lot right. Um if you're a salesperson or you're having trouble closing prospects into clients this is going to help you a lot okay.

You see every human being carries inside of them an internal checklist that must be satisfied in order for them to feel something positive or to take action or to feel good about moving forward with the transaction of the relationship the fastest way to get others to do what you want them to do is to bond yourself your product or your service to their emotional desires now today is not about influencing others today is about influencing you. So what we're going to do today is we're going to show you how to use this process you should we're going to show you how to use this process to motivate and get every part of you lit up like a christmas tree on fire with desire and motivated to take the. Next step does that sound like a useful thing type yes. Or no.

Or yes. Or yes. To code eq hardbacker in the chat okay. So for this drill you are going to need a pencil and a piece and something to write on okay.

I cannot stress this enough if you want to get the most out of everything i'm sharing with you tonight if you want to be as on fire with desire as humanly possible where you take the steps to move your life forward to do these techniques do this drill okay. It will be one of the most important most illuminating things you have ever experienced okay. Okay. I know that's a big claim don't believe me just do it are we ready type yes.

Or yes. Okay. Very good. So let me jump to my uh my onenote really quick and i'm going to share with you a template okay.

So i'm gonna put this on the screen um i would much rather you see me. But um a lot of people don't know what to write. So i'm gonna talk you through i'm gonna talk you through the template um and. Then i'll come back and we'll guide you through the rest of the process okay.

So here's the here's the template this is called the emotional motivation checklist. But here's the one thing i want you to take away um i don't know if it was written on the powerpoint. But i want you to write this down at the top of your sheet everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of now earlier i asked you to type into the chat if you could come away from today with the answer to one or two key questions and you know what those are i want you to start with section a right. Up here okay.

And what do you want. So is it you want to learn how to eliminate self-sabotage is it do you want to end procrastination do you want to be able to create an alter do you want to be able to um uh dissociate yourself or just identify from institutions or people do you want to know why you hold you know stop you just um holding yourself back feel more confident what is it you want right. And on this line i want you to write down let me leave you a little space here i want you to write down longhand sorry i want you to write down what what's the answer to this question what do you want right. Write it out okay.

And. Then i want you to stop for a moment when you just. So i know you're all with me when you've written it out type done in the chat and we'll go from there oh wait it's okay. Cool okay.

Now i want you to stop for a moment close your eyes. Unless you're driving if you're driving don't do this right. Pull off to the side of the road or do it where it's safe i want you to imagine that you have it imagine you've come away with the exact methodology the process the technique to do that imagine what that might be like what do you see what do you hear what do you feel what do you smell what do you taste right. What's it like and.

Then i want you to answer the sub question what does having that allow you to do what is it having that allow you to experience whatever comes up. First don't don't don't analyze it don't uh judge it whatever comes up. First. However politically correct or incorrect it is write it down what's it going to do for you what's it going to allow you to do be have or experience and imagine having that when you've got that type done move on pay attention to the exact words that come up and the order and sequence that they come up because that has neurological significance okay.

Now here's the big question what's important to you about getting it right. What's it going to allow you to feel or experience once you've gotten the let's use procrastination as an example once you've got the keys to removing procrastination once you realize it's going to allow you to do x y and z what's important about doing x y and z what's that going to do for you right. And i want you to just keep drilling down every time you ask the what's important about question and the answer comes up i want you to write down what's important about it. So you've asked the.

First set of questions you've imagined having it you ask what's important about it maybe you get maybe you get wealth or freedom or security or whatever right. Or maybe there's an uh a different set of circumstances where i'll be able to pay my rent on time these are just examples once you have this ask yourself what's important about that maybe paying my rent on time allows me to know i can support my family i'm sorry on a. Second and that allows me to feel secure or safe right. What i want you to do is i want you to just keep asking this one question what's important about and answer the question do it at least three times.

So again what comes up. First are the exact words you should use and ultimately if you could pay your rent feel secure what would that have what would that allow you to experience right. Write those answers out all the way down is everybody clear on what i want you to do some of you have done this before. So it's a um it's it's old hat.

But some of you are brand new to this. So i'm gonna look. At the chat really quick here done perfect all right. So you should have if you've done this properly you should have at least three three ver three answers to what's important about question now here's what i want you to do i want you to stand up and as you connect the answers to your questions to what you're going to get from this webinar and following the instructions and doing the drills and taking things to the.

Next level today as you connect that i want you to repeat only the answers to your question word for word from your sheet i want you to repeat them out loud now before you do that pay attention to how your body feels right. Now and. Then i want you to speak these out loud at least five times if you do 10 great when you've done that type done in the chat cool perfect now once you've done that type into the chat what you noticed what what happened when you repeated those words to you out loud to yourself what did you feel smiled anxiety okay. Call powerful relief fear okay.

Good whatever you feel is perfectly okay. Felt the nut in my stomach ease calm smiling waves of energy stood up straighter right. Felt strong centered and powerful more centered yes. The reason this is working like this good feeling good surge perfect would you like more of it yes.

Or yes. Right. So you guys ready to play with magic frame level one can you stand up now those good feelings that you just had notice something that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from point to where you feel as you point to where you feel it if again this is a now this is a if it's a good feeling all right. For those of you who had a less than positive feeling come up we'll show you something how to fix that.

So for the good feelings point to where you feel it if there were a picture now floating in the space around you that represents that amazing feeling that feeling you want more of for yourself a picture that you could reach out and touch take your other hand reach out and touch if you don't know where it is pretend that you do right. And here's what i want you to do. Next i want you to take both of your hands now trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is.

Then i want you to grab it and here's what i want you to do i want you to make the picture big expand it like you would expand the window on your iphone or your touch screen at home make it from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and notice what happens to the feelings in your body right. Now pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feelings now now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket and notice what happens roberta says feeling the flow expand feeling full of light perfect wrap it around you like a big blanket and let it sit let it sit a desire for this and and everything that comes with it let it sit in there this is magic frame part one we call this the frame game this is something that we do lucifer says my heart is going crazy right. When you made the picture bigger what happened to the feelings type it in the chat there's two ways this can go inner tingles lauren says actually made me feel warm i have this weird feeling like i don't deserve it ah okay. Excellent expanded i felt.

So powerful grew stronger warm to anxiousness perfect anxiety stomach pain right. Now a lot of people may be wondering why am i saying if you if you like if the majority of people are having these amazing positive experiences and somebody says i'm having anxiety or i'm feeling fear or like i don't deserve this to feel this good let me explain why you see that human beings have two sets of belief systems there's beliefs they're conscious of beliefs they know about okay. And. Then there's the other ones the beliefs they don't know they have those feelings those negative unconsciously held limiting beliefs often manifest as a background sense of ickiness whenever you're trying to program yourself to do something positive how many of you noticed and again a lot of you may have noticed this some of you may not have noticed this how many of you noticed that when you made that positive feeling bigger there was this big up front in your face really great feeling.

But in the background there was like this little icky niggling like whiny it's not real stress just you just notice it in the background. But it's not nearly as strong as the positive feeling up front if you notice yes. Now here's what's going on like i said before one of the problems especially with law of attraction is that human beings are the belief around law of attraction is that you will pull into your life the situation circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts the problem with modern law of attraction training is they lead you down the wrong path they don't tell you what your dominant thoughts are your dominant thoughts are not your conscious thoughts they're not even your conscious beliefs although they can be are the ones below the threshold of conscious awareness that manifest as little background feelings that you try to ignore see each of those negative feelings is like a little movie on an endless loop the way you find them is by focusing on the positive thing noticing where in the body the negative feeling is and. Then using magic frame to remove it and when we come back from our offer we'll show you how to do that right.

But remember human beings have two sets of beliefs or two sets of thoughts the thoughts they know about and the thoughts that they don't has this been useful. So far if you if you feel like it's been useful type hell yeah in the chat right. From just this yes. Perfect excellent all right.

We're going to we're going to introduce you in the. Next part when we come back we're going to introduce you to something called the somatic search engine concept and the way this works is your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system will answer any question you put to it. So many times the problem we have in our life is based on the crappy questions we're asking our neurology if we ask ourselves better questions we'll get a more empowered life right. So go back to the thing you wanted make it even bigger make it even stronger okay.

Now just for fun really quick point to that thing that was getting in the way notice there's a picture connected somewhere in the space around you connected to that reach out and touch that trace the outline of it with both of your hands and shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp and notice what happens to that field just type it in the chat what you notice disappears oh holy cow batman anxious okay. It's gone it's gone all right. It loses its power yes. What you just tapped into is something we call the proprioceptive grid now when we come back from the.

Next piece um we'll show you more about you got more surge like the good stuff got better daryl is that what you're trying to say is this useful cool very good you guys ready to learn how to take this to the. Next level type yes. Or yes. In the chat cool all right.

Hold on a. Second let me look. Back at the uh i'm missing everybody in the chat i'm sorry okay. Cool.

So with your permission i'd like to take a short time and explain to you some offers we put together for you that will allow you to build on this take it to the. Next level learn the entire identity by design silo if that's what you want to do and apply it to your life would it be okay. To share some information with you how do you can take this to the. Next level if that's okay.

Type it in the chat perfect all right. I will go through this as quickly and as thoroughly as i can and again this is for you if you know this is something that will change your life okay. So with your permission i'd like to present hold on a. Second let me catch up there we go the interesting secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training for success home study course this is a set of courses i put together that you can use from the privacy of your own home that will allow you to systematically remove all the negativity in your in your currently feeling stuff you know about consciously stuff you don't uh to remove the special negativity that we've talked about to install your default driver states it's going to allow you to make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more confident sabotage yourself a whole lot less to remove that procrastination and become ultimately a more charming charismatic and irresistible human being this program is all about you taking control of your life from the most basic fundamental levels of your identity all the way up to the results you produce in every aspect of your life we're gonna give you the tools to start making that happen.

So here's what we put together now this offer is only good uh through today september 16 2021 at 11 59 pm uh. So pay attention and act appropriately. So this course is going to share with you it's going to be 14 different videos it's going to teach you the entire seven stage identity by design process for mind control training and for rebuilding your identity from the ground up it's going to teach you how to systematically clear the unconsciously held negative emotions and beliefs you didn't even know you had it's a 297 value we're going to teach you how to remove all those safety rules we talked about earlier that are keeping you stuck the ones that keep even though when you know what to do you know how to do it you know who you should be doing it with. But you just can't pull the trigger we're going to show you how to change that once and for all it's a 297 dollar value we're going to teach you how to remove the negative voices in your head that hold you back you know what voices i'm talking about that voice in your head that just said what voice or voice that just said this is or the voice that just says this is too much money or the voice that said you don't uh you don't have time for this blah blah blah blah blah that's the voice we're talking about we're going to show you how to turn it from the voice that holds you back to a voice that moves you forward inspires you and gives you the feelings you've always wanted from the time you were a little a little baby to 297 value.

But i think you can gather it's worth a heck of a lot more than that we're going to teach you how to install these four pillars of personal power and success the playfulness the curiosity the relentlessness the triumphant energies that you can have them on tap the systematic positive energies and states that move you forward and magnetize you to be actually being more personally and professionally lucky once again 297 dollar value we're going to show you systematically we're going to walk you through the process how to sanitize the negativity and the negative emotional charges from your past memories and show you how to transfer all that energy into your positive ones making them even stronger more powerful more inspiring empowering and motivational uh in all the ways you want. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember the past in ways that make your life better the negative memories will no. Longer have any emotional or physiological significance to you.

But just be things that happened and lessons that you've learned that you don't you'll no. Longer be bothered by it's a 297 dollar value okay. We're going to teach you how to install a personal success template that includes all of the stages we talked about earlier into your genetic memory. So that your whole body becomes a mechanism for reinforcing and creating powerful transformational alchemical effects from the time from your earliest memory forward it's going to be imprinted in you at the dna level in a way that will create profound changes over time okay.

It's a 297 dollar value. Finally we're going to teach you how to borrow or install the genius skills and abilities of other people people who you want to have more of in your life you want to express more or be more like well using the deep trance identification process the reichhoff effect will tell you how to build and install these new skills and templates in the identity that you've been creating. So that you can have more of the life and the results you want to have it's a 297 value we're also going to include the real world hypnosis identity by design course manual which is actually class more in it than what i'm describing here has instant rapid inductions conversational hypnosis trainings uh self-help scripts um uh what else um i think it also has some regression scripts in it as well uh. So it's a very very uh full-fledged manual it's a 418 value we're going to include this as part of the entire training program plus we're going to talk more about this.

Later you're going to get access to an online community with more than 210 active members in it. So you can practice and discuss and get feedback on your skills okay. If you were to add this up get it on the website it would totally about two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollars. But because this is a webinar because there i want you to have all the tools necessary to redesign and rebuild your life not just internally which is what this is about this is about your inner game this is about changing who you are on the inside.

But. Then there's also the outer game what are the skill do you have do you you know we talked about mindset versus skill set this is all about mindset we also want to make sure you have the skill sets necessary to express this new you that you're creating. So if you wait and grab your course today we're also going to include some of these extra special bonuses and these are really important okay. First of all you're not just going to get the secret to personality transformation home study course which is all about programming you we're going to throw in for those of you who are coaches therapists mentors um personal trainers things of that nature we're going to include the full five day identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course.

So just like i said when i mentioned the identity by design manual you're going to learn how to hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to remove blocks and limiting beliefs find and remove hidden negativity stuff you didn't even know you had clear up issues that just don't seem to go away to change that crappy voice inside your head. So that it builds your clients up instead of tearing them down to resolve negativity from their pasts and to install the traits qualities and characteristics that you want them to have that they want to have and much much more okay. Total value for you to buy this on the website will be 1 497 we're going to give this to you absolutely free because you stepped up and and said hey i want to make a change today we're just going to give this to you it's usually a five-day certificate and you get all five days of the training including the instant rapid inductions the conversation hypnosis the uh the special consultation process that we use that has about a 99 close rate really powerful stuff total value if you were to buy these on the website individually be two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars. But we're not going to stop there we want to make sure you have all the tools that you need.

So we're also going to include the special hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course this is a course that is a derivative of the identity by design system. So all the previous techniques that you learn in identity by design and personality transformation you're going to begin to translate those into ways to manifest more of the things you want in your life you want more money you want a better job you want more better relationships we're going to show you some most powerful ways to leverage these techniques to find and remove the hidden blocks to your success on a health wealth and happiness level that you didn't know you have how to become a money magnet how to actually magnetize your your mind and reprogram your neurology to orient you and guide you to opportunities for making more money we're going to teach you how to actually influence people remotely to do what she wants a little uh little machiavelli in there. But people always want to know how to do this right. And by the way for those who have an icky uh feeling about remote influence if you've ever prayed for somebody to do something you were remote influencing them.

So get over it um if you clear up issues that just don't seem to go away we'll show you how to fix that we're going to teach you a powerful new information method for programming your mind a way of doing um affirmations that actually is in harmony with how your nervous system wants to be talked to or communicated with and will actually activate the vast majority of the energy and the power within your neurology to move you forward to blow through blocks and limiting beliefs to become more uh assertive and dominant to go for the things you want it's extremely powerful and once you understand uh how this works and it's actually quite easy you'll be able to do this anytime anywhere to just amp up the motivation of yourself or if you're working with clients to really supercharge their motivation right. It's really really powerful if you're gonna for yourself of course. But if you're guiding people through this um it's even more powerful. So again we're gonna teach you how to remove the negativity from your past how to attract the things you want and change what you think you deserve this is a you know some people some people mentioned earlier that uh when they were pointing to where they feel like reaching out and touching it they felt like they didn't deserve to feel as happy we're going to show you how to change that we're going to actually show you how to manifest things you don't think you deserve and you still get it it's really kind of fun right.

Um negativity from your past we'll show you how to clear that and. Finally once again you'll learn how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people scientists psychologists and researchers have discovered that there are about five to six personality traits that all lucky people have and if you know the identity by design protocols you can take these characteristics once you understand them and magnify them to the point where they become the dominant force in your life now if that's not that lucky you know you ever notice that lucky people even though they work hard they never seem to work quite as hard they seem to get a bigger return on their investment don't you hate those people how would you like to be one right. How would you like to be somebody who actually can work less and get more right. Who can turn lemons into lemonade that's what lucky people tend to do and it's because they actually have a nervous system that has qualities that actually navigate them towards it okay.

We can talk about that when we come back from uh for the. Second half i'll talk about some of those qualities and characteristics and how you can begin to magnify them in yourself okay. You'll discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation i have ever discovered it's called image cycling you may have heard me reference it in other videos in uh in other courses this hands down i thought the information method was really powerful when i discovered image cycling uh my ability to manifest patently impossible stuff went through the roof for those of you who are familiar with the image cycling technique for the benefit of those people just coming into planet david if you used if you used image cycling to manifest something type it in the chat what happened and how fast it happened just for the. So for their edification you expect me to tell you cool stuff.

But listen to these people right. And. So much more there's gonna tell you where to place things there's a special kind of feng shui that i was taught from my face reading teacher lillian bridges uh where to place stuff in your house to manifest more uh money and financial prosperity in your life it's really cool. So we're going to throw this in as as part of our way of rounding out your ability to create the life you want the way that you want it and get you on the fast track towards experiencing the life that you deserve to have instead of the life people convinced you you deserve to have right.

It's a 1497 value we're going to throw it in absolutely free as part of this program it's a uh if you if you went to the website and tried to buy all of these together it would be a total of 5491 okay. We're also going to throw in again we talked about once again inner game versus outer game we're going to give you this special program this is called real world conversation hypnosis the universal persuasion protocol level one one of the things that i've discovered over and over and over again is that people can have the mindset they can have they can have all this energy they can have all this focus in all this direction. But if they don't have the skills to put that energy and enthusiasm to work they're dead in the water they might as well not even have that because they can't they can't realize it. So what i've decided to do with this program is i i spent the.

First half of the of the package amping up your inner game we're going to give we're going to spend the. Second half of this package teaching you how to have the skills to go out into the world and exert and and ground all of that influence in the world around you. So this is a program i created many many years ago and it's still the number one influence program uh in the world it's going to teach you how to instantly hypnotize people during normal conversations without them ever knowing you're doing it it'll allow you to hypnotize anyone any time anywhere under any circumstance for any reason now before you start thinking of hypnosis is somebody swinging a watch at you or mind controlling them i want you to understand something if you've ever been emotionally moved by a piece of poetry or a person's recitation of shakespeare or a piece of music or a compelling story you've been hypnotized and. So the elements that make up a compelling absorption absorbing experience for a bit of for a human being can be distilled down to seven distinct language patterns and if you build these language patterns into your normal way of speaking people will just naturally want to listen to you they'll become highly predisposed to doing what you want for the right.

Reasons usually theirs um because it's all based on this emotional bonding checklist that i i gave you the process of now you guys remember how well you how how good you felt when we did that emotional motivation checklist if you if you remember that type it in the chat how good that felt if you remember just type i remember okay. Now let me ask you a question what if you could move through the world making everybody you meet feel that good how would your life change you think people want to do more stuff for you they want to pay attention to you more they want to follow your lead a little bit more that's exactly what this program will teach you how to do it's going to teach you how to tap into the emotion the emotional motivation checklist of everyone you meet how to use these seven key language patterns to bond what you want them to do to what they most want. So that they can get it. So they want to do what you want them to do for their own reasons there's no.

Lying there's no. Deception there's no. Cheating of any kind you find out what a person truly wants and. Then show them how to get it in a very descriptive compelling way let me ask you a question what if you could make anybody's brain or anybody's mind pay attention to only the things you wanted to pay attention to and disregard everything else would that be useful type yes.

Or yes. In the chat what if you could make anything you want seem to cause anything you want in the minds of your listener would that be a useful skill to have type yes. In the chat if that's useful what if you could make anything you want mean anything you wanted in the minds of your listener would that be useful right. How about what if you could actually make a person's internal mind movies be exactly what you describe without any possibility of mistranslation would that be useful right.

I can't think of any situation where those skills wouldn't be extremely useful at home at work with your personal relationships with your children if you are a writer if you're someone who writes books or sales copy or pamphlets or any kind of promotion or marketing material this is worth its weight in gold okay. So this will allow you to move through the world making everyone you meet feel ridiculously good make people like love and trust you on command gain magnetic charisma and much much more all without ever lying cheating or stealing right. Again one of the most important skills that you as a self-actualizing human being need to have is the ability to persuade to inspire and motivate people to want to do the things you want them to do. So you can get the things you want in life we're going to show you in a very powerful neurologically friendly way how to do that it's called real world conversational hypnosis otherwise known as still cpi and it's all contained in the universal persuasion protocol it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value when you register before the end of the webinar is seven thousand four hundred and forty one dollars uh if you were to buy these individually you'd be looking at quite an expenditure and.

Finally we're going to give you one of the most powerful most important self-help tools as well as external influence tools imaginable we call this course renegade reframing how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes now stop for a moment and imagine this what if as you were doing yourself work or being presented an opportunity um you discovered a limiting belief that you had that you didn't know was there what if you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief in seconds would that be useful what if you're giving uh you're doing therapy or coaching someone they come up with a reason or a belief that holds them holds them back what if you had 14 different tools before you started combining them that would rapidly change those beliefs and overcome any objection to moving forward they could come up with how would your life change this is one of the most powerful tools that we've ever come up with it's based on the work of dr richard bandler uh and robert dilts many many years ago dr dil or mr dilts was watching dr bandler teach an nlp class and dr dr bandler would would habitually challenge his students oops sorry about that dr bandler would habitually uh challenge his students to try and change his beliefs and what uh doctor where am i on a. Second i hit the button by accident and. So what and what what uh dr dilts noticed was that every time someone in the audience would try to met a model or or attack dr bandler's beliefs dr bannon would whip out one of these reframe patterns and completely destroy the attack and when you combine them in two or three together it would completely create a window into a person's nervous system that created. So much confusion they would become instantly hyper-suggestible now you don't need to take it that far.

But think about it for a moment think about every time you've had an opportunity and a limiting belief held you back what if you had at least 14 different ways to change that belief in just seconds all right. What if you presented somebody with an opportunity that you knew would be good for them. But their limiting beliefs got in the way their objections got in the way what if you had at least 14 different ways to change it make them want to do what you wanted them to do and that's just the beginning i love this program because um we actually created a card game called the reframe game where you actually can actually play a game where you act where you actually someone espouses a limiting belief or an objection to something you throw a reframe card at you and the person you throw the card at has to use uh that reframe to overcome the objection. So you kind of play a little bit of a war with each other in this.

So it's a very fast very fun effective way to learn how to do this in normal everyday conversations more playful you become with this material the more rapidly um it's going to work for you it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you if you took. Everything that we talked about today and added it up bought it from from david snyder nlp on our store you'd be looking at over 9 391 um in in investments in tuitions. But when you register before the end of the webinar let's review really quick okay. You're going to get the secrets of personality transformation package it's 14 videos plus the manual that includes the seven stage identity by design process it's a 2497 value real world identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course 1497 value you're going to get the hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation master class again this is one of our people love this course i can't say enough about it hundred ninety seven dollar value uh you're gonna get there's our.

Third bonus is the universal persuasion protocol stealth cpi level one it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value and. Then. Finally you're going to get renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly it's a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value total package value today is nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars. But of course we don't want you to pay nine thousand three hundred ninety one dollars we want you to have the best deal humanly possible.

So for those of you who have stayed on this long who have followed the instructions can see the value and how this can change your life we'd like to help you out we'd like to help you get started as quickly as humanly possible. So you're not going to have to pay 9 391 you're not even gonna have to pay 6 347 or 5 347 heck we're not even going to go to 33 or 23. for those of you who want to jump on this this opportunity today if you know if you have the experience if you've done the drills if you're ready to take the get the whole system and apply it to your life you can get it all for a low one-time investment of just 9.97 and if you need a little help stephanie's on the line to help you out and get it all for free easy installments of just 3.97 all you need to do to start taking advantage of that get started today is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind and for those of you on our youtube channel oh okay. Somebody's already posted the link. So i don't need to do it excellent.

So once again um this is not for everybody this is for people who absolutely know that they want to take charge of their unconscious mind that they want the tools to make the life they want the way that they want it okay. Two kinds of people in the world those who take action and those who watch what watch and wonder what happened okay. Thank you lana lana says that's an amazing value yes. Absolutely um when i you know if people often ask me uh at the uh at the uh usually at the uh during an intermission or towards the end of our one of our live events they come up to me and they look.

At our offer catalog and they say david i'm curious about something i notice that the price points between your video courses and your live courses are very very similar i'm curious which is a better investment for me um is it better to get the videos or is it better to get the live training and without hesitation i always look. At i say come to the live events because when you come to the live event i can interact with you personally i can look. At where your sticking points are you get to work with hundreds and hundreds. But you get hundreds of repetitions on these skill sets we do more hands-on training than probably any other trainer in the industry our goal is to make you unstoppable in the shortest amount of time possible and i always tell people that if you can get to the live event do it if you can't.

Then the. Next best thing is to talk to one of us. First. So that we can give you the minimum number of courses to take to get from where you are to where you want to be i applied that same thinking to this package that i'm sharing with you today i'm putting myself in the position of somebody who wants to take control their mind who wants to take control of their life and thought to myself okay.

If they know nothing they have no. Background what is the minimum number of courses that will cover what goes on inside their head and how they express their uh their skills externally how do i balance that out and that's the package that we've created for you today right. And in case you were wondering everything that we're sharing with you today everything that we're offering you comes with a 60-day 100 satisfaction money back guarantee take the information assimilate it put it to work for you if you have sticking points call us at six three 858-282-4663 help and let us guide you through any sticking points that you have if after 60 days you're not making more money closing more deals attracting more success into your life you're not moving rapidly towards the life of your dreams if you're if you're sabotage isn't dropping or your procrastination isn't going away or you're not feeling more secure more confident more powerful i'll refund your money right. If you're not moving if you're not eliminating the blocks to your success the way you want to if you're not seeing concrete positive proof towards becoming the person you want to be let us know and if in 60 days and we will give you back every dime that you invested in this program you have absolutely nothing to risk it's on us to show you what to do it's up to you to do it i mean we're good at what we do we can't multiply zeros.

So. But i honestly believe i honestly know in my heart that if you put these techniques into practice if you do the drills the way that we teach them to you your brain will change your mind will change the way you see the world will change you will move through the world feeling more competent confident and unstoppable more playful more curious you will magnetize yourself for more money and more success in ways you never thought possible and perhaps even more importantly you'll have the tools to express your own personal power your own personal competency and capabilities in any theater of engagement that you want from the bar room to the treatment room to the classroom to the boardroom to the bedroom the skills in this package will allow you to take your life to the. Next level and beyond and if it doesn't let us know within 60 days and we'll give you back every every cent you invested if you're not successful we don't want your your funds okay. So get yours now just go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind click the link and we'll get you started you can start downloading your courses today click that link click that link okay.

Www.davidsnydernlp.com and again for those of you who are action takers and you know who you are for those of you who are ready to get in the game i want to reward that i think people who are willing to go. First are willing to take the action deserve extra credit extra benefits. So for those of you who are ready to grab your course today before september 16th 2021 11 59 pm i've put together the special fast action bonuses for you this is only for the. Next uh 15 to 20 people that uh jump on this right.

Now when i log off these go away. So let's pay attention. First and foremost one of the most powerful most important things that you can do is be part of a community that allows you the opportunity to practice the skills you want to learn and master 10 years ago actually um 11 years ago now i created a group called the nlp power mastermind mentoring program let me explain this to you really really quickly the nlp power mastermind mentoring program is the world's longest running group mentoring program it's been running non-stop since october of 2010 and it's not a course that's going to give you a certificate if you're looking to join the mastermind if you get a certificate that's not what it's about it's about developing your skills it's about rolling up your sleeves doing the drills and putting those skills into application the way it works is on the. Third saturday of every month starting actually we have one coming up this weekend.

So you can jump right. In we get together usually in person right. Now we're doing it virtually. But we're going to move back to in person once all the code stuff has gone away and i literally go around the room and i say kevin what do you want to learn moss what do you want to learn lana what do you want to learn evelyn what do you want to learn theresa what do you want to learn right.

And i i write up on the nathaniel what do you want i i i listen to what you want i write it on the board when everybody's gone around i look. At what's on that board i notice where they all kind of connect and intersect i create a lesson plan for all of you right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you as a group and in individual groups on those exact skills until you can do them in your sleep okay.

So one of the things that holds people back especially if they can't get to a live event is the inability to have people to practice with. So we've created a venue and a forum for you to do that one of the other things that happens is because it's austin it's kind of odd talking about these mind skills with other people they're not they look. At us like we're weird. So you get to come in on the.

Third saturday of every month you get to tell me exactly what you want to learn about i create a lesson plan for you and the rest of the group and we work specifically on those skills until you've got it. Then you go out into the world and you apply those skills you come back to. Next month and i'm going to ask you what do you want to learn i'm going to write it on the board i'm going to look. At the connecting threads and i'm going to drill you on those skills.

So you're going to keep building on the skill sets that you have and targeting the sticking points in your life does that make sense right. But here's it gets even better we're going to give you a three-month trial come in try it for three months if you like it stay if you don't you got to hang out with cool people who like to do cool stuff here's the better part or the best one of the better parts of that i have videotaped every single one of those mastermind mentoring sessions for the. Last 11 years we have archived all of that footage in three places on the nlp power website our private facebook. Page and uh for our dot gold through diamond members on our youtube channel for those of you who jump on one of these fast action bonuses you're going to get that three-month trial membership and full access to the entire 10-year archive where we teach everything from energy healing regression sales techniques dating tactics um law of attraction methods marketing skills the whole nine yards right.

Again because it's a free form the edit it's it's you every every every class is different. But you get full access 24 hours a day seven days a week for the entire length of your trial you can binge watch content that has never seen the light of day on youtube or in any product that we've offered okay. Total value for that i know it should be a lot more i know uh it's we're putting a price tag of 594 on it it's actually a lot more because this is what allows you to go from zero to hero you know i tell my students that for everything you get from me you're always going to pay twice right. The.

First payment is the easy one that's the money because you can always make more money it's the. Second payment that makes the difference and that payment is the payment of time energy and effort the ability to go to do the drills to get the skills the. First payment gives you access the. Second payment gives you ownership and that's what the mastermind is all about the mastermind is about you.

Next to all the same the people who have the exact same interest that you do working developing real world skills that you can take out into the world and when you need to you can go back and watch the videos from the class you are in or you can watch previous videos from the years and the months prior you get a 90-day trial to take your skills to the. Next level okay. So it's you can see we put a price tag on it of 594. But you can see if you just think about it for a moment it's actually worth a whole lot more.

But we're not going to stop there right. If we take a look. At everything we've gotten. So far if you include all the things we've talked about plus this you're looking at a combined value of nine thousand nine hundred and eighty five dollars.

But we're also going to throw in again for those of you who want to get started right. Away the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is once again a drill down on some of the the types of hypnosis techniques that you can put into practice practically immediately there'll be a video or video or two videos in there on instagram rapid inductions the videos drill downs on the seven most powerful language patterns that exist how to make people uh how to manipulate people's awareness how to create make anything you want cause anything you want in the minds of your listener how to create make anything you want mean anything you want how to force a person's minds to be exactly what you you know to think about exactly what you want them to think about and exactly the way you want to think about it all through the power of conversational hypnosis there's another five lesson another five video course now called instant influence we actually see me teaching these language patterns in front of a live audience and. Then there's i believe two other video courses in there one on one called anchors in action and if not account buttons which is a drill down on how to use nlp style anchoring to control your state in the states of others as well as how to tap into a person's emotional bonding checklist we talked about that in today's class these are all part of this particular fast start course and it was designed specifically people to download it tonight and be hypnotizing people tomorrow. So if you want to if you're if you're kind of impatient like me and you want to get started this is the place the best place to start it's a 997 value comes with manuals and workbooks it's a completely downloadable course we're going to give it to you absolutely free it's a combined value of 10 982.

Finally you heard me talk about live events you turned my emphasis on live events for any of the. Next 15 people to register for this package today we we're going to give you we're going to issue a free vip super ticket this ticket will give you free admission to any single live event of your choice some restrictions do apply in our 2021 and 2022 calendars we've already got those um those dates and those events mapped out you can go to davidsnetternlp.com forward slash events to see the whole calendar and what this does for you it's in 1 950 value and what this does is it allows you full access free vip admission to any single event uh we've got coming up and the nice thing about this particular ticket is once you have it you're in our database you you have it until you use it. So if you buy this ticket today and it takes you two years to come to a live event when you're ready to come to that live event it's waiting for you if you if you want to come to a training and it's sold out and you have one of these vip tickets we will make a seat for you if you're getting ready to come to a training and something happens at the. Last minute that you can't come to the training all you do is pick up the phone send stephanie an email we will move you to another training this is yours to use any way you like until you use it right.

So if it takes you i've got guys and ladies get these these tickets at like ht live back in 2016. i don't hear from them again until 2020 they ask i got this ticket i won this package in one of your raffles can i use it yes. You have it until you use it if you want to gift it to somebody who you think might benefit from coming to one of our live events you can do that probably one of the coolest things about the vip super ticket is that the price points of the event you want to attend no. Longer matter let's say you get this ticket today and it's worth 1 950 value. But maybe three years from now you want to come to an event and now our average tuition to get in is 2500 to get in well it doesn't matter if you have that vip ticket you get in free it doesn't matter right.

Um if you're let's say you want to come to one of our live events in uh in the uk or in cyprus um and everything we do in europe or great britain is done in the in the native currency. So if you're gonna if you're coming to a training in uh in britain everything is going to be in pound sterling if you know anything about exchange rates 1 950 pound sterling is a lot more than 1 950 1950 euro is a lot more than 1 950 if you have one of these tickets it doesn't matter doesn't matter if the event is sold out doesn't matter if the price point is higher if you have one of these tickets you get to go you get to go to the front of the line if you have to if you can't if something comes up at the. Last minute there's another code restriction another rounds of shutdowns your boss makes you work there's a death in the family whatever reason you pick up the phone you let us know we'll move you to another training okay. This is our gift to you absolutely free for again spending time with us on this webinar and and taking the time to do these drills to get these skills right.

Like i said before um this is only good for the. Next 15 people to register today when i log off the webinar today um these three bonuses go away okay. The rest of the bonuses are valid until 11 59 pm tonight. But these go away when i when i turn off the webinar okay.

So just uh real quick total package values 12 hundred and thirty two dollars you're gonna get the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control training home study courses manual it's a two thousand four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're going to include absolutely free the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at one thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollars absolutely free we're going to give you hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course 1497 we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the stealth cpi universal persuasion protocol home study course it's a three day training with the manual 1 950 and value we're going to give it to you free right. We're going to give you renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and we're gonna give you the three month trial membership and access to the nlp power mastermind mentoring archive uh for three months it's a 594 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free and to me i can't really put a price on the nlp power master my mentoring program many of the things that i can do today are a direct result of my people of me uh being put on the spot by my students saying well how do i combine this this and this what happens when you do this and i got to think of it i got to figure it out on the spot and. Then teach it. So i can't say enough about the power of rolling up your sleeves around a group of people committed to doing the same thing and getting those skills hands-on and getting feedback on it.

So to me it's it's priceless. But we're going to give it to you free for three months to see if it's something that fits with you. Then we're going to throw in the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolute free and of course that vip super ticket which gives you your choice of any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar to 1950 value we're going to give it to you free again if you went to the website you'd be paying 12 932 to get all this if you could and some of this you can't get on the website. But today you can get it all for one low investment in yourself again remember this is not about the price you pay it's the investment you make payments are things you pay once and.

Then they never do anything for you again investments keep paying you back and that's what this is about right. You get one one loan installment today of just 997 or if you need help we can break that up into three easy installments of just 397. this is all about you all you got to do to claim yours is go to www.nlpower.com i'm sorry david snyder nlp.com forward slash mind that's www.davidsnidernlp.com forward slash mind and we will get again you can enroll today start downloading the courses today start hypnotizing people tomorrow start coming to live events. Next week or. Next month if you want to right.

If you have any questions we're here to help you to get you through your sticking points to point you where you need to go and give you the tweaks that you need to make this work for you okay. So once again this is the 14 video seven stage identity by design system plus the manual the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery course stealth cpi level one universal persuasion protocol renegade reframing stealth is the conversation of nurses crash course the young power mastermind mentoring practice group trial and of course that free vip ticket. So here's what's going to happen i'm going to give you a few moments to go ahead and click that link www.davidsnetternlp.com we're going to come back at 5 50 5 54. we're going to give you 10 minutes to go to the bathroom grab some coffee get your questions answered stephanie and brandon and seth are waiting in both the chats on youtube and here um on uh on our zoom platform they'll answer any questions you have go to www.davidsnyernlp.com forward slash minds again if this is something that you know can change your life if you felt significant change from just the few things that we did. Then this is something you need to do www.davisnyernlp.comforwardslash mine we're going to take a 10 minute break we'll be back at 5 54 and we are going to continue teaching we're going to pick up where we left off with the magic frame we're going to build on that we're going to teach you about what we call bucket listing which is how to work on your own stuff by yourself at your own pace we're going to show you how to use the magic frame to remove safety lessons that are holding you back and.

Then we'll look. At maybe if we have time we'll look. At some of the other questions that you have and maybe we'll do informations or we'll lay the groundwork for some other things remember from this point on this webinar is all about you right. So let's take that ten minute break or nine minute break now and we're going to come back and we're gonna start picking up where we left off and teaching in the meantime click that link get your questions answered we'll see you at 5 50 5 55 554 i'm sorry talk to you soon okay.

I'm back from my potty break if anybody has questions while we're letting everybody else get back i'm happy to answer those some people were saying that they they they they uh they got the course. But now they're not seeing um their uh their products in the back just reach out to stephanie or brandon and uh they'll make sure that that shows up because those those courses are actually entered by are activated by hand we need to make sure that people vetting who are getting the courses actually know the process to access their stuff. So um. But yeah if you guys have questions that i can answer and some of you may have noticed that uh we have uh people what in a moderating of both chats if you're misbehaving they will uh they will whack you.

So i want to say anything yeah david center forward slash mind yes. Does anybody have anything that they'd like to ask uh vg says stephanie he doesn't see the installment option can you help him out if you have questions oh another thing i wanted to talk about really quick uh if you're if this isn't your. First time on planet david and and you have some of these courses if you let stephanie know that you actually have one of these courses you can actually substitute a course. So let's say you you grab this course today and you notice that you actually have stealth cpi level one right.

Well you can go to our website or you can work with stephanie personally and you can substitute any course that's 1950 value or less you can swap it out. So you can customize your own packages that would be stephanie at nlpower.com you can also reach your 858 282 four six six three and by the way if you call stephanie and the line is busy because it's always we always have a rush um make sure that you leave let me go ahead go here real quick make sure make sure that you leave contact information for stephanie if you call and you leave your contact information you will qualify for the bonuses okay. If you call and you do not leave your contact information you will when you when you call back you will not qualify to get the bonuses okay. Stephanie works very hard to make uh to work with be as flexible as possible uh if the line is busy and a lot of times it is just keep calling right.

Let us know that that you you your contact information and we will actually help you uh get to where you are from where you want to be in the shortest amount of time possible right. A lot of questions about our upcoming event with chase hughes on spycraft lester sanchez says i bought the course what am i available to download uh lester you reach out to stephanie directly you should check your email there should be some notifications and a way to access your and create your david snyder nlp account and that if and that should be there for you if not reach again reach out to 7858 282 4663 and uh she will walk you through that process also brandon burr my uh my partner is also ask rating as me on some of these chats. So you can reach him um at uh i i don't know brandon you want to type in your uh type in what email they can reach you at. So that they can follow up brandon jetwebinar.com thank you that's the other david schneider the other white me right.

So you guys uh for those of you who aren't asking me questions have has what you learned been useful. So far have you felt things in your body begin to shift and change yes. Or yes. Cool perfect now again this is the scope of everything that there is to learn we've still got time for this there is a universe inside of you waiting waiting to be unlocked and you don't need all of it to start making change you just need pieces of it and you just need to know the mechanics of how the system works as we get deeper into the.

Second portion of tonight's webinar technically the. Third portion i want to kind of give you a little bit more of the theory i don't want to overload you because one of the problems is there's two ways to keep people stuck the. First one is to not give them enough information the. Second is to give them way too much information.

So my job as an instructor is to guide you give you just enough information that you can do the work. But not. So much that your conscious mind trips over itself trying to do it you have to integrate the different aspects of your consciousness together to get the maximum effect from these techniques. But it starts with being playful you don't have to and again i spent a lot of time uh to to hone these things down to where belief is not necessary for you to get an effect it's a fun it's a functional process if you just do the process they will work for you okay.

And with that we're going to get back to content. So when. Last we left we talked about point to where you feel it reach out and touch it right. You guys remember that yes.

Or yes. Okay. This is the interactive portion of tonight's webinar all right. So the.

First thing we did uh before we went into the package we put together was we had you have we gave you an experience we talked about what we call the emotional motivation checklist here's the here's the big takeaway people talk about motivation there's two ways to be successful you can be motivated or you can be disciplined they're not mutually exclusive. But one often uh compensates for the other and it's in your best interest to develop both motivation comes in two forms it's either going to be an external motivator or an internal motivator external motivation is almost always viewed by the neurology as painful and we don't like to be in pain and. So we become reactant to it okay. Uh if you guys have ever ever had somebody push you and the.

First thing you want to do is push back right. That's called reactants okay. If you've ever had that experience go ahead and type that in chat perfect now this this reactance phenomena that we're talking about comes in two varieties physical and psychological. So you know in a physical confrontation somebody pushes me i either lock down and free and and become very solid and resistant or i i try to push back the same thing happens when people try to convince us of something that we don't want to be convinced of right.

Uh if you've read any of the books by robert sheldini uh have you ever read how many of you by by a show of of me me in the chat have ever read the book. Uh influence the psychology of persuasion by robert chaldean okay. Good a lot of you have if you haven't put it on your reading list you need to understand that because this is how governments and marketers are pushing your buttons psychologically all the time society has installed in you a whole bunch of behavioral programs that fit that you just flip a switch and you behave in a predictable manner that's how most of your marketing works we want to teach you how to take control of those skills. But one of the pro one of the things that dr chaldini talks about is his concept of reactants and reactance is this pushback phenomena i call it the you factor um that happens anytime we are exposed to a kind of influence we didn't ask for.

So if i showed up uh what's his surname and book. Title uh seth or brandon can you put the book. Title and the name in the chat please um anytime like let's say i show up on your door right. Around dinner time right.

And i'm dressed nice i'm dressed respectable i'm exuding um uh sincerity confidence things of that nature and i say sorry charm or ma'am sorry for bothering you right. Before dinner uh i'm from the franklin mint and we discovered in a vault down the you know several months ago a stash of these solid gold coins and we've decided to to give them away at below market cost now here's all the the reports here's the websites you can go to here the experts that you can call to verify the validity of these coins we're selling their their the the average worth of these coins is about fifteen hundred dollars we're selling them for about uh a hundred dollars each i'm curious how many you'd like to purchase at a reduced discount now what's your new jerk response when you hear that just type it in the chat let me take a look. Real quick. So test not showing me the answers no.

Way i'll take five research the research perfect what how many of you noticed that buy right. Exactly how many of you noticed that the. First thing you want to buy rich evan says right. Got it how many of you noticed that your initial before you thought about it right.

The moment whatever whatever i said was automatically right. That's called psychological reactants right. Psychological reactants can manifest any time we perceive that somebody is trying to do something to us even if that somebody is ourself now here's what i mean how many of you have ever made a new year's resolution i'll just you can type it in the chat i'll just yeah okay. How many of you noticed that your new year's resolution might have started with something like you know what i am going to drop 50 pounds this year i am going to look.

So good naked nobody nobody's ever going to be able to take their eyes. Off me right. I want to go to the gym i want to work out i want to be sexy right. Three months.

Later you're like oh i got to go to the gym again right. I need to do this i have to do this i should do this you ever found yourself using those kinds of words need to have to should must in nlp those types of words are called modal operators. So the nlp says you have two kinds of modal operators you have modal operators of possibility modal operators of necessity right. Functionally here's what that means for us anytime you use any whether somebody else does it or you do it anytime somebody uses a modal operator of necessity it changes your how you think about it it makes the locus of control outside of you it turns even if we generated it many times people screw themselves up to say you know what i'm gonna i want to lose weight i need to go to the gym and the moment they start using the need to have two shoulds you start thinking of it as something that was forced on you it's a pain type motivation it's a negative motivator and.

So what happens is the locus of control is now outside of us and. So we push back we get reactant to ourselves modal operators of possibility i want to i will i can i'm going to these are internal motivator words any time that we want to do something anything that's pleasure oriented people move away from pleasure and towards pain anytime we talk to ourselves in these modal operators of possibility i can i will i have i'm going to we experience a towards we develop pleasure right. Now how does this relate to that emotional motivation checklist that we just talked about the moment you start tapping into your emotional reasons for doing anything you generate an internal modal operator towards something it generates a pleasure response in you that that actually uh connects all the different reasons for doing it right. So you start with you know i want to i want to stop learn how to destroy you know overcome procrastination if i overcome procrastination i'll take more action.

So i'm making more money. So i can have a better life for my family. So i can feel good about myself right. You guys remember we did that these are all positive pleasure associated motivators it's internally motivated most of you noticed that when you did when you said those things out loud you had this tremendous positive feeling right.

This is going to inspire you to move forward in your life it's going to get you into the game it's going to cause you to take action when you utilize this with clients in a sales or client or therapist context they will become extremely motivated to do the things you've linked it to okay. So there's two birds with one stone hey this is how you get yourself in the game and find out your real reasons for doing the things for wanting to do the things you want to do and i need to talk to you about this because from the time we're babies we are taught what we should want we are taught why we should want it people have imposed their belief systems on us at a time when we had no. Defenses we didn't know anything different how many of you have ever dated the right. Guy or the right.

Girl who was the wrong girl right. They had everything that society said you're supposed to want and they were a complete mismatch to the things that made you happy welcome to the power of social programming okay. When you tap into a person's emotional motivation checklist you cut right. Through all the you cut through all the reasons why you know that society said you should want something to what really makes that person tick that's a tremendous amount of power to have with another human being.

So use it with respect. But it's an amazing game changer to have it over yourself because if you need and want to motivate yourself doing this drill will cause you to take action it will drill down into the reasons for for actually doing the steps you need to take and anytime you lose your motivation it's because you consciously started focusing on the task to be accomplished rather than what it's going to get you that's how we lose motivation that's where our language kind of messes us up this is a little crash course and how we talk to ourselves a little differently anytime we go from when i want to or i will to a need to or i have to we've actually taken us. So anytime you want to get your motivation back focus on what you're getting not what you have to do to get it and your motivation will come back does that make sense type it in the chat if that makes sense okay. Now before we get into the rest of the magic frame would you like to know how to cause your nervous system to actually generate reasons for why you deserve to have it would that be useful okay.

You ready for this you'll learn more about this in the hidden laws of attraction course when you grab your package. But this is step one. So let's go back to uh the thing you wanted most from this webinar right. I want you to ask yourself a question all right.

I want you to state it to yourself this way um well actually let me type in the chat some of the things you want to focus on in the. Second half of this webinar i'll use it as an example really quick just type one or two things. So i have something to work with that's relevant to you don't be shy you want to learn this right. Self positivity okay.

Perfect we'll go it's a little it's a little obscure uh liam self stop wasting time all right. Perfect let's do that one i'll do i'll do three just. So you can see and what i want you to do is i'm going to actually have you do this drill after i've taught you how to do it i'm going to have you do this draw i want you to notice the different feelings in your body. So if i were doing these as affirmations right.

We all everybody here knows what an affirmation is right. Yes. Or yes. Perfect okay.

So if i were using this as an affirmation i might say something every day and every way i'm becoming more and more positive every day in every way i'm becoming more and more positive every day and every way i'm becoming more positive i was doing this for procrastination i might say something like every day in every way i am taking action more and more i'm resolving self procrastination right. So you've all done this right. Where we've just written these things ad nauseam over and over and over again right. Yes.

He is if you haven't that's okay. Because you're going to show you how to save a lot of time now if you change it around and you use one of the language patterns that we teach you in the cpi course remember i told you there were seven language patterns um in the the universal persuasion protocol one of which was cause and effect or how to make anything you want cause anything you want one of the most one of the reasons that is. So powerful is because cause and effect is the structure of your beliefs all of your beliefs are built from a cause and effect structure now you don't need to know that uh to do what i'm about to do. But it helps you to understand why it's working and why the top of what you're going to feel in a moment is.

So powerful if how many of you notice if you do the straight the old affirmations the old way every day and every way i'm getting better and better and better it takes you a long time to start to feel any change and. Then you notice that if you have type it in the chat if you haven't it's okay. Too how many of you by the way wait until you're in a shitty mood to start doing affirmations and you do the affirmations to get yourself out of the shitty mood anybody do that you no. Denial deny them not anymore right.

Allegra's been to the class hell yes. Right. Well here's the thing if you're doing affirmations to get out of a shitty mood what's the course state that you're in you're already negative right. Uh there's a book.

You might want to pick up it's called the power of bad it's by written by uh william roy baumeister i suggest you grip. So here's what i want you to do we're going to use this cause and effect process to actually stimulate your neurology in a very different way and i want you to notice how rapidly or slowly your state begins to change i want you to state it this way you know let me write this down let me let me take this out. So you can see it okay. I do fill in the blank we pause fill in the blank.

So let's say all right. Or you can do what we call an identity statement i am blank. So these are the two structures i want you to adopt okay. So fit either one.

So let's say in in terms of some of the things that people were talking about um self-criticism i think self-criticism was one of them i can't even spell that today uh self positive uh self sabotage we'll do that one some people are asking about money okay. We take these two structures and we use it as a template. So let's let's start with the money one because a lot of people are asking about money i am now becoming more wealthy because and. Then fill in the blank whatever pops up.

First in your mind right. So let's say i want to be more successful i might say i am becoming more and more successful because pay attention to what pops up. First and here's the important piece remember your subconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly okay.

And it will always feel like you're making it up these are the. First three laws of the six laws of mental dynamics if you want to learn how to communicate with your unconscious mind you have to understand this going in subconscious mind will always answer you. First not always verbally it will always answer honestly and will always feel like you're making it up you'll always have an urge to edit what just came up it's never loud and it's never linear cover those. Last two.

Later. But when you're doing this kind of self-work and when you're working with clients these four concepts that i'm sharing with you right. Here have resulted in more efficient transformational work on myself and working with clients than any amount of hypnotic pre-talk has done the subconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up how does that work here what we're doing actually let's just have the experience.

So i want you to take uh whatever it is you want more of uh like some people that some of our our youtubers have got someone nor says i am becoming more and more successful because of my great investments i am uh perfection um let me see if anybody else has typed any in the chat i want to see if people have done this okay. You don't have to see anything rashab i gotta ask who is david and merlin that's the wrong question i am a positive person because uh other other people around me respond better like that yes. I'm a positive person because other people around me respond better i'm a positive person because i know how to talk to people in ways that make them want to like me more i'm a positive person because when i look. In the mirror i realize that my unconscious mind loves me is always doing the best it can to help me have a bet have the life i want the way that i want it i am a positive person because i do what's necessary to clean up the crap from my life what happens when you use one of these i am or i do statements right.

I generate more money in my life because i take the appropriate actions necessary to to earn more wealth i earn more i make more money because i look. For opportunities and i act on them instantly i make more money because i know what to invest and what to say i make more money because i no. Longer i i realize that rich people can be good people too the answers that come up on the back end we call this a stem by the way the back end the answers that come up on the back end are these subconsciously generated reasons for doing and having the thing you are trying to affirm let me explain that to you a little bit more powerful all belief systems all belief systems are built from this cause and effect structure if i were to ask you um why does the sun come up tomorrow and you would give me an answer or i would say ask give me tell me something you believe right. You might say this i believe the sun is going to come up tomorrow well that's half of your belief you've told me what you believe.

But you haven't told me why you've given me the the effect. But not the cause right. But if i were to ask you because you would say well because it's come up ever because i've seen it come up every day for all of my life. So i know it's going to come up tomorrow right.

So now i've got the cause and the effect here's the magic when you create a statement a cause or an effect and you ask your unconscious mind to give you a cause a reason why you've got it your neurology will instantly generate it understand if i write down if i want to let's say i want i want to eliminate self-sabotage right. I might say i am free of self-sabotage because the. First thing that pops up is because i found the things that made me want to hold myself back in the. First place.

Next time i say it i might say i eliminate self-sabotage i am free of self-sabotage because i've cleaned up my crap and i now move towards the things that i want instead of the things i don't want right. Whatever comes up at the back end of that stem is your real motivator doesn't have to be it doesn't have to make sense take one of your affirmations and actually do that now if you want to make money i make money because or i am making more money because and notice what hap what what comes up from your subconscious mind whatever comes up. First. Then take that one affirmation and speak it out loud five times minimum speak it out loud five times minimum and notice what happens to the feelings in your body take and when you're done type done in the chat.

So i know you're done sorry what was the command it's not a command it's a question that your neurology answers and there's a very powerful principle at work here which i don't want to overwhelm you with. But whatever it is done okay. Mark says done this sounds great never done affirmation this way it's we call it a yin formation because what the neurology creates this is a big deal what the neurology creates the neurology accepts when you what what it now okay. Great a lot of you are doing this perfect when you said it five or six times from what the feelings you had in your body before to the.

Last time you said it what changed if anything type in the chat would change feeling energetic became possible right. Light feeling the feeling of more concrete clarity the change to a feeling of really it changed to a real feeling embodied right. Perfect you guys are doing great now what did you learn this is where again you thought you were just going to listen to me regurgitate stuff at you right. No.

This is a class you're going to learn how to do this i want to know what you learned from this one exercise open mind okay. What did you learn what's the takeaway can't resist yourself that's right. You want here's the thing it's not that you can't resist yourself it's that you won't the answer is within us i'm worth it change comes from inside yes. Yes.

Remember it's not that the old affirmations don't work they just don't work as well and they take a lot more effort right. External affirmations are a lot like asha says that's just the way i am as total yes. Perfect that's an empowering statement right. Um because again learn about the subconscious excuse right.

Okay. Now how many of you noticed a really powerful empowering positive feeling in your body point to where you feel it there were a picture floating in the space around you that you could reach out and touch reach out and touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is once you've got that grab it with both of your hands make it as big as the room notice what happens to the feeling in your body once you got that shrink it back down to its original size don't let go of it now slowly keep the size of the picture exactly the same pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling. So they get stronger they get weaker you don't have to answer in the chat round just experience it right.

Now now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice how good that feels does it get stronger does it get weaker right. Whatever it is now here's the important thing you can have this feeling back in any way you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill i'd like you to unwrap the feeling lift it back up over your head right. I'm going to squat down a little bit.

So my hands are still on the frame. So you can see now most of you know what a frisbee is right. I want you to now make this picture like the shape of a frisbee i want you to take that frisbee and i want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears completely behind the horizon once it's gone scan your body notice what happened won't stay here long. But i want you to just become aware of it now when you're ready lift your hands up over your head imagine your hands are now the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right.

Back into your hands and here's what i'd like you to do right. Now i'm going to tell you a very important statement it's true and it will always be true for you inside your mind body and soul you are the god or goddess of your universe you are the king or queen of your reality and you have absolutely every right. Privilege and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and i want you to grab hold of your power right. Now i want you to play with it i want you to take this picture that you're holding and i want you to play with it i want you to make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it into your body move it outside of your body notice how every time you change something about that picture the feelings and the quality of those feelings in your body change too and i want you to keep playing with it keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the feeling you want and exactly that we the way you want to have it when you find that sweet spot i want you to fix it into place allow the energy of that image to flow from the picture to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual whatever factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply take all the time you need to let that process lock in notice the process taking place until it becomes.

So strong. So powerful no. Force in the universe you can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true you're certain of it test it try to turn it off try to make it go away try to imagine somebody else taking it away and notice what happens instead once you're done once you're satisfied type into the chat what you experienced they bounce off is that a good thing claudia it's embedded still buzzing very cool if i'd done it it's. So powerful and integrated in me perfect excellent this is just the tip of a very large iceberg timothy says he's at peace sergio says i'm touching it they can't reach it is this a useful skill to have to be able to build into yourself a belief or a self-concept or a suggestion that's.

So powerful nobody can take it away from you not even you is that useful deep sense of knowing and being very good very good now here's the best part and i know most people aren't thinking about it this way. But how much about why this works did you need to know to do it none right. I could spend hours telling you why it works pointing you at the neuroscience or the the the medical studies or where you don't you don't need it it's interesting information. But it's not useful right.

If you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. So the. First thing is everything starts with a body feeling the question is and there's two kinds of body feelings that you're going to get it's either a body feeling you want more of or a body feeling you want lessons all human behavior is in response is in search of a feeling or response of a feeling right. So the.

First thing you have to decide is do i want to get rid of feelings or do i want to add do i get or do i want to get more feelings right. So again we're focusing more on the on the positive side of things right. Now because we need more of it we need a way to access our positive motivators our positive drives to reprogram and reorient ourselves towards the things that get us up in the morning that don't make our life suck does that make sense because there's a lot of things out there that people are pressing your pain buttons all the time they're always trying to make you feel less than like you need to keep up with the joneses like you're not good enough you'll never be accepted right. And those messages have power they i'm not going to lie to you they are extraordinarily powerful and your nervous system has a bias towards accepting well here's how to think about it all right.

If units of information positive or negative are the same. But the charges are different a unit of positive information has a charge of one. So it's a one to one. But a unit of negative information has a unit of four or has a charge of four.

So if i have one unit of negative and one unit of positive i've got four charges here and one charge here. So there's always going to be this negativity bias. So we need a way to balance the scales we need a way to not just dissolve the negativity we need a way to stack the positives right. And and once we have that self-awareness we can deserve more control over our lives.

So the thing i want to do what you just did by the way was called the frame game and if you did nothing. But the frame game point to where you feel it reach out and touch it make it bigger make it smaller move it in move it out move it up around you throw it back bring it back if you did that for five minutes every day with pleasurable states things you love your neurology your ability to control your mind and body would rapidly change it would create what we use it generates in the body what we call self-directed neuroplasticity the ability to rewrite the programs and and the structure of your thoughts because your thoughts are not just words in your head they're composed of different channels of information that this particular technique taps into what is the reason to throwback great question and i'm happy to answer that. But it's going to take us in a very different direction than the content i was going to teach you um do i have any deals still for the. Next person in class you might want to reach out uh type the in the chat reach out to stephanie at uh hold on a.

Second eight five eight two eight two four six six three email stephanie at nlpower.com uh hold on a. Second uh since since we're since we're about to transition into another place um let's go ahead and just review what we've got in terms of the offer some people are asking. So once again for those of you who are interested in grabbing one of these offers before we log off it's the secrets of personality transformation ultra mind manifestation or multi-mind control mastery training it's 14 videos that teach you the entire seven stage identity by design system plus the manual it's a 2497 value you're also going to get access to a special online community our mastermind mentoring program we've talked about uh you're going to get the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1 497. you're also going to get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery training valued at 1 497 as well you're going to get the free stealth cpi level 1 universal persuasion protocol valued at 1 950 you're also going to get that renegade reframing objection obliteration and speed conversational belief change uh home study course with the game and the manual that goes with it one thousand nine hundred fifty dollar value you'll get that three month trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring group and the archive it's a five hundred and fine uh ninety four dollar value and. Finally you'll get um the free vip ticket to any single live event in our 2021 2022 calendar divided at 1 950. total package value just again to remind you for some of you got in late total value if you were to try to buy this on the website is twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars you can get it all today for just one low investment of 9.97 or you can break that up stephanie's happy to help into three easy installments of just 3.97 all you got to do to get yours is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind www.nlpower.com forward slash mind and uh there's the link right.

Next to you there and uh stephanie and brandon and seth will be happy to answer any questions that you have uh and if you and again if you're calling 858 282-4663 and the line is busy remember uh when the voicemail goes off leave your contact information because if we don't have it we can't follow up and you will not get the bonuses okay. So i just want to get a quick reminder of that let's go back to hold on a. Second um let's go back to training okay. So um quick show of hands in the chat how many of you want to know why this works or the theory behind it or how many you just want to go and fix some type fix if you want to fix type learn why if you want to learn why both okay.

I'm seeing a lot more fixes and a lot more wise. But that's okay. We'll start by fixing and. Then we'll explain as we need to okay.

So the. First thing we started off with is what we call the frame gate right. So in our sys and again in your package um in both the uh secrets of personality transformation course as well as the identity by design home study course you will learn the theory behind everything i'm showing you it's all in there right. I'm just i'm just taking pieces of it and highlighting what they can do on their own when you put them all together you get a massive massive result that's greater than the sum of the parts.

But one of the things that you're going to learn in those courses is something we call the somatic search engine okay. Simatic search engine says that if i ask the body a question your neurology must come up with an answer to it and it doesn't really matter how stupid the question is. So what you're going to discover functionally is that the quality of the life you lead will be enhanced or not by the quality of the questions that you ask. So you've all met people who go around and you've probably been guilty of this i have i know some shitty thing happens to you and the.

First thing out of your mouth is why does this always happen to me right. And this little this little part of you downstairs is going oh they want a list here and all of a sudden your brain starts generating a list of why all this happens to you right. Shitty question get your shitty answers. But if you were to ask yourself a different question how can i make sure this never happens again how can i do something better.

Next time different question the neurology is just as compelled to answer that question it's the same mechanism you're tapping into when you ask why am i becoming more and more successful every day and your unconscious mind generates a series of responses that it will accept because your neurology never resists itself what your unconscious mind generates your unconscious mind will build upon this is an important concept human beings can if prompted to. But will almost never willingly resist itself. So when you start doing yourself work change the questions that you ask right. Someone says i like butter i like butter because i'm a person who really appreciates eating butter because boom the way you ask the question the structure of the question will promote an answer that moves your neurology in the direction you want to move it to ask a better question get a better response.

But remember something this goes back to something we talked about earlier body centered energy psychotherapy everything human beings do me include it because it puts the smooth and there you go right. Right. Rachel says i tend to always ask why a negative yes. Now start asking why i'm positive and start utilizing the mechanism you've been using for years to make yourself feel shitty to generate options and opinions right.

Somatic search engine concept if i ask the question and i said and i structure it right. I'll get a better answer you all know this you've all gone to google how many of you noticed that the info the quality of the information you get from google is based on the way you've asked the question in the. First place well remember we still human being started with that right. The structure of the question gives you the quality of the response and because you generate it your body accepts it now human beings are always feeling oriented regardless of what nlp might try to convince you right.

For those of you with a background in nlp they're going to tell you that some people are visuals and some people are auditories and some people are kinesthetics and some people smaller percentage are olfactory or gustory functionally speaking that's horseshit yes. You can see things yes. You make pictures in your head yes. You talk to yourself.

But at the end of the day those things only are only relevant because of the way they make you feel at the end of the day it's either the feeling you want more of or a feeling you want less of and that feeling that you generate positive or negative will always have a location most of the time it's in the body in cases of extreme dissociation it's outside of the body i've dealt with both if you can point to it you can change it because memories are not remembered they're not even recalled believe it or not they're actually reconstructed and the node where all the information disseminated throughout the body comes together to generate an interceptive feeling is the somatic address the place you point to and the moment you point to it you access all the connections neurologically where that information is located in your body now do you need to know that to fix it no. No. You don't point to where you feel it reach out into your proprioceptive nervous system which is a grid of spatial awareness outside of your body kind of like a filing cabinet if there were a picture connected to it point to it reach out and touch it the moment you do that you create massive amounts of other additional neurological connections to the issue you want to deal with okay. That's why it works now i can tell you you're doing i could tell you all the different parts of the brain you're lighting up the hemispheres the cortexes i could tell you all that it doesn't make you able to do the technique any better it just satisfies that need for cognitive gluttony that your conscious mind has don't need it lucy says what if i can't point to where the feeling is.

Then by definition you either don't have a feeling or you don't have a problem right. People always ask that if by definition you don't have a feeling you don't have a problem well that that's the that's the trick of the conscious mind you see the conscious mind and because of our school system we've been brainwashed into believing that we have to understand consciously absolutely every nuance and and theory and data about something before we can do it that is patently false in fact more often than not too much information slows you down you can't lucy it's impossible for you to point the wrong place this one remember do you remember earlier i was saying six dynamics of an unconscious response unconscious mind always answers by the way if you haven't written this down you need to write it down in fact let me do this for you really quick here it is take a screenshot of it this is the this is one of the most important pieces you're going to learn today dialoguing with your subconscious mind okay. The problem we have when we're trying to do self work is that we try to apply the response the way that the conscious mind responds to the way our unconscious mind responds and they're different to quote my friend chase hughes he's and i think he said probably better than anybody your your nervous system does not speak english it does not speak french it does not speak latin it does not speak any formal language it communicates in feelings sometimes visuals um and. So forth and it will always answer you.

First. So remember when you're starting to do self work your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbal it always answers honestly it will almost always feel like you're making it up you'll almost always have an urge to edit what just came up it will never be loud remember we pointed when we had you uh access that really good feeling and. Then in the background there was this little icky kind of whispery whimsical off in the distance type feeling that was the deeper that was the deeper unconscious uh responding to that stimulation right.

And it's almost never linear many times when i talk to people in therapy and i'm doing regression i'll say take your uncover your unconscious mind go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of x y z problem and many times people come in and for a problem that happened in their 30s all of a sudden they're five years old watching their mom and dad argue or they're alone in a room somewhere or something completely on the surface unrelated to the problem they came in with shows up that's the dynamic the unconscious mind does not work in the linear fashion like the conscious mind does. So when you start working with yourself or clients you have to understand these six dynamics never answers. First i'm sorry always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up here okay. So if you're worried about making a mistake remember something if your whatever comes up. First is always the right. Answer even if you doubt it even if you doubt it if it comes up.

First that's the right. Answer it may not make any logical sense it doesn't have to your unconscious mind does not organize your experiences the way your conscious mind does pardon me your unconscious mind organizes experience by what they have in common not by the linear time or linear chronology and sometimes the things that events have in common are really really minute. But it was enough for your unconscious mind to connect it is this useful does this help if it is typing in the chat i don't want to give you too much theory because i want you to fix that okay. Very good i'm going to show you um very good all right.

So i want you to um i'm going to give you two more techniques now two more techniques that we can use to start fixing our stuff okay. First one is going to be what we call bucket listing one of the things that has to happen when we start to work on ourselves is our neurology because the the difference in charges of bad stuff to good stuff is. So biased in other words for every negative thing that happens that has a charge of four for every good thing that happens it has a charge of one we always want to fix the worst stuff. First because it's causing us the most pain.

But when you're doing self work when you're working by yourself that is the worst way to do it right. So think of it like how many of you got here have ever played like dungeons and dragons or um like an online role-playing game where you have levels okay. So you know that if you're a level one fighter or a level one wizard and you're going up against a level 20 monster by yourself what are your chances of beating that level 20 monster type it in the chat zero not very like not unless you're really lucky right. Exactly remember at the beginning of our webinar today the beginning of our class today i told you i mentioned that your unconscious mind doesn't sort for good or bad it sorts for what is familiar that's because when you come into this world you're nothing.

But a blank hard drive you have no. Concept of good and evil you have no. Concept of self or other you don't know anything about the world there's only two things you really understand something either feels good or it feels bad something is either familiar or it isn't that's the foundations of everything your unconscious mind builds on over time after as time goes on as we acquire more information we start associating things with certain concepts we can now put names to. But at the most basic foundational fundamental level your neurology will always default to what it's done before and what it's done the most often.

So if you have a pro um you know one of the. First things we do when we have a problem is we go rushing off to amazon or the internet or youtube to find a solution for this level 20 mechagodzilla that's over here right. The thing that's been bugging us for years that on a scale of zero to ten it has a magnitude of 27 right. And we find this technique that we have level zero experience in half the time when i see people doing this what i literally see is godzilla on one side and the other person holding a reading from a book.

And trying to cast a spell on the other right. Not gonna work not going to work why too much history too much magnitude in order for you to be able to effectively deal with a level 20 godzilla functionally there's exceptions to every rule i don't care about exceptions i want all of you to be able to do this. So understand that for everything i teach you there's an exception somewhere i don't care this is what's going to work for the vast majority of you there are a few blessed individuals out there who can take a level one problem a level one spell and destroy a level 20 monster. But that's not the majority of us not without training what i'm going to give you now is a way to train a way to start changing your life getting rid of your demons starting with a level one spell against a level one monster a level two spell with a level two monster a level three spell with a level four monster level three monster and the way you do it is just like in those role-playing games where every time you kill a monster every time you finish a quest you get experience points right.

When you reach a certain number of experience points your level goes up and your power levels increase right. You guys know this is pretty straightforward right. Basic same thing happens here when we do this this process called bucket listing the. First thing you're going to do is what we call there's two ways you can do it you do the brain dump method or you can do the thematic method.

So let's let's start with the thematic method and what i mean by thematic is you start with a theme let's talk maybe it's everything you're afraid of let's take fear as a theme that we're going to work with. So let me let me pull up my screen. So you can see this [Music] pardon me while i sort through [Music] bucket listing here we go okay. So organizing traumatic events and limiting beliefs this is called the thematic method can you guys see this okay.

Or do i need to make it bigger okay. So the way you work let's say we're gonna uh when we work thematically let's say we pick fear or sadness or self-sabotage whatever it is and what you're gonna do is you're gonna do a brain dump you're gonna write down everything that you're afraid of you're going to assign a number value to it. So if it's like uh one of the most heinous things the most problematic things in your life you're going to assign a number value of 10 right. If it's something that's like almost it's almost like a fart in the breeze or it just has absolutely no.

It's just there. But it's not real strong you might design a one or a two to it right. You do a brain dump of all the things you're afraid of you organize them you give each one a number value and. Then you organize them in a list from the lowest to the highest and.

Then taking the technique that you're working with in this case we're working with the magic frame technique right. So in this case we start with the level one problems and we go to the level two problems and. Then level three now here's how you you you flesh this out remember you need to get experience points for killing monsters right. So here's how this works one.

Second. So once you have an idea of what constitutes a level one problem. Then you write down three to five things that are level one. Then you write down three to five things that are level two three to five things that are level three and you do that all the way to level 10.

So for each of the levels you write down three to five examples of those spheres right. Then you take your technique whatever it is in this case it'll be magic frame and you take this technique and you you zap all level one problems when you're satisfied there you zap all your level two problems when you're done with that you go to your level threes and you just keep going you keep going until you're at the level you you start hitting your level tense okay. Now what you'll notice when you start doing this what you'll notice is by around level three to level four to five usually sooner the process starts to automate and what's beautiful about this is that it allows you to build up experience points for your monsters. So that by the time you hit level nines and tens you're dealing with the most heinous traumatic things in your life.

But the perceived level of difficulty never goes beyond one you become a level 10 wizard zapping level 10 problems does that make sense does that make sense now the other way that you can do it is very similar the other way you can do it is very similar it's called the brain dump and basically you just take everything that bothers you everything that bothers you just brain dump it on a legal pad assign a a charge value to it organize them from least traumatic to most traumatic and hit it with the technique you want to play with okay. Now why and the reason that this is powerful is because a in order for you to organize your being a technical term special hypnotic influence techniques right. In order for you to organize your stuff even the level tens remember i said most people can't deal with the level 10s because they're on the same level as their problem in order for you to measure something you must go meta to it you must take a perspective that allows you to measure it it causes you to disidentify and dissociate from the event from an empowered position once you've done that now it's like a block that you can move around you can organize your stuff the nice thing is this gives you a process the moment you can organize your stuff you've now engaged in what richard bandler likes to call superior thinking the ability to observe analyze assess a thought the structure of a thought and deliberately intentionally change it okay. Okay.

So this is we call this bucket listing and if you're going to do solo work and if you get secrets of personality transformation this is one of the most important things that i can't emphasize this enough now if you're guiding other people like if you're doing identity by design with a client they don't need to do this because you're there to guide them if you're guiding somebody through this process you don't need to bucket list because you're there as the operator okay. But most of the people who come to my classes whether they want to help other people or not they're secretly there to fix their own and because and. Then they've reached in many cases they've reached an impasse because they can't access the level they need to get to to fix the things they need to fix or they don't have a process okay. This is how you train yourself to be your own therapist because your nervous system wants to attack godzilla.

First and it wants to do one of two things most of the time if it doesn't want to run away hey it wants to do things that's done in the past that didn't work or you have a brand new technique you have no. Experience with and you're trying to fight it's like bambi versus godzilla it's not going to work for the most part. But if you talk if you if you tackle if you have a level one fix and you attack a level one problem it's and especially if you've taken the time to actually walk through it a couple of times and you know what it's supposed to be like and you know how to play pretend you can zap it and by the time you hit three to five uh of the level ones level twos aren't that daunting in fact you'll start to salivate because you want to go after the bigger and you know what it'll work it'll work just as well as the level nines and tens as it will at the level ones because the perceived level of difficulty is still one. But if you try to go from level three to level 10 that might be a little bit too much emotional arousal it might be too much emotional arousal for all of your systems to work synergistically remember everything about the technologies we teach is about synergy it's about the conscious mind and the unconscious mind and the body and the imagination and the intention working together towards a specific outcome not without polymorph that's an advanced class liam okay.

I mean i use these metaphors because they're pretty they're fairly common now um. But again again level one problem or level 20 problems require level 20 solutions well the only way you can get a level 20 solution is by having somebody else who's at level 20 guide you through that process or start it with a level one technique and make it a level 20 technique the only the fastest way to do that fix lower just fix fix smaller stuff right. And by the time you get there your neurology will evolve and change. So if you like this you want to learn more uh they're showing the links for the uh the the package we're offering we get this and a whole lot more right.

Uh www.nlp davidsnider nlp.com forward slash mind. So that's bucket listing is that useful does this help type yes. If you got that cool all right. Now obviously because of the time constraints and things like that we don't have time to do a bucket list together.

But i if you were in my class or when you go through the the trainings in the package you're going to have you're going to have all the time in the world to do these bucket lists if you're someone who coaches and people want are coming to you to learn how to fix their own stuff it's my goal as much as i want to see you every day and see you in all the trainings my goal is to give you the tools that you don't need to come to me unless you find something you can't fix. But my goal is to give you the tools you have you can you need to fix everything right. Okay. So procrasti people are asking a lot about procrastination procrastination by the way is almost always fear it's always almost always fear-based and the fear comes from from several different areas you know one is a lot of times when peop procrastination if i can see for example if i can see like if there are ten steps to achieve something for example and seven steps in i don't know what comes after step seven a lot of times people won't even start like because they can't see the full end of the road they won't start at all right.

Some people are afraid because um they're afraid if they get it they'll become someone they don't like right. Like a lot of you want to make money. But a lot of you have really negative views about rich people right. Well again if you have an identity that says rich people are bad and you're trying to be rich or rich people are dishonest or rich people don't deserve the money they have you're actually working against your own self-identity you have to change those beliefs and you can using this technique okay.

Okay. Um. So let's get rid of some stuff usually when people are procrastinating it's another one of those uh safety lesson issues involved. So again i want you to think of something on a scale of zero to ten has about an intensity level of uh two or three all right.

Let's start small okay. First question you're going to ask yourself when you begin any self-help process especially this one is it okay. To change it is it okay. To get rid of it is there any reason why i might want to keep it pay attention to what the unconscious mind says if you're doing this with a client and you see any hesitation when they go if you say is there any reason is it okay.

To change this is there any reason why you might want to keep it and they go no. They're lying that that momentary hesitation tells you that there's an unconscious usually a safety lesson involved and if you don't neutralize or preserve that safety lesson move it to a different filing cabinet the change will not stick most of the time or the change will go away and it'll come back right. If it's not fear what is it it's it's actually fear of not feeling good you'd rather be doing something else you don't like being told what to do right. A lot of reasons why.

But your unconscious mind actually knows and that's the important thing to remember you know when i talk to clients this is the. Last like sidebar i'll give you before we do the technique i tell my clients many times there's only two agencies in the universe that know where this problem started where we need to go to fix it as god and your unconscious mind now i don't know what the weather's like where you are. But here in southern california we have really nice weather most of the time a lot of golf courses god plays a lot of golf doesn't always take my calls. But your unconscious mind he or she is always home and if we ask the right.

Way they know exactly where to take us. So we can fix what needs to be fixed. So i can sit like with regards to procrastination i can give you all the reasons in the world why i've seen procrastination manifest in people. But there's only one agency that knows for sure that's your unconscious mind and it also knows why.

So we're going to ask it. So for those of you who want to do procrastination fine if you've got if you want to do self-sabotage fine if you want to do poverty consciousness fine i don't care what it is because all of your stuff is built the same way and you'll learn about that in again it's in the courses i don't you don't need to know it here if you want to build an extrapolate on it do you create your own techniques. Then you do. But for getting this getting this stuff moving and getting your life handled you don't okay.

So. First thing we're going to do think of that thing you want to change now remember i know a lot of you are going to disregard what i said about go and you're going to go after godzilla right. I'm asking you to pick on a level one to three problem you're going to pick a level 20. that's okay. Sometimes we need to do other stuff that i can't do with you on the webinar because you picked level 20. right.

But let's start with something manageable okay. Doing the dishes that whatever it is i don't care doesn't have you know again it doesn't you don't have to tell me that's the beautiful thing about it for those of you who work with clients that's the beautiful thing about this technique is you don't need to know a single thing about what they're processing which is great because a lot of things that people come to therapists for have a great deal of embarrassment and shame attached to it and the person can completely tap into the full the full scope of the problem and deal with it and the therapist never has to know what it is. So they both both the client and the therapist have complete freedom to do this. So close your eyes.

If you're driving don't do this right. If you're gonna do this pull off somewhere where it's safe turn off your car lock the door. So nobody thinks you're trying to doing something weird because you're going to think you're doing something weird. Anyway if you're doing this in your car close your eyes.

Think of that thing you want to change point to where you feel it on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feelings now if there was a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it physically reach out and touch it once you've got that i'm going to do a profile here once you've got that take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and. Then just like we did before i want you to grab the edges of it slowly make the picture bigger expand it like you would expand the window on your iphone or your touchscreen at home notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker now whether it gets stronger or whether it gets weaker doesn't matter once you know which one what it does bring it back to its original size now keep the size of the picture exactly the same slowly pull it closer to your body and notice does the feeling get stronger or does it get weaker whatever you get is perfectly okay. Now put it back to its original location now here's the thing i want you to understand if making the picture bigger made it more intense.

Then you know how to make it less intense by making the picture smaller if making the picture bigger made it less intense you know how to make it stronger by making the picture smaller. So we call those concentrators versus expanders whichever one you are is perfectly okay. It's just important to know which is which now what i want you to do is i want you to use your imagination and i want you to put a big massive thick black picture frame around that picture the bigger and blacker the better now most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But i want you to feel take your hand and feel along that frame you're going to notice some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television i want you to find the knob that controls the brightness or the contrast turn that knob all the way to the right.

Until the image whites out completely and notice how that makes you feel when you're satisfied turn the image all turn the knob all the way to the left until the the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel if the images are 3d you can still turn off the brightness and the color it still works right. Decide which one you like better do you like it white it out completely or do you like it blacked out completely whichever one you prefer turn the knob that direction until it's completely whited out or completely blacked out once you've done that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters there were some lessons that this experience had to teach you positive or negative i want you with your finger to write in glowing golden letters across that whited out or blacked out screen every lesson this experience had to teach you positive or negative. So you can keep all the lessons and let everything else go now some people when they go to do this they know exactly what those lessons are and they have no. Problem just blasting them out on that screen some people have no.

Conscious idea what they learn. But their unconscious mind always knows. So just let that finger move like automatic writing some people just draw squiggles some people just drop pictures some people every now and. Then get a little angry and go and write you you you across the screen some people write with both fingers simultaneously writing chinese or hebrew at the same time.

However your neurology does it whatever works best for you just write those letters on the screen write those those lessons on the screen. So you can keep the lessons and let everything else go now the screen will scroll like a tablet. So you have an unlimited infinite writing space now as you continue to write you may notice feelings and emotions come up that's okay. As those feelings and emotions come up write them on the screen too and just keep writing as they come up they come out as you feel it you reveal it as you reveal it you heal it solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right.

Reasons now take all the time you need to do this you're all doing this with me in your own time right. But because i'm not in the room with you personally observing you you have to monitor when you're done when you know that you're done i want you to reach out take your hands physically shrink that frame and the picture inside of it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins the process of moving that shrunken down file up over the top of your head and backwards beyond the horizon until it disappears completely and you know the sound a hammer makes when you're banging on a nail when you know it's nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring the old feeling back and notice what happens instead take all the time you need when you know it's done scan your body notice how different you feel type in the chat what you discovered relief feel lighter more free i feel neutral towards the problem perfect manual my white screen goes black excellent is that a good thing i'm assuming lessons i wrote were whoa excellent what else free empty space is that a good thing richard empty space what need we nail you just nail the whole frame back there perfect now not able not able to budget coming back liberating yes. Perfect i think you broke my writer's block mark says beautiful. So old thoughts have no.

Power in a way i had lost the sound now it's back is that a good thing charles some of you guys are making statements i just need to know if it's a good thing yep okay. Beautiful all right. So the process you just did was called the magic frame and it's designed specifically to allow you to pull up an event or in some cases a series of events that you've got safety lessons keeping you from moving past to extract those lessons. So you can let everything else go.

So the way it works you start off by pointing to where you feel it imagining the picture out in front of you and you always go with the. First impressions okay. Trace the outline of it with both of your hands put a big thick frame around it whiten or you know feel the buttons at the base of the frame like an old style television white it out darken it out decide which one you like better take the lessons write it out that whited out screen. So you can keep all those lessons and let everything else go once you're done reach up with both of your hands physically shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp move it up over your head back beyond the horizon like we do with the frisbee and this time nail it back right.

Let yourself process when you know it's done it's locked in scan your body notice how different you feel now you're going to get one of several you should get one of several responses that let you know you're done hey you try to bring it back you can't b you try to bring the old feeling back and the new feelings whatever they are it gets stronger and the. Third one is the funniest one. But it's it's actually quite consistent you ask the client to bring it back they look. At you get pissed off and say i don't want it back right.

You're done right. Now there's lots of different ways to use this there's lots of ways to combine it to to leverage it things of that nature you can learn about those in identity by design. But this is one of the most powerful ways that you can begin to reorganize your belief systems uh dissolve or reorganize the safety lessons that you have for those of you folks we are focusing on negative or positive feeling in the frame pick it depends on what you want to do right. Uh if you were here earlier we pointed where we we worked on positive things things we wanted more of right.

But we feel it reach out and touch it make the picture bigger lift it overhead wrap it around us right. Things we want to get rid of things we want to remove keep the safety lessons and let everything else go we point to where we feel it reach out and touch it put a big black frame around it white it out write the lessons shrink it down move it behind us nail it back there boom why does this work well i'll tell you that in just a moment for those that are coming into the home stretch. So how do i manifest the money i need to pay for the courses today great question. But i have the money to pay for the courses and i have the money i need to pay for the courses i need today because write the answer.

First thing that comes up in your mind a lot of you might have this quote since you hear you you're you're kind of testing me watch if you plan it it will come right. And that was a pretty positive feeling when you said it didn't you right. Now the moment you said that to yourself i'm using christopher's right. There was a body feeling wasn't there point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that belief that certainty that you can reach out and touch reach out and touch it trace the outline of it make it bigger lift it up over your head wrap it around you like a big blanket and click the link your neurology will find a way here's the thing that why this is.

So powerful your neurology will always find a way to manifest what it creates i learned this i learned this almost by accident watching people think of the difference and this goes this and i'll use another another uh metaphor that hopefully will kind of strike home with you let's say that and again i don't wish this on anybody. So you will ignore this as a suggestion of any kind let's say we have a health problem that requires a transplant say i need a new kidney or something like that and i have two options i can get on a list and wait for somebody with a compatible blood type to donate a kidney to me right. That's the standard way that if you need a transplant that's how it works right. But what if it were possible to take cells from my healthy kidney and clone a completely new healthy kidney let me ask you a question i could transplant either one of these kidneys would either one work type yes.

Or yes. Would either one work which would encounter the least resistance your own bingo somatic search engine what your neurology creates your neurology embraces when you try to give yourself suggestions that are perceived as coming from outside of you that are based on a belief system or social or educational concepts or more areas that aren't yours that you didn't generate voluntarily you resisted when your nervous system part of the job of your nervous system in case you didn't know this in addition to keeping you safe your nervous your neurology's job is to make your external reality match your internal and. So if you create an internal environment of possibility and abundance and going forward and taking action and doing the steps your neurology must make your external world harmonize with that. So when you ask the right.

Questions i have the money to do this because i'm manifesting the money to do this because your neurology will do whatever has to do to make it true right. I've seen it hundreds and thousands of times over and over and over again you don't have to take my word for it you have to believe it just do it and watch what happens click the links the rest will take care of itself okay. For those of you wondering what you get when you click those links let me just go ahead and review that one final time for those of you who want to take that leap oops hold on a. Second oops there we go sorry somehow my powerpoint keeps getting shut off i don't know why okay.

So what you're going to get is you're getting the secrets of personality transformation ultimate mind control training home study course in the manual it's a 2 497 value we're going to give you alongside of that some extra special free bonuses the identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497. we're going to give that to you absolutely free if you liked any of the techniques that you learned in tonight's webinar all these and more at a deep level as well as a theory behind them are contained in these courses you're going to get the hidden laws of attraction manifestation and mind control mastery home study course 1 497 we're going to give it to you free you're going to get the universal persuasion protocol stealth cpi system valued at 1 950 we're going to give it to you free we're going to give you the renegade reframing overcoming objections and conversational belief change home study course 1 950 value again we're going to give it to you free why because we want you to have both sides of the equation we want you to have the inner game and the outer game we want you to have the inner mind skills to become the person to create the reality on the inside of your mind that you want to have and we want to give you the physical tools the mental skills the conversational and persuasion skills to externalize and create that external reality in harmony with the new identity that you created to help you do that we're going to give you a three-month trial to the nlp power mastermind mentoring program three months of rolling up your sleeves right. Beside your friends and other people who want to do these things in real world for real reasons no. Bs all work three-month trial membership and unlimited access to the 10-year video archive 594 dollar value we're gonna give it to you absolutely free if you like it stay if you don't you got three months of hanging out with cool people who like to do cool stuff for those of you who are a little impatient like me who want to start get it tonight start downloading start hypnotizing people tomorrow the stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course will allow you to do that in sh in record time it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you free and. Then.

Finally when you're ready to embody these skills at a whole new level absolutely free we're going to give you a vip super ticket to your any single live event of your choice some restrictions apply it's a value of 1950. So you can actually do the drills in real time with real people and get real repetitions in and own it at a deep deep level we're gonna give it to absolutely free total value is twelve thousand nine hundred and thirty two dollars if you were to try and buy these at the website today. But you can't someone you can't even buy yet yours today for just one low installment of just 9.97 and it's not about me it's about you are you worth it do you deserve to have it why do you deserve to have it why are you going to put these skills into operation how quickly if you need some help we can help you out three easy installments of just 3.97 remember that these. Last three bonuses all you got to do is go to www.davidsnydernlp.com forward slash mind and these.

Last three bonuses go away when uh my kids stop yelling in the background uh and i sign off the webinar. So once again for those of you who are kind of on the fence remember everything comes with a 60-day money-back guarantee if you're not satisfied if you're not if it's not generating the results that you want for any reason if our online help or our email support won't help you isn't helping you we'll give you a full refund you have absolutely no. Risk to this at all pardon me that's all i need you to do wrong pipe go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mind i think i need a point to right. Where i feel it spin it once again www.nlpower.com forward slash mind all right.

Pardon me while i wash the the obstruction out of my throat once again www.davidschneider.nlpower.com i'm sorry david snyder nlp.com forward slash mine uh before i sign off i will take any. Last minute questions that you may have for those of you in our youtube channels let's go ahead and give you um those links once again www.davisneternlp.com forward slash minds if you have questions you can reach out to stephanie 858 282 858-282-4663 or stephanie nlpower.com and remember that if you have some of these products already if you call stephanie and let her know she'll let you for certain as long as the price points are the same you can swap out those courses and customize this package for you. So uh i sincerely hope that you've gotten some value out of tonight um i hope that this allows you to move forward and get the life you want the way that you want once again if you have questions that i did not get to answer uh when this video goes live on youtube all you need to do is go to the comments section type in your questions and i will actually verbally uh write or physically write in your the answers to your questions point you in the direction of where to go for more um in the words of the immortal caliber net i'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say.

So long i hope you got value if you had a great time please share share the wealth use this to make your life everything you want it to be share it with other people help them to get past their godzillas do the drills get the skills good night god bless take care.
