Title: FREE LECTURE: Hidden Secrets of INSTANT Conversational Hypnosis Pt.3
File Name: GonmBHMHoI0.txt
Video Id: GonmBHMHoI0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GonmBHMHoI0

And that's the magic. So once you have them generate that rationale validate it acknowledge it agree with it right. Let them know hey. I'm behind you on that.

So let me ask a question solving everything when you get to solvers should honestly go zero to ten how much money you want to do that and they're going to give you a number. I don't care if it's ten. I've taken it to twelve okay. I don't care if it's a one the.

Next question complete it through everybody everybody asks why did you wait why didn't you read why didn't you why didn't you rated less and they go what because they're except after the fighting the other way right. And now. I'll have to change how they think also. I did weigh less because.

I really want that bit right. And all of a sudden the moment they start coming up with a defense you engage racquets towards the behavior you want and they will fight to defend it you can ask a simple question great. So what's the. Next step if any that we need to take and they'll tell you don't believe me go.

I'll use it let me tell you how pervasive. I have a video it's not a great quality. But it. I've actually used this process on people in pinyin and taken the pain away.

I've used it on tinnitus guy had a ringing in his ears. Jeff you were there for them when we hit the conversational doses master class where. I took. The guy's tinnitus away and.

I'll see if. I can find my clip. I'll put it on video you always see me because he's. Alabama.

But like two or three no. Guys have ringing in their ears that's it really scale of 0 to 10 how how bad is it was a a really now. I think. I used propane in charge of the opposite direction did you want to make it less right.

So why did you rate doesn't work. But because it's not it's not okay. So how is it now he was serious really why do you anymore well because it's less what is it now and you can see it getting from the right. And.

I literally we really got it to 0. So we'll try to bring it back because. I wanted back right. The nervous systems really.

I mean we really get into the seasoned matrix the nervous system doesn't really care what kinds of information in processes the human nervous system along with being one is powerful goal achieving mechanisms on the planet is also big is a reality interpretation mechanism ever anything we communicate at the most primal fundamental level is the equivalent of electromagnetic impulses ones and zeros everything else is interpretation and once you understand the system and the filters that guided you can make the system express any data in any way yes. Client determination to change your commitment to change. But you're saying they don't have to have determination to change because you can you can engineer that. I should.

I should. So why why should you lose weight because bottom line is is everybody on the rise in time and why they should lose weight and you know what you don't have to lose weight if you don't want to lose weight if you like your life if you like why are screw those other people it's your life it's your choice. But. I'm curious if you work the why might you through them why might you lose weight what's person comes in here question yeah.

I'm a dress to travel with this way to help who's going to help you travel more oh. I see okay. So you know what. I've been that guy.

I used to be 70 pounds ever. I know what it's like to be sandwiched between two very large equally being large yourself. So let me ask you a question. I'll scale of 0 to 10 how much what you want to drop those pounds.

So you can travel 10 awesome why did you read that list what just happened with the designer right. The moment we have to change our perspective and defend our reasoning which is what we do. Anyway everybody comes in you know the minute you try to brush on. God ladies you know there's any time a guy tries to convince you to go out to date with them they give you the slide roll of spreadsheets they tell you all the reasons why they should go out of them right.

For make it meet you when you feel happy and fun you want a bra yes. You're basically just fighting their pain no. The only caveat you have to watch out for if sometimes if the reason they give you theirs you might have to jump down to something within their rationale that you can agree with right. When you're when you're doing rapport skills one of the things you always want to do is you never want to diss silly disagree with people.

But you want if there's something they're saying you don't always agree with you want to jump down to something within the words that come out of their mouth or their rationale that you can't agree with that make sense like some people is very polish of gun control right. Maybe you're dealing with somebody who thinks. Obama should be shot because it gets done right. Right.

And maybe maybe you know two very polarized issues right. There right. Obama and gun carry on story right. Well maybe you have an argument about gun control and maybe you agreed maybe you don't agree with that.

So you know what. I agree that something should be done about the gun situation in this country did. I say. I couldn't gun control no.

But. I did agree with the fact that there was something in what that person said that. I can agree with. I've removed that barrier just like when.

I have. Brian here. I found something within. Brian that.

I could connect with that. I could agree with that. I could become one with and when. I had that.

I had leverage over its center of gravity same thing with report skills when you're dealing with rapport we don't always have to agree. But we have to find something within what comes out of their mouth that we can agree with the person has to really feel like you're on their team and. Then you support them that you get them that make sense. I think.

I think this is probably a better process. I mean. I would love to handle you guys with all kinds in at night language. But.

I think this process for a lot of you will be very very useful because. I've used this to close sales matter of fact this is primarily the way that. I convert prospects into clients when. I do my coaching in my initial consultation.

I'll sit down and talk with them for 30 minutes about why their life sucks right. And. Then. I'll ask them why they you know how much they want to change and why.

I'll start to ask them very simple questions it work this is your choice why might you want to do or how much do you want to do they'll say okay. And. I'll say really. So why didn't you read that.

Last and looking like idiot and. Then they start and you can see that that defense in this go up which means they've bought into the process they've engaged right. And once you once you tap into people's own reasons for doing whether you agree with it or not whether you think it's just a tiny nitpicky wishy-washy issue it's not not that's their reason for change and that's the most powerful reason on the planet for them and as long as you keep them connected to her using their own words when. I was giving you that while.

I was writing into this formula how many times when. I repeated back to you your reason did. I use their own words right. Everything stacks right.

The most powerful words you can use a human being or the ones coming out and if you just understand that principle we resisted we could not eat anywhere you go you don't need to have complex like which happens just got to feel a certain way and pay attention pay attention to the people in front of you listen to the words give them their words back link their words to the things you want them to way that they get it. But they understand they're getting what they want you will induce profound trances and profound compliance it can't not happen already anybody got something get sir waving your glasses at. Venus. I went in to transfer minute okay.

So real quick questions uh. I'm going to actually write that to those steps on the board for you. So you can in my system this is called the economizer formula it's based on that book. Instant influence by.

Michael panel on. Michael goes into much greater detail on the autonomy aspects of things than. I do here there's a whole list of questions and ways to ask questions that and it's actually useful it's a useful exercise because certain ways that we ask questions we think are getting person their autonomy to actually create a feeling of being disempowered or being manipulated. So it's useful.

Hansol on. PA and tal. Oh any are pens alone. So real quick recap what we've covered today we started with the critical path of influence right.

Stay in control rapport language within the language static component idea what was commonly referred to as the autonomous or formula and the echo technique recovers talked a little bit about state management we didn't go too deep into it although everything you've been doing through here has been managing people state. Esmond process and. Then ultimately we've been referring back to criterion values the whole time language patterns that we cover were cause and effect complex equals we gave you. I told you that.

X causes. Y. X equals y. X is always a pace y is always a lead pace is anything that is true that we can verify lead is anything we want them to do right.

She seems almost organized there's a there's a common formula in. NLP and sub-area sodium systems called statin realities or five four three two one method and that method is basically you have paces and leads and there the way they training is very hard to track which is why. I teach it in my conversational doses trainings. I cheat a little bit differently than here.

But basically you start with five paces and one lead and you've got the four paces and two leads three paces three leaves two paces four leaves one pace five leaves and. Then you just leave. So you're literally okay. Love you in the.

First couple. So. I pick five things in the room right. Sitting here in this room feeling the environment hearing the sounds of my voice understanding my words attention to them causes you to begin to rapidly internalize this information as you rapidly internalize this information and you begin to understand it how it relates directly to you even as you relax more in the chair you can begin to let this information knowing now.

I sneak. I snuck some stuff in it. I switched from something that is physically basical to something that is cognitively basically right. And.

Then what. I did is. I follow this set a basic formula. But.

I turned. I went from external reality to internal reality star talked about realizing feeling understanding right. So. I should be different external to internal and.

Then and. I think this is very hard to consciously track right. But this would be a good writing exercise right. What.

I do with my students a lot of times is. I literally have them taken make a list of fifteen paces in their environment and. Then fifteen leads and. I'll just have them randomly string paces and leads together just to get used to linking feels right.

And it creates it creates profound transifex. I mean you can't you can't fight it because the moment you fear of your brain conflict what regardless of what you consciously want the moment your brain picks up something that's sensorially true click solve a reality button and as you get five over three two one it's just it just it just goes along right. It doesn't work partially right. You can even see here this is what we get this is kind of really kind of right.

In you guys if. I can start with five paces in one lead. I give you that lead and you accept it you act upon it it's now something that's true which means you can pace it and for anything. I'm pasting that sense orally or cognitively verifiable this true.

So the minterm is saying as you realize how powerful this information is the moment you realize it is not true which means as you realize it's true it just goes deeper as you realize it's going deeper you notice the effect it's having you can try to fight it your lies it's already too late okay. So right. This is called cyclic apace evening the moment a person accepts a lead it becomes true to the world which means you can pace it yes. Anything any any of that at that moment yeah it's the principle.

I want you to get this form contain you can be anything you want right. Any pace can be linked to any wine and the moment it's accepted and acted upon it's true which means you can use it as the. Next pace yes. Sir stamps or worse when you turn your on just don't flow and again you don't have to you don't have to go.

Lightspeed in fact many times your you can be more compelling by putting a rhythm by putting a spacing in near words my my choice is to always is to always use my normal cadence. But what you'll notice is that as. I speak. I tend to pace back and forth and that pace tends to have a rhythm to it.

So. I'm always doing things on multiple levels right. But the whole idea is if you the fastest way to get nowhere with this information is to try to do everything at once go deep with the. Cardinal things become upon a stop make your strengths unstoppable come back and add something new because you'll never stop learning there will always be another level that you can take it.

But you want to be effective fastest way to do that take some advice from. Bruce. Lee start with your strengths and make them unstoppable do what you could add do what you enjoy. So we said cause in fact is.

X. X causes. Y complex equivalence is what he sequels y again any. X can cause any.

Y right. Well this freedom money is power sex is one that class is being them okay. Let's see what else we've covered let's cover this with a little bit different review. Leo to autumn eyes.

Or for you guys real quick. Tom eyes. Our. First thing we're store autonomy right.

Second step why might you want to. X. X pain whatever comes out of there now right. Remember we're always validating the reasons agreeing with it and restore their sense of personal autonomy we don't do that they're going to feel like you're trying to manipulate them they're going to react be reacting in the wrong direction that make sense once they give us a reason we use their exact words as we validate what came out of their mouth and.

Then we ask them to rate it on a scale of zero to ten how much might you want to do that. So such scale how much might you want to do that whatever words come out of their mouth repeat them back verbatim and agree with it and. Then ask them question why didn't. Uranus and you will see them to the.

Delta like you just slapped up with a wet fish or something right. And they'll like quite an aerated less as you know why do you recognize and beacon grown with this be sincere don't think don't think of it like you're playing a trick on. Spooner your job is to get change period that's why they came you if they've confetti if they've given you permission to influence them use whatever it takes that's your job change the. Rihanna.

But why didn't you rate that. Last whatever it is that's fine if you need to go if you want to amplify a little more you can go back and revisit the process. I don't usually. But unless.

I see like maybe something else that might post that that desired and on the same lines and. Then it is a simple question great. So this is what we want to do what's the. Next step if any that we need to take can you let them come up with the staff you're good well actually what.

I do for these guys. I was doing it as a dumb right. Because. I wanted them to see things.

So what. I do here is once they give me the reason and. I validated. I asked them on a scale of 0 to 10 how much you might want to do that.

I always use that like that light is magic in its content. NLP and a lot of things we're talking every use words that you might or why especially now field wise like the kisses they're in this particular context why is strategically and tactically useful because it generates a rationale and once a person generates a rationale they will fight tooth and nail to protect it and that's what we want we just want to make sure they're fighting in the right. Direction say why did it decay well you guys know well obviously you know that before we need to you know you can go on playing it's wrinkly right. So why might you want to clean your own you know what might be a good idea.

I like that. So just why might it be a good idea to get this thing handled right. And it's not even a solid there is an idea right. Yes.

I wouldn't say why migrated. I said why didn't you rate it was very important you are challenging not a swagger eating is all. I haven't had that how in fact they're anticipating and when they get the opposite it's a confusion induction because they're expecting encourage expecting it to come do you no. I said one mighty well this way because.

First thing. I'm gonna give you back your autonomy because if. I say why might you lose weight now you have to defend yourself right. I say look.

Whether you want to lose weight or not. I'm going to support it you know. I know sometimes people tell us meaning lose weight and we buy into that we're here because other people are telling us what we need and if that's and if that's if that's your situation. I'm not going to.

I'm not going to have to judge me on it. I'm here to support you. So you know and. Then.

I'm going to say. But just to say with a conversation we're having if you were to want to lose weight why might you want to do for your resource well they wouldn't be any charity and want some change on some well right. Okay. Because doing what you're doing okay.

So what's important about money crochets values for you you don't know that much about it. I think. I said it was important okay. And if you were to know about our values because.

I said it was important what my debt to be more effective. So if. I want to teach you about criteria needs and values you could get better outcomes and quicker outcomes or better audience better outcomes and quicker results that you could be more effective and how it really inspired your would you just lend it. I feel like we're on a track look.

Look. I felt completely natural in it it's very different being on the outside of that experience and actually watching it being in it what's the. Next step if any that we need to take take this to the further he'll come up with something and that's where you steps where you take them out really depends on if you're needing resistance or not right. You know the bottom line is is depending on your context right.

What you don't want to do though is you want it you want to be very you don't want to like jump on it like the men maybe you ask like. So what's the. Next step if any that would need to take it is to make. So they tell you you overdid it right.

You just be very matter if. I can okay. Well let's get you on the schedule how soon you want to start that's usually where. I go.

Next and they say well. I guess we need to set up a session a bit usually well when. I do my clothes. I'll just tell anyone ask they want the session also will come up to you on how fast you when you started how soon even to get started right.

And again it's you know depending on what your pricing is and what the problem isn't. But there's their value of themself it is. I would be how cool is right. But getting back to criterion values that takes it to a whole in love because when you're doing an autumn.

Iser you're coming or generating a rationale that they for what they might want to do it that is indirectly connected to the criteria vouchers. But still it's powerful because it's their words and it's there now and they're defending it right. There literally resisting himself into compliant right. With crikey they're criterion values the more you connect them to their to that those emotional building blocks of their identity the more they associate their identity with what you're giving them.

So if did you feel emotions when. I was serving. But when. I was giving you no.

Right. It wasn't it wasn't this cold and it was was exactly what he wanted to hear there was no. I didn't have to get him a features and benefits statement worst way to sell anything station no. No.

I would how we want to clarify some things about about towards and away from mental programs guys know what another program if you don't raise your hands because. I need to know okay. A medic program is as. I filter that it's cross contextual like some people if.

I were to ask you to tell me about like if. I went to this gentleman here acid tell me about these three martyrs ones blood to bring one black to green different singers. Sam's right. That's a meta program for how he looks at data he looks at information.

First he looks at what's different. Then he looks at what's the same take their take the content out and look. At the overall process or if. I went up to her she might tell me something complete you might start with you know they're all about set of sameness right.

Right. There's basically four. So that's one metaphor and we cover those are not be translate if you understand better programs. Then you automatically know how to present information something with their most naturally geared towards processing it right.

Very very powerful and selling and persuasion that specs getting back to criterias and values. But getting back to them back to day of real quick we start talking about towards and away from remember you have a reptile brain okay. You have three brains you have your reptile brain aka your paleo cortex your limbic system or your mammalian brain and you have the neocortex if a million brain works on prime drives there's the most powerful oldest and in my case in our case the one we want to talk to the most that reptilian brain will generate emotions those emotions generate behaviors and complex behaviors specifically and. Then your neocortex at newer level of your brain will come up with a story to justify it that may have another to do with the okay.

In this particular in the autonomous or you're actually working within the cortex by attacking that rationale and core causing the psychologically login and defended the criterion values you're going to. Olympic and the reptilian for the levels of the brain and engendering and towards or away from response. But all people have a prejudice towards away from all people all human beings whether you have a better program net scores or their program that's away from we all default to away from okay. So it's called as a garnet effect we will fight harder to keep the dollar in our pocket.

Then we will work to get a new dollar the garnet effect okay. We're all sorry we're this way it's adaptive its how we evolved and how we survive as a species pain has to be more compelling otherwise we die fast okay. So while a lot of us who are more evil like to think it work towards people and we maybe in certain contexts at the end of the day we will experience more pain from losing the dollar in our pocket we will gain pleasure from getting a new dollar once we understand that. Then we can begin to craft messages especially in our marketing that target those impulses remember we're not supposed to play fair we're hypnotists okay.

We are reality technicians regardless of you know what your field of application is you see put a stop on mostly your primary therapist would that be true your job is not to get people to believe you your job is not to make people indirect. I just kind of said where your job is not to make people those are results of something much more much more fundamental compliance nothing you want to achieve happens if the subject and the chair doesn't do what you tell them to do and if you meant that the greatest degree that you have compliance you have success your job ladies and gentlemen is not to foster belief they're not not say that make people feel good and happen those are results of one thing people following their instructions of doom what you tell them to do the degree that they do that you can give them anything they want a high probability that their many had. But until you wrap your head around the fact that work for clients professions you'll be successful this is question degree right. That's the one thing elements a medal to the degree that you get people to do what you tell them to do it helps many people and get anything you want make sense.

So are we clear on the. Italian value question is what's important. PT. I forgot.

I'm going online it for you there's only one question you need answered right. What's important about. I said can you pack though whatever comes out of their head to have their mouth all right. That's all.

I hit with this joke it's dishonor all right. Yes. What we just lecture you guys actually practice in. Vista oh you want that soon got what everything all right.

Let me give you the formula algorithm for car train your values will pay penalties and stay intro work okay. People hey my. YouTube video. But people don't allow you to do this for some reason.

But the one part that you hate about it is all the questions because. David goes off on tangents when you're doing criterion value solicitation okay. Remember these are the emotional building blocks of a person's identity okay. So when you start accessing criterion values you're literally finding the most personal things to them and within the context you're operating playing a little song.

So the question is criteria print and primary criteria question is what's important about. X whatever. X is okay. So what's the flag nobody wants to play okay.

So let me ask a question sir pushing just what's important about learning conversation closest to you personal better interaction with people in general and better for your people in your practice or your practice the success of your practice excellent and if you were to be if it were better if you improve your practice work better before the load is used again. So they already interact better with people what would it do for you business hopefully for your clients and if you have clients and again. I'm just doing this. So.

I can understand better because my job is to make sure that what. I have to offer is a fit for you and the only way. I can do that is to make sure. I understand your world and what you want to need.

So. I can give it to you because that make sense. So how will this help your practice excellent if you had better success of class and a better pro base ultimately what would that decree what will it give you in your life or power and freedom of time. So ultimately it's all about freedom and time powers and if we can give you that.

I can show you how these skills will actually systematically bring you more powerful way of communicating not just in with your clients. But in every aspect of your life. Then you'll get more clients you'll be more successful and ultimately every aspect of your life was unique the way you want how you feeling right. Now brother right.

All. I did was elicit a hierarchy of criteria think of words that came out of his mouth. I kept going until. I got something that.

I knew it was really where do you want to go could you see or expert could you sense when his emotion changed when he hit power and control in his life there was a visible shift in it and guess what that's why you're all here you just have different words for. China and. So the point is it's the class is about power and control. So.

I'm learning how to take the redness on overlay. So we can be more successful our practice. So you get the three other time that we want because again that's the most important currency that we have is a time and entry event is exactly what this course does this was the emotional building blocks of identity the. CMV and something of a personal something when you start working on a criterion values level you're bypassing critical path deeply your peers your stimulating and emotional responses remember what we begin this traffic stop with what you have an emotional shift all of your perceptual filters change.

So that you only pay attention to the elements of the communication that reinforce or retry gird the state you're in not fine if. I'm going for emotions in the. First place remember what. I was describing you was in random communication what do you think happens when we start targeting we start stimulating emotional responses on multiple levels simultaneously it's unstoppable you can't just can't resist okay.

I'm giving you with. So many rights you're making four eleven right. So that lead to sit. But the important thing remembers there's two ways to that you can apply criterion values for now you can view a hierarchy this being the most superficial.

First thing that comes out of the mouth you say well what's important is what's important about line and. Then what's important about looking to seeing and. Then what's important about that and as you get closer and closer to the deep level criteria the highest level criteria you will see their emotion response and deepen and strengthen right. But you have to validate that this can't be linguistic trip that you're trying to pull on somebody for most of you especially.

Commission master to stadium protocol which we're still doing you have to be sincere in your desire get them what they wanted what they're describing to you you can provide you have fiduciary responsibility to send them somewhere else okay. This is not about tricking people that's the difference between me and the other needle gently okay. We move through the world making everyone around us is too ridiculously good by showing them how to get everything they want by giving us what we want that makes it yes. That is a lot of influence they know their values they don't know how to go when they have their dog it's very true really well thank you and he get it down head you got it on most relationships.

I do. I started on the infamous side of things get teaching people have better orgasms and the. First thing. I talk about my.

First course. I hope what others will call secret orgasm tips and the. First the. First two chapters was all on that checklist that every woman happens that they know that constitutes the ideal rubber in our world everyone reclaimed experience she know she's right.

There right. I know that's. I've been there. I've been here hundred times the bond ways every woman on the planet guys are doing the same thing we're just very simple seriously oh go to my.

YouTube channel you can watch my foot factory videos watch my speed attractions videos as. I bagging this guy because we're done wrong here's a a woman can watch a woman can walk up to a guy and go. I know sit there help you do not. But here's the thing that are saying the checklist from a psychology perspective is called projection the maps you carry around inside of us we project onto everyone around us and we're always looking for matches or mismatches if we find someone that matches we feel connected to them we have a chemistry with them doesn't match that they're wrong and every one of you is looking through the world projecting that list onto everyone around you the corollary to that is you know dating or romantic context when a woman kisses you she will kiss you in the way she wants to be kissed she will touch you where she wants to be touched in the order and sequence she wants you to touch her why because she's following a man she's following a checklist that constitute what what's the perfect touch the perfect kiss the perfect timing and she's following that pattern she's everything you need to know to give her exactly what she wants all you have to do is pay attention apparently.

I have five minutes. So. I have to speak very quickly. I think.

I love this detail. I love what. I do. I love you guys.

I mean. I guess this is the most fun. I have about my clothes or with myself before you slip there yeah. But there's an overall pattern.

I want you to see whether we're talking about romance sexuality we're talking about persuasion and influence criterias and values optimizing the words that come out of the subject are the most powerful transiting to sing words there are and when you give them back you gain an unspeakable appendage lovely of power in their world keep it connected to their criterias and values and they will do what you ask out of the book. There's something if they're persons in your office is there for a reason other than their own parse that out give them back their autonomy and find their reason for wanting to do what they came to do link it to the criteria is nice you should cause and effect and complex equivalence to connect it to something to accelerate and describe to them what that will mean for them using their words and they will you will create a powerful powerful relationship of people stage already set up you thought. I was going to forget all right. First things.

First get that. TED talk by. Feeny. Cuddy on power.

Foster's it's worth its weight in gold there's two ways that we can control our state the one way is called through willpower that's the way we all try to do things and it fails miserably okay. Because your willpower is a finite resource it's based on two things the amount of sleep that you get and the amount of blood sugar in your system okay. Get a book. By.

Boyd. Baumeister called willpower explains it all we. Baron willpower units every time we have to exert control over our emotions. So the more stressful day you have no.

Real power you lose that's why. Boyd. Baumeister be a und ist. ER now there's another way to control your state.

But what's more powerful. Universal way most of you won't do it. But if you understand what. I'm going to give you now you can look.

Into it what about a war zone and be relatively calm if you practice okay. So the. First thing. I want to do is.

I want you to think of a time in your life when you learn something powerful learn something fast and you use it and you succeeded magnificently okay. I want you to see what you saw here which heard field what you tell and stand the way you were standing breathe the way you are breathing bring that posture back total victory you saw something you wanted to put a plan in action to rent for it bring those feelings back notice what your body feeling stand that way as you stand that way holding that posture holding that physiology without changing anything try to feel bad because you can't do it now watch turn around the far wall. I don't have any leadership now. I stink of a time when you were disappointed when you went for something it didn't work out.

I want you to stand away or standing breathe the way you were reading feel the way you feel those feelings come back notice how your posture shifts and changed go into that posture now while holding that posture while holding that mindset try to feel it this can't quite good now here's what. I want you to do while holding on to this less the positive emotion shift your body back to the positive physiology back to that winner's physiology that rapid learning physiology notice what happens to your feelings. I've double that view because. I know what you did.

I turn around look. Up here would you'll notice exhilarating when. I had you hold it the less than positive posture how did you try to feel good what happened could do it when has she hold on to the less than positive emotions shift your body back what happened if your your feelings change didn't your physiology controls everything your willpower can see your will copper is a finite resource it's based on the amount of sleep you have whatever filters you got going on inside which are emotional basic. But the amount of glucose in your system your willpower can be overridden the more neurological arousal you have the faster your convert a critical factor checks out okay.

We are emotionally creatures we have a finish now. So. I have some paperwork for things like that for trainings how many won't take it further okay. Cool see me after class.

I'll hand out some special paperwork got some special stuff only for hypno. Thoughts people get that that video by. Amy. Cuddy holy postures like this these victory posture to see people automatically going to when they win hold them for as little as two minutes your testosterone rises by 25% testosterone is the achievement hormone whether you're male or female it's the confidence hormone you go into a situation in session public speaking find a saw in the bathroom.

I do okay. Here's the weird part. I'm going to let a little. I guess good beginning here.

But 5,000 years of. Chinese medicine one of the most powerful. Qigong exercises with an exercise called standing on state it's a secret it's a secret posture for generating massive strength and power and. Chi and if people would stand for hours like this hmm two minutes 25% increase in testosterone six hours.
