Title: How To Heal Mind and Body Fast! Getting Rid of Physical and Emotional Pain
File Name: gQ66JUy4W4w.txt
Video Id: gQ66JUy4W4w
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ66JUy4W4w

All right. Welcome to my world won't you come on in have you had enough candy it's important welcome to secrets of energy hypnosis my name is. David. Schneider and today we're going to take a little journey together we're going to begin to explore the synthesis of what a lot of us in our profession in our community openly embrace.

But often have trouble integrating a little bit about myself real quick because it's all about me. I've been doing hypnosis since about the age of 15 doing energetics almost as long. I have an eighth degree black belt in an art called. Rinku.

Kempo which is an art that specifically deals with manipulating and managing the acupuncture points and meridians of the human body in other words. I'm trying to do things energetically to a body that doesn't want me to okay. I'm also a licensed acupuncturist in the state of. California.

I run a clinic in. Solana. Beach where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotion okay. Which is pretty much everything.

I as a licensed acupuncturist. I spend a hundred thousand dollars to learn all kinds of cool things about the body that. I never use why because. I can treat most everything faster easier and permanently using the technologies.

I'm going to share with you today okay. Now that being said. I don't get the usual clients. I work almost exclusively off up until recently.

Anyway almost exclusively off medical referral the people. I get are in chronic pain they have terminal illness they have a lot of. I do a lot of trauma work as well. But.

I get almost. I have a hundred percent success rate with weight loss. But. I get one a year.

So you know take that for what it's worth. I have never had ironically. I have never had an on a smoking patient. But.

I do get lots of people who don't want to get fixed get that a lot huh how many people are in my my instant conversational hypnosis for a shot glass that or yesterday morning rather right. In that in that workshop. I gave out a process that. I almost never give out in a public training it's called the autonomous or formula and it's basically designed to take anybody who doesn't want something and have them generate their own personal reason for wanting to do it and.

Then making them fight to do it. So you literally get them resisting you in the direction of change okay. And. I know a lot of the people in the room that day we're actually you know seen clients and we're doing a lot of not of smoking patients and we all know.

But those kind of people are like right. They're there for every reason other than their own right. So a little bit more about me. I've been running meetups and practice groups in hypnosis and.

NLP pretty much since 2003 or 2004 where. I met this kid named. Scott. Sandlin and this weird guy named.

Richard. Clarke and. Then this guy. Richard.

Ramos started showing up on the same day. I held my. First event. First get together with the.

Los. Angeles sleepwalkers and there was this this evil cabal was launched known as. The sleepwalkers and it's been very very interesting journey over the. Last 12 years because what began 12 years ago in.

Los. Angeles is now something that embraces all of you and even though they're not here and they may never see this video. I just never give a huge huge round of applause to. Richard.

Clarke and. Scott. Sandlin for achieving a hypnotist they have truly truly taken a vision and expanded it beyond what we even thought we could do. Batman and they deserve a tremendous amount of credit for it that being said let's jump into today's topic okay.

The. First thing we need to talk about is what the hell is energy by the way. I thrive on dialogue they've only given me an hour today which was a big mistake because this is a huge topic. I am going to teach you one technique.

I'm going to demonstrate it several times. First and. Then. I'm going to teach you and let you practice it on each other.

I will try to keep as much at the explanations to a minimum at. First and. I will tell you why we many of us operate under the belief that we have to fully understand all the in and outs of something before we can actually do it the two minute technique. I'm going to show you.

I could spend two days unpacking all the things that are going on in that two minutes linguistically energetically neurologically and we would never get anything done. I would much rather you come out of here with a solid technique that you can pretty much throw it anything that walks into your office and nuke it within about seven minutes if you're slow and that being said. I'm still waiting for confirmation on this. I'd recently did a.

Skype session utilizing the technique that. I'm about to teach you and in the space of five minutes you know everybody knows what a subtle is right. Okay. I had a gentleman who was suffering from cancer yeah it had pretty much spread to all kinds of weird places in his body which is actually you know we were starting to get more and more of that people are amazed of what we're doing.

But in a nutshell basically. I had him raped the size on a scale of 0 to 10 how bad that pain was and where the tumor was and he gave me an 8 and he actually had a leaking he was feeling the mass in his scapula and. I did this technique on him and. I said well how was how is it now he goes 6 we do it again and he's starting to get a weird look.

On his face 4 and he started getting nervous. I had feeling. I knew why. But we did it one more time drop down to a 2 and he's literally looking for the tumor in his scapula okay.

And he got visibly agitated when we got to it too. So we left it there for now all right. But. I have done this this technique if you target it right.

Can be can be a tumor killer. I've seen it reversed 25-year lung cases of constipation. I've seen it reverse herpes outbreaks low back any kind of pain physical or emotional short of in and as long as there's no. Recurring biomechanical issue like if they're walking weird because they have an imbalance that you agitate somewhere else.

But even. Then this stuff goes away it doesn't come back okay. So does anybody here have an ouchy what you got is it okay. To get rid of it.

I'd love to get rid of you sure oh yeah you wouldn't lie to me with you not in the world all right. So here's what. I want you do. I want you to point to where you feel the pain cool now here's what.

I want you to do close your eyes. Close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes.

On a scale of 0 to 10 rate the pain. First impression about a for about a for now as you look. At that sensation with your inner eyes. I want you to notice there's a color connected to it what's the color.

First impression the brown we're gonna reach in grab all that around take it out and hold it in your hands make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides being a technical term make sure you get it all there you go good sit on your hands all in your hands gated the color change or stay the same. First impression kind of brown or red now excellent now as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction does not a clockwise grab it with both of your hands physically grab it with both of your hands reoriented in space.

So it's spinning the opposite of what it was it's now the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice to change notice it's going let the feelings come up whatever they are you know try to bring it back. I know. But most of time they can walk and use your nail than. I have all morning and no.

It's really funny about this the reason. I'm at this workshop. So. I saw you do this on.

YouTube and my wife was having a knee problem and. I did this to her work the very. First time she loves me now what you got from you sweetie what's your name. Felicia is is there something physically wrong with the tooth probably can't take care of it now okay.

So you want to give it for now yeah okay. You will promise to get it looked at though it's okay. To get rid of it. Then okay.

So point where you feel the pain good now close your eyes. Look. At it with your inner eyes. Scale of 0 to 10 rate the feeling fine take it out grab all that right.

Notice to the color associated with that that energy what's the color pink grab it all take it out make sure you get it all cuz sometimes that hides it all in your hands say if she's still digging it out. I told you now as you look. At that did the color change if stay the same yellow good notice it's moving in a certain direction spinning in a certain direction what direction physically grab it with your hands reorient it in space. So it's the opposite of what it was now double the spin double the amplitude double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change how're you feeling better scale of zero to ten okay.

Close your eyes. I'll stop it soon point two is it the color disdain. I'm saying with a different reach in grab the rest of it take it out hold it in your hands you didn't get it all. Last time that's what happened double the spin in the direction that makes you feel better double the spit double it again get into it keep doubling it double it over and over and over again till it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it put it back in notice a change let the feelings come up to you sometimes there's an emotional component that we try to repress that's what keeps it locked in over time you'll be around applause come on up yes.

What you got a screwed up disc and this is again when we come into that area just because we can fix something should we right. Is it okay. For us to fix it yeah okay. I don't know that will fix the physiological components we might sometimes they go right.

Back. I've been working on it and it's improved greatly. Oh excellent all right. So.

I like to totally get rid of it cool all right. So here's what. I want you to do point where you feel pain okay. Got it yeah make sure now by the way just for those of you who are trained in pain control.

I'm doing something here that rapid that instantly violates the. First thing we're taught about pain control you know what that is. I'm saying where's the pain there's a reason and. I'm gonna get into the reason why as we go through the mechanics of this you found it yeah excellent now close your eyes.

Look. At it with your inner honest as you look. At the sensation. I want you to notice something.

I want you to notice there's a color connected to that feeling wants to call her. First impression like a more excellent. I want you to reach and grab all that maroon energy take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you've got it all sometimes that hives now you may also notice as you dig that out that there's a reason that that feeling was there and there's a feeling connected to that reason and that might live in a different part of your body and if that's true we'll deal with that in a minute. But as you look.

At that energy in your hands - the color change or stay the same. First impression yeah it's like a purple excellent now as you look. At it notice it's spinning in a certain direction what directions it's spinning this way excellent. I want you to grab it with both of your hands physically grab it and reorient it.

So it's now rotating and moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was and when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change big round of applause for the lady come on. Arnaz yes. Sir oh. I guess they're just gonna line up come on up one mo time all right.

What you got sir in your left head how long had that are you doing weird things that make it bad okay. You ready yes. Yes. All right.

So here don't you point where you feel pain okay. Close your eyes. Now we've got it with your inner eyes. On a scale of zero to ten rate the sensation right.

Now about a three three excellent as you look. At that feeling. I want you to notice there's a color associated with it what's the color. First impression green puke green all right.

Reaching with both of your hands and physically take all that puke green energy out hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes it hides especially for arthritis got it all yes. Okay. Did the color change or stay the same. First impression for white or green okay.

Excellent now as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's spinning in a certain direction what direction to spinning excellent physically grab it with both of your hands reorient it in time-space. So that it's now moving the opposite of what it was double the spin double the amplitude double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot what is the change that's a look.

Of a happy camper hey you feeling great good job give me a round of applause thank you. So you guys are gonna have to really extend your pre talk to do an hour session now here's the cool part we've been handling mostly physical things here it works just as well for emotions okay. By the way you may notice feelings come up and we notice your body sweat a little bit let that happen the body's recalibrating and rebooting it. So.

So there's sometimes they'll break out in a sweat sometimes you'll see releasing gestures like yawning they might tear up. First time. I did this on a guy with a tumor. I.

I'll tell you the genesis of this tape. I've only got an hour. So. I have to you know just before speech.

But if you guys want to know more and they can find a room for us will you know we'll go deep dish on this. I also have a some sheets. I was gonna hand out. I do not have enough.

So. I just see me after this session and we'll work something out where we can we can take this further. I'll take you as far as. I can on time.

I have. I'll show you where to go for more. First thing we need to understand is that no. None of our systems work alone okay.

We use language and. I had in our automatic processes we get a certain level of change to degree we get absorption and focus from our client that's all trance really is is just a state of absorption and a focus in the process. So the. First thing we need to do is we need to understand how to create neurological absorption we need to maximize how much of the brain and nervous system we're using at any one time.

I open this with what is energy can anybody you know when. I'll offer an idea about what is energy everything that's a great unpractical explanation. But it's true. I mean you know from quantum physics level is.

But let's think of them more when. I when. I get in a room full of people who are energy workers. I asked what is energy and they're like yes.

It is a form of energy absolutely yes. Electrons okay. Movement it definitely moves which is important by the way. I'm sorry okay.

Here's how. I would like you to start thinking about energy for now it's like an audio cassette it's a medium that carries information okay. We talked about the auric field for example how many people here know what the aura is or when. I say or have an idea how many people here think of it when they think of the aura they think of this beautiful multicolored cloud of energy that floats around our body sometimes.

I don't and. I'll tell you what. I would. I and.

I and. I mean by the way. I'm a promise certified pranic healer pranic psychotherapist licensed acupuncturist. Reiki.

Master. I've been doing. Reiki since the early 90s. I've been studying kabbalah since the early 90s okay.

Before madonna started studying kabbalah. So. I'm very much a prima donna - yeah okay. I've done.

Hoonah. I'm initiated into hermetic. Sciences and a lot of what. I'm going to be telling you and how we synergize hypnotic technique is based on my studies in hermetics.

But. I will tell you that no. System in the body works best on its own for example your spine and it would here we go fly-fishing fly-fishing like right. Do you know mathematically that by itself the strength of your spine the weight of a two-pound fish at the end of a fly realign is enough to crush your vertebrae mathematical your fascial system has a different level of strength.

But that isn't even close to what our spines and our bodies are capable of in synergy that word is going to be very very important synergy when we start interacting with the human being you have to think of the human nervous system as a holographic information processing network that's taking that's transmitting and transducing and processing information on multiple levels simultaneously. But interactively and synergistically. So what do. I mean by that when.

I am talking and. I'm doing this process. I'm interacting with her proprioceptive nervous system her mirror neurons her audio system her visual her external senses and her internal senses. I'm lighting her brain up like a.

Christmas tree okay. The energy field around your body is not just some randomly floating mass of energetic particles and fields in space it's highly organized and it carries information that information is imprinted in a code that is interpreted by your nervous system get it just like the data on an audio cassette the fact that it's happening in multiple dimensions not really relevant at this point except that if we don't activate and work in all of those dimensions we start to we lose the power of what we're doing the reason we can get those kind of changes that quick is because we're activating all the levels of the system at the same time okay. You can't divorce the languaging from the energetics from the physical body. But there are certain key components that you have to have okay.

You have to have them physically acting out what they're doing you have to have them weaving back and forth between external reality and internal reality you use a different set of brain circuits each time you activate another set of energy another pathway in your body okay. We foment we create neurological absorption. So there are certain key phrases that you got to use with this. But.

I want you to start thinking of your auric field the energy field around your body like a virtual reality bubble like you see an. Iron. Man or mission is possible you know when they're moving things around and opening things up kind of like your iPhone you ever notice we tend to make things out of technology that kind of mirror what our nervous system does. Anyway.

So we can learn a lot about how in the house structurally our nervous system works by understanding the technology we create. So the. First thing. I want you guys do we're gonna take a bit of a little side break into the side road into the world of neuro linguistic programming.

I want you to think of something you that time in your life when you feel absolutely wonderful good now if you can imagine the picture of that experience somewhere in the space around you reach out and put your hands smack down the middle of it excellent now take both of your hands trace the edges of it notice how big that sucker is that's good grab the edges of it now just like you open a window on your iPhone. First of all notice where your body of those feelings start and. Then go notice what happens when you make the feeling bigger or when you make the the picture bigger what happens feeling gets bigger huh hmm shrink it down to half its size what happened you know like that huh no. You have two types of coding systems in your body learned and archetypal in other words an example of that real quick archetypal systems actually will start with personalized system or any of syncretic systems.

First thing. I want you to do is think of something that happened a year ago let's make it something positive just for grins and giggles all right. Reach out and touch it something that happened a year ago cool think about something that happened yesterday reach out and touch it notice they're in different locations right. Now here's the weird thing that's your personal time line that's how your unconscious mind your nervous system codes the experience of time on a personal level.

But you have another set of codes you have an archetypal code as well one that's pretty much hardwired into everyone in this room take an image of something well this will stay with the pleasant stuff for now take it reach out and grab that image that you loved. So much the one at me put that big old smile on your face the old smiles technical term by the way all right. Here's what. I want you to do.

I want you to take and go put it behind you what the hell is it happen what the feeling what happened to the feeling did any did anybody when you put it behind you did anybody hear the feeling get stronger weirdo okay. So. But that's. But now it's fine the vast majority of you when you put it behind you went away that's hardwired into the vast majority of people okay.

So you have a code that's transmitted genetically you also have a random set of codes that you learn that just happened that get installed in you at random and by default from the time we're conceived up through the time we depart this point okay. Are you ready back just as an example now here's what we're gonna do a buddy stand up put your stuff down now picture you that made you feel really good grab the edges of it now. First thing. I want you to know is is the color in black and white orange the picture in black and white or in color good is it moving your still if it's still make it move if it's moving turn up the sound and.

Then you open that picture up nice and wide till it's as big and strong as you could ever want it to be excellent now as you feel those feelings notice there's a certain place in your body where that feeling emanates from where it lives. I want you to point to it physically point to it close your inner eyes. Look. At that feeling notice that there's a color connected to that feeling you don't have to tell me.

But maybe answer the question in your mind what's the color. First impression now here's what. I want you to do. I want you to reach it with both of your hands grab all of that color all of that energy take it out hold it in your hands in front of you look.

At it with your inner eyes. The. First thing. I want you to notice is did the color change or stay the same okay.

Excellent now as you notice it that color. I want you to by the way make sure you get it all see some of you had to go back and look. Did you see. I told you there's a reason for everything now as you look.

At that color notice it's spinning in a certain direction since this is something we want more of notice the direction is spinning grab it physically with both of your hands double the spin double the amplitude double it again double it over and over and over again keep doubling it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it and only when you know you've got it slam it back in enjoy the ride. I got a very happy room now it's time for the sales pitch okay. Fast plays pretty spunky now right. First thing we want to talk about is how is how are these feelings organized when.

I had you reach out and touch an experience you all reached it to a different place and that's okay. That's perfect. But we all did the same thing with it we made it bigger when we changed the size and shape of whatever it was the feelings in tensed intensified now in. NLP we would call that sub modalities or working in it with your pictures.

But we did some we did one small tweak that's extraordinarily essential to doing energetic hypnosis this way by the way you were all in some nebulous 'm when you did that okay. What are the characteristics of some ambulance a level five and six transfer nominal what is it no. No. That's not some name you lism what's the hallmark of some manual is it and we know what a positive hallucination is.

So a 5 trans phenomenon right. Negative hallucination level 6 trans phenomenon right. You went in and. Addyson a mule isn't like a rocket because you were taking being a technical term secret hypnotic influence techniques [Music] what did he do you took.

A color that didn't exist arguably took. It out of you which means it's not there anymore it's now here and you manipulated it like it was real. I see that in stage shows all the time. But yet you chat you created a physiological change why because you created a state of neurological absorption and focused in what you were doing you lit your brain up like a.

Christmas tree and gave it specific instructions to an interface that you created energetically that in from that information was carried energetically. I thought this is a purely hypnotic technique for many years and. Then. I realized it's hermetic there's things going on here on multiple levels and once.

I made that leave and. I really understood it. Then change started to become quantum okay. So whether you viewed that the color that we're playing with as a hypnotic construct or a real legitimate phenomenon which.

I do by the way it works. But what's going on there below the scenes is. I'm creating all kinds of connections between my proprioceptive nervous system my mirror neurons and yours when all these people came up where was. I focused was.

I in it with them right. How many people here saw me do the demo where. I made the big guy kneel down against as well you were there right. Did you not see the intent well saw it right.

You guys won't explain what what what you saw yesterday loudly. So they can hear you owe me come on trance guys basically what. I did was. I showed a physical example of what we're doing on a non visual level.
