Title: Funny (but true) Law of Attraction Stories Image Cycling &amp; Changing Water Into Wine (Kind of )
File Name: h3h6hwt_SNs.txt
Video Id: h3h6hwt_SNs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3h6hwt_SNs

All right. It's time to play with the mind magic and manifestation all right. Remind me remind me throughout the lessons on manifestation to tell you some little guidelines and stories and anecdotes that have helped me a lot. But uh and you may find them useful if not disregard them.

But um i have used this particular technique um our variations of it to manifest that is just plain impossible. So i make a joke you know difficult is easy and possible just takes a little longer right. You guys know i've i'm i'm just coming into the home stretch i'm finishing up a year-long doctorate in oriental medicine at pacific college of university [Music] i just got the. Last week or just prior to i flew here directly from detroit i was promoted to 10th degree black belt in the martial arts [Applause] i cycled all that okay.

But the most probably the most important thing to understand is um two years i i start i tried to begin my doctorate program if i remember correctly in 2016 or 2017. you know that when you apply to college you have to submit this thing called transcripts you may be familiar with that process. So i i went about the process of getting my my master's you know my graduate school transcripts for my master's degree uh i did a couple of classes at pasadena pasadena university some physics classes i did a couple of uh i got all the i got my transcripts from osu i went i graduated with a degree in management from oklahoma state university in case anybody's alumni. Anyway i got all this stuff together submitted it and waited patiently i get a call a week or. So a week.

Later um it says we've been auditing your transcripts and you're uh i can't remember if it was six or nine i think it was i think it was i think it was six. But i could be wrong uh she was you're nine you're nine credits short now i thought i had more than enough because uh i you need a certain amount to get in right. So i'm like well can you check it again they went they checked it like five or six times they said i'm sorry you're you're six or nine credits short uh. But you can get those credits at a local community college you can just take classes like that.

So you ever have those days where those years maybe where where you have the best of intentions the the the path forward is directly there and for whatever reason every time you try something happens right. Well that was my year. So for a solid year every time i tried to get those extra credits. So i could qualify to get in i ran into some kind of roadblock i signed up for two classes at mira mesa community college where my daughter went i couldn't figure out the internet the internet interface i was behind before i started right.

I tried to clep classes when i was in undergraduate education okay. I clepped two entire semesters i tested out of two complete semesters of information okay. I knew how to do this couldn't get it done just could not manifest it right. Um every time i tried to actually physically attend to college i figured well i'll just go old school couldn't schedule it had to train i had i had to see patients nothing saw almost a solid year i tried to do to do this and.

Then i. Finally said you know what i started cycling i said something that's my mantra now something will happen when david says something will happen something's going to happen may i think it was may i said of of that year when i got this transcript submitted and they said no. I didn't qualify a year to the day i get a phone call from pacific college of oriental medicine we've just been going back over some of our old transcripts your nine credits over would you like to start the program sign me up okay. Now that's that in it by itself is kind of cool.

However now keep in mind i've always been good at manifestation even before i learned image cycling when i got my hands on image cycling things got crazy um if you ever meet my wife ask her about her magic ring right. This is a pre-image cycling story my wife and i met in acupuncture school we decided that to move in together and when we when i graduated in san diego we were together for uh three or four years and we're sitting in a hot tub one day she goes she goes to me i don't know if i like being called your girlfriend and i said what would you like to do about that well i think we should we should do something about that i think would you like to get married he goes oh i'm glad you asked. So. So we decided you know we this is this is just us we literally ran to they eloped to vegas right.

But in the we plan to do it like the following month or whatever and i said well what kind of wedding ring do you want she described my if you've ever met my wife she's 110 pounds soaking wet she can hit a six foot six foot 200 pound man in the solar plexus she feels it in his genitals right. And she's she's very particular okay. She's very metallic right. You know in in her world you know um like i think i told you guys at killer influence the day i got voted the number two nlp trainer in the world i come rushing home filled with adrenaline right.

Honey you're not going to believe this i just got nominated and voted the number two nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org she goes that's great honey you forgot to make the bed right. So one of the best one of the highest compliments you can get from my wife is that's not too bad right. She makes me want to be a better person just to get over my neuroses. Anyway.

So she's describing she's describing this ring to me it's white gold or platinum and it has a wheat pattern on it and the edges have to be like square you know how it's circular. But squared like if you look. At mine it's very it's this is actually a hybrid this this is another story um image cycling story. But.

So she describes the and she's a size like four or six or some ridiculously small size right. So i of course go on a mission i start visiting every single jewelry store on the planet nobody's got this ring right. I mean i spent i spent literally weeks going to every jewelry store i could find. So i'm i'm i've just gone to the.

Last jewelry store i know about i'm feeling completely defeated and i say okay. It's on you god something will happen or more or less something to that effect i'm driving up the highway and i'm passing fountain fountain fountain hills shopping our fashion valley shopping center it's a mall right. And i think i think i had been there. But i for some reason i just decided to stop in and see i'm and i'm walking down the aisle and there's this little side aisle and i get sucked down this aisle and i go down two or three shops and i look.

To the right. And there's this jewelry store that's going out of business. So i'm like okay. Coincidence just like the scott salmon story coincidence right.

I go in i walk up to the guy and say look. I have a problem need your help i'm looking for a wedding ring that is a that is white gold or platinum it has a um a wheat pattern around the the edges and it has a flat square i described basically what i described to you he gets this look. On his face like you dick and he's looking and i'm he's got this weird look. At his face and i'm like okay.

That's weird he goes he goes somebody put you up to this is this a joke and i'm like what do you mean he reaches into the freaking okay. He pulls out the ring he says somebody ordered this weeks ago and canceled it on me size her size the right. Metal exact pattern identical i said thank you all right. Okay.

But wait there's more my wife uh you guys how many of you have met my daughters cassie and sophia okay. Um the. First time people meet them the. First thing oh they're.

So cute they're. So adorable. Then they have to take care of them steven thought they were cute she had he had a heart attack within like 10 minutes because they were out by the pool right. Now cassie when she was born um she had some issues she had some problems with her hearing she had some problems with language and things like that and we we had some we we looked at my wife was very you know if you've ever if you come from a chinese background you know how important education is to them they're like fanatical like my wife is always training our daughters for something um.

But we decided we we shopped around at all these schools we. Finally decided on santa fe montessori and there was this one teacher there who was just amazing she he she got through to kasia she got her focus she and she tutored her every single day about a year two years alone she was doing really well the school is bought by another organization that belongs to a different montessori certification and all the teachers who didn't have that certification were let go or were being let go and the lady that was tutoring kasi was one of those right. And. So she had she was going to have to leave and cassie wasn't going to get the help she needed all of a sudden my wife starts waging a one-woman war to to keep all to keep that teacher at the school this that the other thing she held meetings she offered our clinic to help two for the lady could tutor kids i mean she she literally her business suffered she was.

So fanatical about getting this woman to stay and about she for almost a year in the meantime of course we're looking at other schools we're doing our due diligence and things like that and this lady while she because she had to look. For a job too while all this was going on the the best offer she'd gotten was from a school in singapore. So she wasn't even going to be if this if she took. That job she wasn't even going to be local and i just looked at my wife and and about and that's.

Finally the decision came down that this lady had to go this is how it was going to be yada yada she's all defeated i looked at her i said look. Honey something will happen now this was i think june or july that we got this news in the meantime we had found uh a mission bay montessori it's about 20 30 minute drive from the house and it was actually recommended by this teacher i said something will happen end of august rolls around my wife comes home and says you'll never guess who just got hired by mission bay montessori right. Works okay. Um final story.

Then i'll we'll go on to the thing and we have witnesses to this one i did a training several months ago in san diego where we uh we had these cool bags which some of you by the way qualify for where's the bag it's disappeared that's all right. Somebody stole it all right. We had these cool bags made up. But as is my one i got the order in too late and.

So they're rushing around trying to fulfill the order they give me a call while we're setting up for the training the. Next day say look. Those bags aren't going to be done until like noon tomorrow and i'm like okay. Fine i'm thinking to myself something will happen right.

In the meantime we went out we were i took. I had seth i had bernie jeff snyder was there who else was there anybody else tj were you with were you with us yeah. So we're going to home depot to buy these lights because our other training room was too dark as we're as we're walking there or as we're driving there i get a phone call this is about noon i got the earlier call in the morning it says your bags are done would you like to come get them i think sure right. This was like 4 30 yeah yeah again we have been in the store for a while right.

But. Anyway we got the call in the afternoon that the bags wouldn't be done we went to get our lights like two hours. Later or something like something ridiculous we get a call that the bags are ready now this is san diego it's a weekday it's 4 30 in the afternoon when we get the call without traffic it's a half an hour 20 minutes whatever it's rush hour they close at like 5 30 6 o'clock that close at 5. he knows all the details because he's funny that way right. We get i get the call i say okay.

Let's go get them. So i'm i figure i'm gonna i'm gonna be fighting traffic this that and the other thing we get on the highway it's a ghost town there is nobody on the highway literally nobody on the highway it's like a 20 or 30 minute drive we got there in 10 minutes we were in got the bags and back in the car before the official closing time and i'm saying the whole way this is weird man and they're going shut up you'll jinx it we go we pick up the bags we get back we got back. But we got back before 5 30. didn't we there was no. Traffic on the way back either it was a ghost town on the 805 and the 5. i was like right.

These are the things that will happen as you develop your your energetic anatomy and stuff like that these things will just start to happen. So you got your lists do you have any questions about your lists you got you guys had some questions during the break right. Okay. So here's what we're going to do um bernie do you want to guide them through this process.

First or no. Through recycling yeah okay. I saw richard poking his head in. So i need to go talk to him.

So if you want to go ahead and where's the microphone and. Then once you pass through the cycle a couple times. Then we're going to practice changing water into wine we're going to practice changing water into wine where's this microphone [Music] oh here it is bernie's really fascist about the image cycling list. So that's why i'm letting him do that hey your microphone's dead no.

Tj might have to turn up the bar no. No. But that's bad all right. So um i thought i thought i was emergency.

But apparently it was just my phone um. So here's what you're gonna do we're gonna we're gonna go through we're gonna just kind of drive around the process and. Then what we're gonna do is we're gonna let you experience the effect of image cycling on matter which is kind of fun right. The important thing to remember when you're doing something like the bankston system is that you're not doing something i know that sounds weird it's not you doing the healing when we start playing with you know when we start doing the water exercise which by the way is also a tradition in rake in traditional reiki it's called choi jing right.

Charging water and of course science is. Finally backed up that this can happen. But it's a difference between abstractly understanding it and having the experience of it. So it's important to remember that when you're cycling focus on having as much fun with the cycling as humanly possible nothing else matters you're not doing anything to the client or the subject you're not doing anything to the water you're holding they're two parallel.

But separate processes understand that it's important because as much as i know that i find myself trying to cycle faster to charge the water faster you understand they're different they're separate right. It's like gun in the engine at full speed. But the the car's up on blocks. So the wheels aren't going anywhere right.

It's it's it they're just two separate things right. And that's why i wanna i'm gonna it's something you need to keep in mind because one of the hardest things that we have as manifesters or burgeoning wizards or whatever is to learn to allow to get out of your own way right. But the more we focus and we just set the intention and we let our processes run and have as much fun with it as we can hey you're going to have this massive endorphin rush your brain is going to become increasingly neuroplastic and all the good things that that yeah you just got a shock didn't you and it's a little chill right. He's like oh download all right.

All right. So do you have your list okay. Go get get out your list we're going to do this in a pretty interesting way we're going to do it in increments of five. So the.

First time we cycle we're going to do just five just. So you get the process. Then as you become more comfortable with the process and i may let bernie do this. Anyway just because i don't want to steal his thunder all right.

Um we're going to do 10. Then we're going to do 15. Then you're going to do all 20. right. If you only have five you just keep doing the five you have right.

When i when i train this in a mastermind people don't have time to do 20 things in in a four hour training or whatever if you only have you do as many as you have right. But i usually do them in sets of five now there will be a couple of things you'll experience i'll just i'll just front load you immediately. First and foremost the. First thing that's going to happen is you're going to cycle them you're going to keep cycling and faster and faster and faster you're going to reach a point where you start to you can't track it anymore that's fine that's you're not supposed if you're if you can consciously track every single image that you're cycling you're not doing it fast enough understand it's also going to feel as you as you approach that point it's going to feel like there's this little roof that you keep hitting right.

That's the membrane the vibrational membrane that you want to pass through it's it's like kind of the analogy i use is like you know in those movies when they're at sublight speed and they go into hyperspace that's how i feel it it's like you're you're spinning you're spinning all of a sudden you break that that vibrational barrier between you and the non-local or in between regular space and hyperspace and now all of a sudden you feel it every now and. Then you get a flash of something. But you're like yeah and you'll feel that way right. Revel in it it's just one of those days all right.

So let me grab my stool i have a gong yeah now i usually use a sound effect to kind of help you and train. But at some point i'll be i'll be needing you to go faster than i can. Then i can gong. So you'll just hear me stop and i'll just stay faster faster faster faster okay.

And just pretend you're going faster faster faster faster. So again go ahead and close your eyes. Yep and if you actually open your eyes. Look.

At the. First five on your list just to make sure you know what they are and by the way you don't have to do five if you want to do ten go ahead you can do whatever you remember. But five is usually pretty manageable for most people it's good for training okay. Take a few minutes and just really get the feeling get the vibe of your list imagine what it'll be like to have those things in the present time when you're ready go ahead and close your eyes.

Take a deep breath in let that breath out deeper and deeper with every breath you take and every beat of your heart just let go now if you can imagine that divine energy you played with yesterday floating above your head you can breathe that energy through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon just anchor it in. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn that off or take it away not even you when you know you've got that test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and from that space move to the very center of the universe that you are and bring up your.

First image revel in it enjoy it feel it become a command to all that is you through the universe that you reside in at the center of and. Then bring up your. Second image and do the same thing feel what it's like to have it and bring up your. Third image and your fourth and your fifth and now bring up image one image two image three image four image five image six or five or one rather one two three four five six one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five one two three four five [Music] faster faster cycle faster double it cycle faster and faster and faster keep cycling over and over and over again double it go even faster hyperspeed faster faster faster faster fast faster faster faster and faster still faster faster faster faster faster faster and faster faster faster and even double it double it again keep doubling it over and over and over again faster faster faster faster double it too slow faster even faster faster keep it going faster are you having fun yet faster make it juicy faster get into it faster that's right.

Faster faster faster faster faster faster ten more seconds faster go for the gold super hyperdrive go plaid faster and allow yourself to come back when you're completely grounded back in your body go ahead and open your eyes. Good i know it was fun isn't it now now you've got the basic idea right. Now you can add the. Next five on your list as we do this.

But since you guys are really fast on this subject. Anyway if we could have um where my help my handlers okay. Can we hand two bottles of water to each person do not drink them i've had i've had to say that. First time the.

First time there's half a good chunk of them you set the ball in front no. It's the wrong bottle right. And bring me to please as well i'm thirsty [Music] yes. Sir any way that works for you there's no.

Wrong way to do it we should have enough water for everyone if not i have half a case in my room all right. So once you've got your water. First thing you want to do is you want to take one bottle and mark it either as your control or as your experiment and place it either as far away from you as you can or under your seat or whatever uh well you're going to hold the your experiment bottle you're going to hold in your left hand no. Right.

Or wrong way to mark it just. So you know which is which okay. Bankston predominantly comes bank the bankston's energy bankston's frequencies generally emit themselves through the left hand it's like i said the anathema of most of what would it's really weird right. But it actually kind of makes sense in a certain way because the left side the left side is always self it's interesting it's the same in handwriting analysis if you look.

At people how people slants or where some of their their their uh traits and their handwriting go anytime like for example in handwriting analysis we have this thing called the dagger points um i don't know if you guys can have to write it on the thing here um uh maybe not okay. Okay. Um you know we talked about t-bars the other day right. One of the interesting things about the human nervous system is is that um i almost used a marker on my thing i really have to need a vacation i have to cycle that yeah maybe if you get that vacation i don't know if i want one in cyprus.

But it's the real estate's cheap all right. So let's say that um like there's a trait called sarcasm in uh in henry mouse and it's and it's defined by the t-bar if i don't know if i can do it here if there's a little like trailing dagger point to the right. That indicates sarcastic towards others right. If it goes to the left from the t-bar that indicates sarcastic to self and what that means is that when goes wrong who do you beat up did you beat up the people around you you beat up yourself right.

So a lot of times these little these little leftward ending traits they indicate an orientation to self on a slant in your handwriting the more right. Leaning it is the more emotionally expressive you are the more left-leaning the more self-contained or repressed you are right. And we look. At face reading the left side is our what persona private the right.

Side is our you see the correlation right. Is all the image cycling system is all about our what we want for ourselves and the energy comes out the left hand coincidence maybe correlation is not causation i get that. But there might be a correspondence there you know what i mean don't we call black magic the left-hand path because it's usually pretty selfish isn't it right. To the exclusion of anybody else right.

But that's really just an arbitrary distinction right. Like i said good and evil they're human concepts right. But remember you live amongst humans. So it's important be on the right.

Side right. Okay. So here's what i'd like you i like you look. At your.

Second your. Second set of five on your on your sheet and i want you to just kind of get a good feel for them like you did the. First five right. Just really take a moment and imagine step into that movie make it big as a drive-in movie theater screen crystal clear like an imax turn up the sounds the taste the smells to feel the best movie ever and.

Then do number seven or the you know just do that for each of your. Next five once you've got that you go ahead and just close your eyes. Take a deep breath in breathe in your divine bridging connection energy and begin to imagine image one oh actually sorry my bad take one of those bottles hold it in your left hand and do it comfortably because you're going to be holding it for a little while okay. Left hand only close your eyes.

Go ahead bring in your energy image one two image three four five six seven eight nine i'm sorry nine yeah nine ten one two three four five six seven eight nine ten one two three four five six seven eight nine ten one two three four five six seven eight nine ten one two three four five six seven eight nine ten one [Music] faster double it faster and faster and faster still double the spin double the speed faster faster speed it up make it even faster get the funky feel faster now that's right. Faster speed it up faster faster faster faster faster faster faster faster make those images juicy faster faster and faster still. Then double it again faster faster faster faster faster faster faster and faster and faster faster faster faster fast faster double it faster as the late robin williams used to say in one of his movies are you horny to win faster faster any other feelings other than the positive ones come up use them for fuel faster even faster faster still if you're not smiling it's not juicy enough faster speed it up faster and even faster faster faster still two minutes to go faster some of you are really getting into it some of you i can barely see anything faster make it orgasmic faster faster there we go that's better faster faster doing good speed it up faster faster come on faster and faster you can do it come on faster there we go faster faster i can't hear you faster almost there faster good on me now faster faster faster faster faster faster still double it and allow your eyes. To open come on back that's not exactly what i meant no.

I said naked orgasmic i didn't say have an orgasm yes. You got wet [Music] i really need to watch what i say sometimes yes. She's got this look. On her face like i just have to ask you're good i'm good i'm good smoke comes out of here [Music] anybody have a question about us right.

You don't you don't have to believe it you just gotta do it [Music] how long are we doing this for as long as i want all right. This is for huh you do it as long as you you feel like you want to do it there's no. There's no. Set time you could you could you could image cycle effectively in a few seconds you could image cycle effect it might take an hour that's the best part is you know again there's no.

Hard and fast rule. So do you just set an intention for that to be running in your mind in the background and just eventually if you do it enough it'll happen automatically a cool place to image cycles when you're stuck in traffic yep because it'll help you dissipate that and i do while i'm driving don't tell anyone it'll get to a point where like you check in and it's running in the background you can just feel it okay. When we were doing that i was like kind of getting an image of like a ball of light like going really fast like what do i do with that nothing suck it in just keep just push it out or just keep cycling if you see a ball of light enjoy the ball of light yeah. However your body's going to interpret this this process in its own way there's no.

Need for you to do anything other than what you're attached to do i find it as i sped up the every nerve every fiber my cells started like getting electric file and i still feel that power in those cells yeah it'll just get stronger kind of cool huh this one was having a good these three over here give them a cold shower or something i don't know i felt like my eyes. Were flickering they were they were like and. Then it over here i had like some kind of a i don't know sensation like it was circling inside of me is it normal what's abnormal i don't know you're in planet david there's no. Such thing this one.

So we hear that we're cracking up. So i don't know what they were saying for me i would start cycling right. Like moving them moving them spinning them and i said this is too hard let's get zeus grab the horses from the head and spin them around everybody sent me a little statue of neptune because zeus was taken zeus is hers i get neptune all right. Look.

At your. Second your. Second set of five on your list keep that keep your keep your bottle in your left hand okay. Look.

At your. Second set or your. Third set rather and again if you want to do all if you want to go for the full monty and do all 20 with this pass you can. But we're working up to you know i'm doing it progressively all right.

Go ahead and again once again just kind of create that movie for yourself for each of those things step into it live it get a you know really root the desire and the experience of having it into your head. So that every time you you cycle through the keyword or the symbol or whatever it is you're fully connected to all of it okay. And when you're ready to begin you just close your eyes. And hold the bottle in your left hand and once again let's go ahead and bring up image one two three four five six seven eight 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen one two three 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 12 13 14. [Music] faster faster speed it up faster faster and faster double it again double the speed double the force double the magnitude keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own faster faster still double it double it again double it again hyperspeed welcome to nirvana speed it up faster how bad do you want it would like to have it faster faster faster still faster faster faster even faster speed up those puppies faster faster still faster there we go that's what i'm talking about faster how good can you feel faster what's it like to have all those cool things faster faster faster faster faster that's right.

Faster i'm talking to you faster faster even faster double it come on how much you want it faster faster enjoy it faster and faster still cut loose no. Holds barred spin it to win it two minutes faster and faster faster faster faster faster faster that's right. Faster faster even faster faster faster faster and faster that's right. Faster let it all flow one minute faster faster right.

Faster come on you can go faster than that faster one minute go for the gold baby platinum gold treasures abound almost there faster come on faster and faster almost there faster faster 20 seconds faster come on show me what you got little mushroom cloud rising over the orleans faster and allow yourself to come on back [Laughter] all right. [Music]. So just for fun go ahead and take the uh the water bottle that you the other one not the one you've been holding. But the other one go ahead and crack that open take a drink or pour it into a cup if you want to compare each other's.

So that's what normal water tastes like control water like we like to call it and. Then when you're ready take a swig after you've cleansed your palate take a swig of the what have you been holding and again you know compensate for the warmth from being from holding it notice if it's notice what's different if anything this is the giggle group over here i was holding water before not only just water hold on say that again who is it not only does the bottle water taste different. But the bottle is flimsier how about that interesting yeah oh that's cool i've never had anybody notice that before. But that's awesome anybody else go ahead tony it tastes almost metally almost metallic what's the texture like yeah some people don't like the taste of their own how about these huh it tastes conversely before oh wow how about you this one tastes like evian now that caviar excellent smoother smoother and sweeter smoother and sweeter right.

By the way that change probably happened within the. First like five to six minutes of doing it we just did a little bit longer just to make sure anybody else knows anything very soft if you guys are brave and you want to sample each other's waters you know if you don't mind sharing a few cooties notice and again this is what i'd like you to notice notice how one person's charged water may or may may be the same or different than your charged water you each have you each filter things through your own lenses. So your vibrational signatures that you have and the frequencies are going to be interesting my i had a girlfriend who hated the taste of own energized water she loved mine though she had good taste i had a had a question not a comment the taste is different the texture is different are we changing the physical properties of this also like would water tension according to bill what you're doing is you're actually changing the molecular bonding angle of the water itself. So it's actually even more assimilable by your body.

So water like water tension and stuff would be different between the two bottles too cool thank you is there a what your left arm welcome to bankston buddy how many of you haven't even noticed your left arm might feel a little uh swollen or achy or welcome to bankston anybody else how long was that um well we did three sets. So i think the. First time we did it for like two and a half minutes and uh we averaged i i tried to keep it around five minutes when every time i added a five an extra five i just did five minutes. But i've done i've i've had significant changes in as little as three minutes of just doing it right.

I just wanted to i wanted to make sure you guys i want to at least try and get through most of your list and really kind of hardwire in that process you can do this for as long or as little as you as you want your neurology will get better at what it does more often right. Now there's a couple of benefits that hey that water holds a really strong powerful charge. So if you need to heal drink it you can also use your image cycling to program the water for a specific outcome that's called eucharistic healing or eucharistic programming and have an intention of that water to be programmed for those outcomes and. Then you drink the water or you give it to somebody who needs healing it's a great way to do self work holy water yeah right.

A couple of other things image cycling will take any emotion as fuel. So let's say that you have you're pissed off or you're angry you're stuck in traffic and you're just really just pissed you can you can funnel that energy into your cycle and it'll burn it up and use it to manifest your kind of fun side effects because you're speeding up the vibration of the energy it's an alchemical process that transmutes a base element to a higher it's the element aspect that changes things i actually had a couple of negative things pop up it was like mostly my girlfriend complaining about the attention that i was getting from these images. But you had already like right. Before that came up you told me like just use that negative stuff.

So yeah dude perfect excellent give it to jessica i was just wondering i found that uh there were is it on still okay. Am i not speak properly sorry inner italian okay. I found that a couple of the things that i had written down kind of got lost in the process. But were replaced by different things that's fine okay.

So it just kind of your unconscious mind knows best okay. Sometimes right. Okay. Except when it doesn't anybody else any other ahas epiphanies omg moments okay.

They're coming up now okay. When i was spinning every time i breathe i feel like one image will come to me and i will breathe it through my nose perfect and i feel really good when i was doing that good excellent pass it to. So my. Third option was half homes in more than one country and that kind of like bit me in the ass because i ended up like just traveling around the world tip it up i ended up like every time it i would hit the house it would be somewhere else oh and on two occasions i looked at the calendar on the wall.

So she told me to write the dates down. But i didn't see the day that's all right. You can go back right. Anybody else you have the big g um yeah when i was cycling the the uh the order the order of things were jumbling up oh hell yeah and some things were just some things were just expanding and jumping right.

Into my face i don't know what's going to expand i don't know what's going to manifest. First uh and you shouldn't care seriously once once you've got just give it to the universe and just do what you would normally do if you hadn't done the cycling just take the appropriate actions and everything will just line up will come out of left field and again avoid this okay. Captain stubborn here right. Back when i i guess i i told you i've i've been i've been a good manifesto most of my life for good and bad when you have that ability and you don't know how the parameters of it it's like a superpower running amok.

Right. You have these all these origin stories these superheroes when they. First get their powers they're just them up left and right. Right.

Well welcome to superhero school right. Um back when i found my. First karate school in coral springs florida i set an intention that every month i would make x amount of dollars right. I assumed it would be from my karate school every month i made x amount of dollars.

But it almost never came from where i expected it and i considered myself a failure because it wasn't coming from the school it was coming from everywhere else you understand. So this and. Then how many people were around when i talked about the five characteristics of lucky people and i said lucky people a in addition to identifying themselves as being lucky are also specifically vague right. They set an intention and a direction and leave the details up to the universe whereas people who cut themselves off from serendipitous events have to work either as hard as everybody else or sometimes harder are very specific very narrow in how they want that to manifest when they want it to manifest and it's that rigidity many times that actually slows them down right.

This is one of those times where you're learning how to generate massive amounts of luck. But is it luck because it's not random. But it is in other words you're going to set an intention the universe is going to fill the order. But how it fills the order may come completely from an unexpected source and you need to be open and aware of that it's non-local i mean it's crazy i you know back when i applied for hypno.

Thoughts right. They said every presenter gets this many slots everybody's the same i said okay. Something will happen i've taught more breakouts and hypnothoughts than any other presenter right. Rooms mysteriously miraculously open and i filled them more or less intentionally.

But. But my point is is that you have now you've always had the potential inside of you to do amazing things it's just part and parcel. But now you have a mechanism that can allow you to express and create and manifest that. So please use your god your god-like abilities now with some wisdom some respect and understand something two things a you're gonna it up you're gonna manifest something that you didn't the reality of it isn't what you expected you're not stuck you're going to want somebody to do something and you're going to cycle it and they're going to do it.

Then they're going to it up somehow they're going to find some way to screw it up it's ok. Mistakes are ok. On the path of power that's what we call wisdom when we learn from them understand everything's allowed. But cause and effect right.

We live in very much a cause and effect universe. So take some time to think about what you want and. Then go for it right. And be okay.

With how it manifests because you can always modify yes. How do you avoid what i call a monkey poor effect this old couple got a monkey porn he granted him three wishes and they wished for a hundred thousand dollars and the very. Next day their son was killed in a automobile accident tj talked about that yesterday think about what you want and make sure that you install parameters that it only happens in a positive beneficial way that's as specific as i would get right. And avoid i'm not saying you can't do this.

But avoid just throwing negative at people or wishing harmful on people that's going to happen to them. Anyway as a natural byproduct of becoming more identified with source any negativity either intentional or unintentional that people throw at you hey when you encounter it it'll still hurt. But more often than not those situations will rebound on the people throwing it at you it's a natural byproduct of the processes that you're doing. But if you do need to to hand out a can of cosmic whoop ass you kind of know how to do it you know what i mean.

So don't be afraid to protect yourself if that's what you feel is necessary. But you're going to find as you become more and more identified with the source there's nothing that can hurt that that can really hurt you unless you allow it does that make sense. So you're saying trust in the goodness of the universe trust in the goodness of you all right. Because you are the universe whether you realize it or not right.

I'm i'm on the journey just like everybody else what's that yeah well that's why we started with that right. Because when you go to that space and you manifest from that oneness as creator as divinity how can it not happen by the way that's a that's a david that's a david ad bill doesn't do that right. But i'm just saying if you could do something down here at the assembly line level or do something here at the ceo level well maybe you get a little bit more leverage that way right. So let's go ahead and take a 15-minute break we'll come back and learn more stuff.
