Title: Speed Attraction - Attraction Archetypes - Psychological Secrets For Dating Mating and Relating!
File Name: hAO6dSBg0mg.txt
Video Id: hAO6dSBg0mg
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hAO6dSBg0mg

Well if you read the uh and i've actually said this in this training. But if you actually read what brandon's review of the book. Says oh my god this is what hot women do to guys right. I'm paraphrasing.

But that's basic that's basically where all the early early successful seduction stuff came from is what women are naturally hot women are naturally doing. So if you just reverse the dynamic back to a female male perspective you're going to have exactly the model that works right. And. Then what you do is you look.

At robert green's stuff and you look. At all the different archetypes of the seductresses and you can decide which of those fits your persona the best realizing that a persona is just a mask and you can change them especially if you've got the identity by design material right. You can step into any identity you want right. So we talk about foundational skill set and.

Then we talk about you know what's the wrapping what's it packaged in what i mean that i mean is are you the coquette are you the rogue are you the rake are you you know those are archetype seduction archetypes right. What you'll discover and again i'm using the the classical archetype of romantic hero as um an example is that if you look. At all of the heroes that women find utterly irresistible and attractive there's a formula to it there's five basic characteristics and every single one of them every single hero in every single story has all five characteristics the difference is the proportion right. Um as good a place to start as any because the characters and the identities that you create as you move through the world will impact the perceptual filters people people thank you uh project on you right.

I didn't want to use a red one because they don't show up real well. So let's look. At james bond right. Captain jack sparrow here's one austin powers sam spade luke skywalker captain kirk was cool all right.

Han solo indiana jones what you do not know all right. Well let's let's start with these archetypes let's look. At them shall we huh hell yeah tell yeah all right. Now the five basic characteristics of the classical archetypal romantic hero adventurous relentless flash ruthless they are dominant um strong and when i say strong i'm talking not just in terms of physical.

But as well as mentally strong right. Or tough right. They are cynical that's that's the term that mark cunningham used to apply to it i prefer the term streetwise okay. Those are the now i add two i add two more to this mix mysterious these are my distinctions and humorous okay.

Or i should say a sense of humor which often is manifested here right. Let's look. At james bond regardless of what version whether it's the sean connery version the roger moore what are you. So dressed up for you go did you go to church.

So i thought i'd ah okay. Can you dial down the tie i'm going into trance i i really like that tie it is cool tie i like it i like it all right. So james bond is james bond adventurous is he relentless and ruthless is he dominant is he strong tough how about streetwise even though he's very cultured right. He's very very.

So he passes right. Captain jack sparrow is he relentless is he dominant [Music] no. It isn't what he is doesn't have to look. Like the same thing yeah yeah yes.

Yes. Right. Is is he as obviously dominant as james bond ah is he cynical oh yeah would you say he's more or less cynical what's changing the proportions of one to the other. But they're all there right.

This is how once you understand the attributes you decide the proportions right. Who which archetype male or female do you most powerfully resonate with what's the closest match and. Then modify right. This is what the whole identity by design silo was about originally right.

Most of you guys some of you know this some of you don't the identity by design cell that we now use therapeutically was designed as an inner game process for aspiring pickup artists. But the change work was. So pervasive and. So profound that we just rolled it into a therapeutic model and it just changes lives everywhere it goes right.

Because it goes to the foundations of identity the building blocks of personality and gives you the tools to change it right. And that's what we'll be doing in vegas as a self pro self work program right. Now the one i'm doing in vegas is going to have a few extra bells and whistles because i had a modified i had to i had to find a way to cater to the covert hypnosis crowd a little bit. So we're going to talk about some of the more black arts type of stuff about personality modification we probably won't do any of it.

But we will discuss how it was done and give you a few dark side things that you can play with we'll talk about something called the october man how many people ever heard of the october man okay. We'll be talking about that process which comes from and is derived from milton erickson work new eric's work called the february man yes. I just want to throw it i found february for free pdfs oh cool good yeah. So again [Laughter] all right.

So going into a more comedic vein right. Let's go into a more comedic vein austin powers is he dominant yeah baby yeah right. Is he relentless right. Yes.

Is he cynical she got machine gun jumblies [Laughter] right. Sam spade for those of you who do not know who sam spade is humphrey bogart maltese falcon greatest detective ever short of sherlock holmes not really which version every version i'm talking about the character not the actor sherlock holmes is awesome all right. All right. Why is sherlock holmes.

So awesome by the way is sherlock holmes adventurous is he cynical wait is he dominant adventure that's that adventurous right. Um is he strong is he tough yeah do you see a pattern here's the rub when you im when you build and amplify these qualities and characteristics in your life and by the way ladies most of these will reply to you as well every part of your life will improve because these are classic success traits when you embody these traits appropriately you will engender attraction just by walking in the room okay. Because the human neurology is hardwired to sort for that from the time we crawled out of the ocean and started forming societies that's what led to survival okay. From gilgamesh to king arthur right.

I don't know if noah had a sense of humor anybody who has to smell that many animals for that period of time probably has a very good sense of humor and a really bad sense of smell. But this is how we work we have to decide who do we need to be in a given situation or context that is most likely going to lead to my outcome and step into that persona and when we're done if we like it we can keep it put up or we can put it back in a closet and put something else on that's a little bit more comfortable as long as we remember that it's still even the ones we're comfortable in are still just suits of clothing that we wear does that make sense all right. Uh indiana yes. Yes.

They could um or you can find other now again you have to look. At what kind of a role model do you want to to really embody right. But if you look. At the classical ones before we really started uh flipping gender identities and gender roles right.

Uh who were the classic feminine heroines pre pre-1980s huh pre-1980s marilyn monroe okay. Now the actress or the character let's make a distinction oh yeah actually norma jean was quite intelligent norma jean was quite intelligent most people don't realize that marilyn was a persona that that norma wore and she could turn it on and off like a switch in fact in kenrick cleveland's uh course the charisma switch which i did i was doing stuff on christmas long before this marilyn could step onto the subway or actually norma could step onto the subway and ride it from end to end and nobody would pay attention to her no. One would bat an eye and she was telling her friend about this one day and her friend looked at her like she was crazy she goes you want to see marilyn and she. Then you're on the subway nobody's paying attention because you want to see marilyn watch boom and in seconds she was swarmed did she turn it off again again she had a just like the early hollywood everybody was typecast there was a type and if you fit it you got in right.

You won't find very many very many a-listers who broke outside of that mold okay. Right. Someone was raising a hand yes. I was just thinking i did this one with gandhi would you say that he fit was gandhi adventurous yeah hell yeah who stands in front of a crowd of armed militia and says no.

I will not fight you and i will not move exactly that's why yeah right. Was he relentless yes. Was he dominant yes. Dominance takes many forms was he cynical marina harrah okay.

You talk about the actress are you talking about the character okay. I don't know the actress. So i can't comment i'm sure she did. But what characters her characters were every one of them okay.

I wish i could think of some movies. But she did a lot with john wayne john white um yes. For a moment um real quick to speak to that you weren't here uh. Last identity by design where i went into captain jack the acupuncturist right.

Yeah i put the video i put the clip on we were teaching deep trance identification and i had just been talking about something or other and i lapsed into captain jack while i was doing hypnosis on somebody else for deep trance identification right. And the story that that preceded that how many people were there for that just okay. Talk to these people it was really and. Then find the clip on youtube if you want to see it you see the back of it yeah um.

But what happens is people will will go through a adjustment period and. Then they'll stop paying attention if you hold the frame long enough and strong. So when i was when i was testing the the uh the impact of socially programmed anchors uh at that time i was i had just moved to los angeles and i was looking for i was looking for social contacts you know i was i'm a geek at heart and i was looking for a way to cut loose and explore the my wild side a little bit and. So i've always been into role-playing games and the society for creative anachronism and all of these things.

So i started looking for an sca group that had a pirate theme to it this is about a year maybe before uh pirates of the caribbean came out i had no. Idea it was coming and. So i got to know this group called clan dark cell and you can still find them actually they actually do a lot of rent fairs and stuff around here and things like that and uh i got involved with them and and started developing a persona and a few months. Later cat pirates of the caribbean came out and i found the missing elements for what i was looking for in the character of captain jack my character is not captain jack per se.

But there are a lot of characteristics that he shares with him right. And one of the things i was noticing was anytime a trailer came on or johnny depp appeared or heard and johnny depp has always been a a salivator for most women right. From the top from 21 jump street on up right. And.

So i said well what would happen if i just move through the world triggering that anchor right. Just just using the characteristics that people associate with him what would happen. So i just started walking through the world like this i'd go to the clinic and i said hello how are you i go ah you sound just like johnny depp said no. He sounds like me and they go that accent is.

So amazing where are you from oklahoma all right. And i'm walking around a white lab coat with a stethoscope and a clipboard right. In a medical clinic and these people have known me for a year why are you talking like that like what what why do you have to change your voice why do you color your hair right. And.

So there was this a brief adjustment period about two or three days and. Then people just stopped caring. But the effect when i spoke was obvious society movies television media spends an enormous amount of time to hard to hard program these things into you. So you will respond if they're going to go through all that trouble put that [ __ ] in there why don't we just use it why don't we just use it right.

Because when you do it's huge oh you got it guys aren't trump fans i see huh what that's bernie huge huge dude okay. So my point is use it that's the realm of the covert hypnotist we see the matrix and we use it all right. Everything you're being inundated with has one goal to program you to front load you to prime you for and predispose you to certain types of behaviors certain types of perceptions and it will manage you to some degree because it's too much of it not to. But as we become more self-aware as we practice these skill sets we work in the matrix instead of having it work on us we get more choice we get more awareness right.

Just. So sam spade is a good classic one any any of the old john wayne characters from rooster cogburn to liberty valence to right. These are all classic archetypal primal male role models which by the way are you our younger generations need we need these we nee if you want if if guys if you want your partners to be more feminine you have to be more masculine because the overall population of men is becoming progressively more feminized okay. And as as a good thing as that might sound it's not okay.

Because it's creating more frustrated women most of clint eastwood's characters are extraordinarily masculine almost to have to the point of having an extra chromosome right. I mean if you look. At if you look. At at most of his characters they're not very they're not very romantic at all.

But they do they do pull from the same archetype he's very cynical me smith and wesson yeah that's mighty white of you remember that line until you're wow huh what's that when he's getting chewed out by his boss from the elevator and he just turned around tells him you're mouthwashing cutting it yeah it's mouthwashing cutting it all he cares about it eddie murphy used to do an old you know a skit about his mom and and uh about stuff being not big you know we got to eat an ice cream up off the floor and he goes into this mock clint eastwood why'd you eat the ice cream off the floor [Laughter] right. So everyone everyone now going further for females because you know there's always been this this problem with well who who who who does actually qualify as a good role model look. At the older ones like the litera the literary heroes like jane austen right. A lot of the pride and prejudice books right.

Um have very strong feminine characters for their time period right. Right. This is again what we want to look. At in terms of the qualities and characteristics jane austen was very progressive in terms of her characterizations right.

And that's why her books have stood the test of time right. Um in fact they keep redoing her books with zombies right. So we and and if you really want to get into the formulas you need to study romance novels for a lot of reasons and especially in terms of hypnotic languaging hypnotic languaging 51 of all books sold are romance novels that means the entire other 49 is everything else the bible the quran right. Readers died everything else and this stuff has a formula to it and it's written in a certain structure the characters have a formula there's a great book.

That mark cunningham recommended many many years ago it's a book. Of essays written by female romance writers it's called dangerous men adventurous women and you can extract the formula right. Okay. Dangerous men adventurous women huh yeah they're in there you'll have to it's not it's not listed out in like bullet points like i just did here.

But if you read the essays you'll be able to extract it right. Okay. Questions on this all right.
