Title: SELF DEFENSE | Secrets of Speed Defense - Pressure Point Flow Attacks
File Name: HaOkbjApvRc.txt
Video Id: HaOkbjApvRc
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HaOkbjApvRc

Have some desirable we'll show you some cool stuff uh cheers [Music]. So a lot of what. I've been seeing is from the cottas and that's always a good thing right. There's a move that's one of my favorite part is actually in some.

Styles it's peony on one sometimes it's some 2015 on two uh. But. I love this movement and what we're going to do is we're going to drill down a little bit we're gonna get basic now we're gonna do speak okay. One of the things that.

I. I do a lot of cross training and. I look. At a lot of different types of forms that are systems that utilize this movement and.

I'll show you some some sneaky biomechanical stuff. Later like. I always do right. Because.

I spent the. Last probably seven or eight years deconstructing hiking and one of the reasons that. Ikea is. So hard to learn is because it's not one thing it's about 22 separate individual modular.

Concepts that. Interlink in different ways. So. I'll show you some of that.

But the. First thing. I would do everybody stand up and. I want you to do this oh [ __ ] oh [ __ ] right.

So you're going to get a partner and what he's going to do is all you want to call. Junior chat wait for it because all. Jerry's going to do is he's gonna he's gonna throw an open hand and kind of a hook. Punch at my head nice and slow now she does not go oh [ __ ] hang on oh [ __ ] and.

I just wanna. I just want to tap that a little bit just just to get that used to being able to be willing to take an impact because that's most likely what's going to happen. Anyway you're going to be standing at a bus stop you're gonna see some [ __ ] out of the corner of your eye you're gonna oh [ __ ] right. And we're gonna wind up in this position okay.

We're going to work off of this base and. I'm going to show you how it works out of this movement that'd be cool we're also gonna we're gonna get that down. First all right. So as again he's just gonna come nice yourself.

So he can go slow. But. I want him to come heavy. So put your you do the guard and this is what.

I want you to do. I just want this kind of bubble. But just not real fast. But nice and heavy.

So he's he's okay. With taking impact and he knows that that will protect him does that make sense okay. So let's do that for a couple minutes just to get comfortable and. Then we'll start building on that right.

Here uh. Sensei crack or. Mastercraft we spent a lot of time on the brush check right. Now understand it we talk about brush check there's three possible positions you can be caught good better bets all right.

I could be all inside. I could do what we call a split entry or. I could be all outside right. One of my favorite techniques which we'll get into is a split entry here and a lot of cute show that.

I do. I don't set up on the offer. I know that sounds weird. But one of the reasons is.

I know that these points if. I hit them hard enough. I'll put the guy out right. So a lot of times what happens is you see someone else in the.

Stream of terms where we're taught in theory to hit the hand we actually get the gear on it looks like this because they're all trying to swing at the hand they don't actually training. So one of the things that's. I'm thinking is fuchsia one. Second fight and want to get in and out.

So as the strike is coming in. I'm gonna. Flash the eyes. See what happens to his head the minute.

I do that. I have a bunch of options open everybody find your shoulder and your elbow right. The secret to this is that the elbow we know the value bends this way right. So if.

I come in and. I come straight back. I'll bring them straight in what most people don't know even though. I've said a lot of our techniques is if.

I come in and. I hook. I'll turn it around a little real quick. So.

I have. Ricochet. Rabbit his ass strike is coming up blast the eyes. It's going to turn his head turns him around game over okay.

So. I'm going to show you that let's go. So we're here right. So he starts.

So. I'm here all right. Now the. First thing is we're taking one force trauma just to know we're safe right.

Now we're going to do some sneaky footwork right. I can come in. I can take that impact this way and. I can.

I jab come right. Down boom right. We're gonna do something it's kind of you're in a hunchy cup and uh in your crossover stance it looks like this watch very closely it goes around one two. So just like this one two.

So as this hit comes in that. So. I'm gonna. I'm gonna literally at.

First. I'm gonna take the impact step in elbow up under your stomach five and. I can come out and hit him on gallbladder if. I want to and right.

So that's your. First technique as the strength is coming. I'm going to here step in get out okay. Let's do that one.

First okay. [Music] all right. So we got the base right. He swing the sponge and prevent me and foul language all right.

So we've got this right. Right. So that's worst case scenario that's our ocean mode as we get more and more bands it stands to reason we're going to see [ __ ] coming a lot better than the average human being it's gonna happen now what. I want to do now is.

I want to do something called tracking you know what. I want to do is. I want to time my hip movement with his with his arm when that happens an interesting thing kind of weird to suddenly head this shoulder moves away at the same speed that his hand has come his feet are moving. But this side goes forward at the same speed and because he's got a.

Tracker. Beam for my head he doesn't see it you ever see that scene in. The. Karate.

Kid or the. Kung. Fu game where the watch the guys watching the snake yeah that snake hypnotized her she hypnotized the snake every human being on the planet is hardwired to strike for. Center.

Mass when the butt [ __ ] up and the brains drop out and it throws him in the. Drone you get tunnel vision and you zero in on your target. So we gotta make sure we're safe when we do this. But the truth of the matter is when he goes to swing at my head he doesn't see anything else oh yeah yeah he doesn't see anything else because his brain changes.

I spent a lot of time on biomechanical you show. Jitsu and perceptual fusions there are places around your body you can't see [ __ ] exactly right. So this is how it works this movement now you'll notice. I showed you that square step part which is this movement here.

It's actually an ice cream and it was actually a one of those criminal moments in my. IQ world when one uh she says. David you're missing him if we don't yield to defend um. I'm gonna give him something to swing.

So is that's coming in. I'm stepping here right. And literally all. I do and.

I can do this with a straight punch too. But all. I'm doing is as it's coming. I'm just doing that.

I'm not even trying to block. I'm just tracking it. I'm just tracking it right. Could.

I could. I do that absolutely probably still feel it coming if he feels it coming he can do something about it remember anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control. I'm. I'm a little.

I might have noticed. So as the strike is coming in now we're going to come in boom hit the elbow. I'm going to stick it around this way. I'm going to slide this in just like this and.

Then whatever you want to do finish it any way you want salt pepper water what's more sure as strike is coming in now. I'm going to quit boom right. I don't really care how hard he swings because all. I'm doing now is using my own body as a reference point.

I never move around his body that's the weird part. I'm not. I'm not moving around his body this is a secret. I'm not moving around his body.

I'm moving around lines put your body anywhere on another human being can't walk under your own arm without distorting your structure without them feeling it. But the minute the minute you try to raise him up he gets strong and he knows exactly where you are. So what we're doing here after we get that safety factor out of the way is we're going to build the illusion of solidity. So as he goes to swing that [ __ ] happens [Music] because when it came in see how they're crossed the slow mo see the frame and a harder they swing the faster they more on the hole that's scary [Music] okay.

So we'll start here we'll track it step in in the back based on trip warmer 11. [Music] fish to gallbladder 20 if you like you need a triple warmer 17. getting a lot of blank looks have. I gone too far. So here can you do that okay. All right.

Now. Mama. Jerry comes in right. Okay.

And he's looking at me funny okay. That's what it's for right. So. I'm here.

I'm going oh [ __ ]. I don't know what's coming at me right. Maybe he's not throwing it maybe he's just like oh [ __ ]. I missed right.

This is what we call our system. Iris across the eyes. Now does it have to be the eyes. Say no.

Could. I go could. I come down on stomach five yes. Could.

I come across triple warmer 23 say yes. Right. So as the strike is coming and. I stop the blow could.

I activate with this instead of just blocking it say yes. I'm gonna just come across like that yeah okay. So again this is my ready stance right. What if he throws that other hand that would work or this would work right.

So we have contingencies here as the strike is coming in. I'm going to move in. I'm gonna cut it. So.

I'm here now right. So now. I'm going to rape the eyes. I'm going to slide across this way now what.

I do. I've mentioned this to some of the people. I don't go for arm bar per se. I do what.

I call pulsing pulsing is a quick snap of the joint that throws it out of his base like that makes me a nice neurological stretch and. Then it's like shooting clay fidgets. So that's kind of what. I like to do as the strike is coming in bang right.

Fun here our fun here. I come across those eyes. I come this way. I pulse it across because as.

I pulse it. I'm gonna blast it right. Now the secret to the things that. I'm doing here is.

I need you to make sure that you're touching and moving the bottom. I've seen a lot of people um when they're going to strike they're going like this and they're not actually basing on their head when they're going to to work these points they're just going and the pack one of the ways one of the things that we have to learn as. Q show experts is point location now the problem is as many times the way you train is the way you fight if. I stop at that point my.

Q doesn't pass to the point most of the pressure points that we're going to attack require a high velocity higher level two thrust means crunch right. Which means by the way the key variable. Then is the velocity. I can put my hands up and.

I can push there's a hole in my structure somewhere that. I'm not plugging does that make sense yes. Okay. So when we do this whether it's whether we're doing this this cool [ __ ] here right.

Okay. Do you like that yeah. So let's start here you want to show you one of those. I'll let you decide to put up to the long time this is cool because again the whole idea is like.

I'm tracking them. I'm not trying to stop his arms though okay. Because biomechanically when he throws that punch the minute he gets that that arm gets strong it's ready to come in no. He knows it's coming um yeah does that make sense.

So what happens here is. I start to track it right. Yeah the whole idea that's where we're going right. So you got the ocean scenario we got the intermediate level scenario and.

Then we got the sneaky [ __ ] scenario [Music] proportions the arm bar portion really depends on where. I want another relationship. I'm up top man. I got.

So much. So much. First thing. I want to do though is.

I want to distort this structure. I got to get the head the shoulders and it gets misaligned because here is roughly my size if. I tapping you can take that hit all right. Maybe you've got it.

But if. I misaligned it even just a little bit if that stage hit goes right. Through the armor right. To the yard.

So a lot of times when. I'm coming in here and. I say move a load right. Now his armor just went away.

So any strike. I deliver especially if. I'm using that big motor little motor energy it's going to go right. Into the order if.

I'm on a point it's going to go right. Along the nerves and it'll follow it to the. Earth. So again as.

I come in here boom this that's why. I need to move alone guys gotta get that structure right. Once. I'm here remember you guys remember the roll up on your structure is distorted distorted what's the role right.

When the structure is distorted the only. Direction. I ever need to move is down and he always falls in line for your shot big motor little mode okay. You can test this try it the other way big motor a little you know little motor big one you'll get it from the back okay.

I did this on really big guys all the time okay. Okay. Yeah. So um true story on the arm bar again when.

I'm coming in. I want to blend into this right. If my elbow is below hiss. I'm going to maintain sensitivity.

I'm just going to find that corner. So now on some of them if. I do roll back. So.

I came up into heart too will active 85 right. Here he's actually got a triangulation. Point here the gravity most people don't know that in the upper. Center and a lower.

Center because of the unique geography of the of. Asia they developed a martial art that was centered around a single boat center of gravity. But you have to they float above each other kind of like this all. I ever have to do to get a really solid bro what's his strut what's his his upper.

Center and his lower. Center our misaligned is walk through it right. If. I strike you guys like to hit strikes coming in here boom.

I misaligned this if. I strike for that triangulation. Point all right. There's nothing there it goes right.

Through him and that wasn't even directly on a point that was just the spine to the triangulation point and and if. I actually clip one of those it's not burning. So when you're hitting always always misalign the structure find the triangulations your body these techniques yes. Any technique and strike four [Music] take a right.

To the board. So even if they don't go out they go down triangulation is a very misunderstood concept because most people think we only have one we have about 21 different triangulation points some are within the base the some are not this is kind of one of the sneaky biomechanicals. I've showed you several sneaky biomechanical tricks. But.

I'll leave you with one more anybody here at seeing those weird. I keep throw until they walk and they got kind of went close to the ground like that right. Does everybody find him get a partner with a shoulder anybody who had not have a shoulder except for master. Dylan yeah okay.

Draw a little clock face on that shoulder everybody go here and go 12 o'clock one o'clock 11 o'clock you guys see that 12 o'clock one o'clock 11 o'clock now. Jerry is in alignment which means by. Falling unlikable what if. I move this up over here.

So you move 12 o'clock you can also with 10 o'clock by the way it's. So stress as well. But in this case like 12. [Music]. I know my point is the human body is designed and resistance it's designed to be strong the forces applied from the top down not from the volume up sorry all right.

That's all. I got thank you foreign.
