Title: hbiTd7TcxQM.txt
Video Id: hbiTd7TcxQM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbiTd7TcxQM

What we're going to talk about now do we know we write at 50 nerds we got are we good if you're not here raise your hand very cool all right. So as. I go through this list is there anything on this list that we haven't addressed yet or hasn't been addressed okay. If you.

I'll probably have to post this as a. PDF. But. I will give you the process okay.

You start with the conscious belief. So you pick a situation or context where you're not succeeding or you're or maybe you are succeeding right. Let's say. I won.

I'm the poster child for anger. So what you do is in this we have a sample worksheet is called a stems worksheet and the way it works is this the question begins if. I ever or when. I do.

X or something and. Then you have to consciously finish the sentence. So if. I were to say if.

I would ever let my anger out. I would hurt myself that's a conscious mind response. But. Then.

I'm gonna go and ask a question again if. I were to ever let my anger out. I would kill someone if. I ever let my tender out.

I would hate myself now as. I'm going through this process. I keep repeating the question and giving a different answer what's happening to my responses what's happening to the feeling and the intensity level of what's going on it's going to continue to do that you're gonna literally open. Pandora's box again and what's gonna happen you're gonna get to a point what's coming up doesn't make sense you're gonna want to instinctively edit it whatever remember unconscious dynamics it always feels like you're making it up it's always the.

First thing that pops out and it always you're always gonna want to edit you've got to get to that point beyond where you just add it's just coming out and there will be this emotional intensity that builds in you and that's the unconscious belief now from that point from that point you point to where you feel it and you have two choices you can frame it or you can spin it poor poet okay. These are synergistic exercises. But that's the fastest most direct way it's not going to be comfortable okay. It's not gonna be comfortable it's actually better and more useful many times for somebody to guide you through that process right.

And. Then you spin that away and. Then all of a sudden even though you're dealing with colors and feelings rather than believe you know articulated beliefs the moment the the program is reversed the perspectives change it's very very weird and. I wish.

I could explain it explain it in multiple different ways and none of them are mutually exclusive. But that is that it's called stems because every time it goes back to an old principal called a law correspondence every part of human experience is a translation of vibrational data our electromagnetic impulses imprinted on the vibrational matrix okay. Basically think. DVD songs player right.

When we process information we process things individually in each cortex. So everything we experience has a set of colors it has a set of emotions it has a set of sounds and scents and they're each processed by a different part of our brain the building blocks of those experiences are the computer language that the neurology runs on. So what happens is every feeling in your body is going to have a color that correlates to it every color that you imagine will have a feeling that correlates to what. I'm doing in that process is.

I'm activating more and more of the neurology by having you translate from one cortex to the other when. I have you physically point to it. I've taken an external objective sensory apparatus and directed it inward to an internal subjective sensory apparatus whether linked both your inner senses in your outer senses when. I take it out and move it.

I'm literally at below below the threshold of the neocortex the nervous system doesn't make a distinction between something that's vividly imagine it's something that's tangibly being manipulated it's sending a very tactile visceral message through all the different peripheral. Cortex's of the brain it's creating a massive massive neurological synergy ok. When. I start to elicit color when.

I start to elicit sounds feelings smells. I am activating more and more parts of the brain that amplify and synergize the amount of juice flowing through that system if you wouldn't and it doesn't really matter whether you think of that process as being an energetic one or purely neurological it works the same know whatever you generate is right. Because that's the system you human beings have two sets of codes that their neurology runs on one is generically every human being on the planet has how many people here when they took. A picture and we dip behind him the went away raise your hands look.

Around you every freaking human being in this room went away and yet. I guess if. I were to ask you there's a place somewhere around your body where you store things that were true once. But are no.

Longer true like. I went to. Third grade once. But.

I don't anymore if you can picture that right. And it was floating somewhere in the space around you reach out and touch it and just keep your hands there we should. First impression reach out and touch it now look. Around you how many people's hands are in the same spot that's idiosyncratic coded you have a personal code everybody here has a computer right.

This means yes. How many people you have a computer with a desktop how many people here have a desktop like mine where there's. So much on the desktop you can't find it you're gonna keep yourself in a minute. So where did.

Tracey go water okay. Our community is that thing running okay. Good it's a long walk back to. California especially with no.

Shoots all right. Now we're gonna learn about how to drive and this is a cool tip. I've actually used enough therapeutically how many people are familiar with my technique known as the gray room which by the way. I did not invent the.

Great. River if you're not you will become intimately familiar in it someday maybe. I'm nice to you this is not the gray room. But it has a lot of very similar processes it gives you much more versatility over your own neurology okay.

I close up a few more loops with this real quick how many people will remember when. I was talking about movies and how my favorite movies were come by our superhero movies well my favorite superhero movies are. Ironman and also. I like.

Mission. Impossible. Mission. Impossible musical and.

Marvel's agents and there's very specific reasons why. I like those movies get that time. I'm kidding actually because they all use virtual reality you ever notice when. Coulson's doing this thing and a computer there's no.

Physical computer it's all a hologram and he's exploding there. Tony. Stark especially in. Ironman like three right.

Where he's walking through that disaster area and he's moving that aside he's moving this aside he's bringing opening this up and he's pushing this down he's making this small been that cool guess where it came from your nervous system everything human beings do with their technology is a mirror of what we do with our neurology. So when. I reach an eye point to where. I feel something and.

I reach out and touch it what did we do we made it bigger like a touchscreen we made a smaller what happened dissipate didn't that most how many of those want the feeling got smaller it dissipated or. I got a smaller right. Here's the model that. I want you to get.

First and foremost people were asking me about proprioceptive influence who asked about proprioception okay. The. First thing you need to know there is a electromagnetic field around the body that is highly aware and highly sensitive. But it is entire most entirely pre conscious can i play with you strong like bull.

So what should. I mean. Chapra. Chapra it's a pleasure welcome to my world won't you come on in how many have seen where.

I've made people dance like a marionette this is a weird thing right. Okay. If. I'm gonna there's this thing with there's this thing in our world we call reactants right.

Reactants is that what. I call the you factor it's that instinctive pushback that we give any time we perceive a threat to our sense of personal freedom or autonomy if. I push on. Joffrey he pushes back he gets rigid if.

I pull on him he wants to resist that right. Why because. Joffrey is his own machine and. David is his own machine right.

But if. I understand that this grid that surrounds the human body we'll start with something. I can basically see it probably people at home are gonna be pissed off you'll see this because they can't see on the team right. There's a grid there's a there's a field of energy or field of sensitivity around our body that feeds information directly into his nervous system pre consciously if.

I try to impose my will on his he gets strong in a response to that even before he's conscious of it his neurology creates resistance just and a little bit more appear side by side okay. So if. I. But if.

I can love on. Joffrey and. I eliminate that that difference between self and other we're no. Longer.

David in. Joffrey weird all free. I'm. California anymore.

But. Then what an interesting thing that happens is that if. I bend my knees he bends his knees if. I bend over he bends over if.

I take a step he takes a step he doesn't know why the he just did that and he doesn't think to resist is that weird that's the power of your appropriate session on a physiological level if he and a lot of these people have seen this where if he puts his hand out nice and strong you guys all see muscle testing right. I don't like muscle testing in fact. I think it's it's really a stiff time because there's. So many ways to bias this test.

Then it makes it almost you got to be like. Saint. Gerard or something to freakin do this. But if.

I if. I press on this and. I'm again it's a test not a contest and. I interrupt the energy pattern it falls down weird huh okay.

But. I don't have to interrupt it here right. You have he's acupuncture. So.

I can. I can use juror jargon with him right. There's an energy. Meridian that runs up the center does by it's called the conception vessel it runs from the base to the head right.

If it flows this way everything is nice and strong right. But he gets you've never had that done me before how about know what you're talking about right. So yeah that's that's okay. But it gets weirder gets weirder as if.

I think. I shouldn't. I shouldn't front don't you. But happen right.

Daughter what's going on here is is the fact that your proprioceptive system is constantly interacting with everybody else's proprioceptive grid around you and it's impacting you on multiple levels simultaneously without your conscious knowledge okay. So a lot of my job as a teacher in addition to show you really cool that you can fun with people in a good way we're the good. Jedi. I did my time as.

Darth. Schneider. I'm just. Jedi.

David now something. I manage it. I take it you're constantly being influenced on multiple levels of your neurology information is being processed and it's influencing how you perceive and move through the world in many many ways simultaneously too many to track when. I teach classes on psychic self-defense and.

I kind of laugh because there's. So many windows if you don't know them all you're done if you think you're gonna surround yourself away light that's gonna protect your weenie ass. I'm gonna comment punching a head white light won't protect you right. Every level the idea behind a fully evolved human is we can we can move to these different levels of information and interact with them as an act of will and as well yeah cultivated well created well that means your imagination and your will have to come here and linked together synergistically we talked about this in terms of my ability to influence other people that's why.

I can walk up to people grab your picture moving behind you because when. I walk up to you my. Bluetooth syncs up with your. Bluetooth and if.

I see your ship and. I move it your mirror neurons will pick it up and move your it's not energetics it's neurology that's how many neurons work they take whatever comes in through the five senses and reproduce and mirror what it sees. So that you intuitively understand what's being done could. I say you're getting moving your energy field behind you yes.

I could they're not mutually exclusive. But some people can wrap their heads around things more. So than a more scientific foundation and have a little bit more of a new-age white light foundation they're not mutually exclusive. But we can prove this the other one we can that make sense this is we can prove.

So we start with what we can prove we start with what we know and we just keep working until we figure out the dynamics. But this system isn't is a sense is it also in addition to being a sensory mechanism sensory field around your body it is an information storage and retrieval system understand that it is an information storage and retrieval system the two biggest divisions of this system are your anterior plane and your posterior plane in other words everything by just gives you cover you slip in slice my body everything in the front hemisphere of my body and everything in the back hemisphere two biggest distinctions we need to make anything that is in the posterior on the anterior hemisphere of your body is active anything that is stored the posterior plane of your body is inactive. I equate this with the place that you put your taxes new taxes. I just came at the reason out here was not to see you just one of the high points of my trip the real reason.

I came out here was to actually meet with my dad's financial advisors because apparently my manifest nation really works and if. I don't manifest some tax write-offs really soon. I'm gonna manifest the big audit and a bloody byte. So.

I'm gonna you know. I just didn't get all mode you just gonna have to deal with me all right. My point is each year we go through a process of collecting receipts paying bills doing all these things and in a certain time in every year we get all that together and we organize it we tally it up we put it on a form we cry a lot we curse and hate. Obama and whoever other people are involved in we think is the problem.

But we write that check whiteboard. But nail it on hope we never hear back right. Except with a check which it always is always nice right. But if you're like me you get a check for like two dollars and 85 cents and.

Then you get with another request for penalties because they miss my little check. But. Anyway. But you're left with this big box of stuff right.

It's got all your receipts everything's nice and neatly organized. But you know how to get rid of it right. You got to keep that for seven years that's some of my relationships. So what do we do we find a place where we can stick it works for all intents and purposes is gone.

But if we ever need to go back and find something we know where to find it that's this anything that is behind you is done the further back it goes the more done er it gets until it disappears will horizon and every now and any innocent of a toilet flush okay. Now what's really cool about my clinic is we share a wall with the women's restroom. So every now and. Then when.

I say you're gonna get rid of you mean other salads or toilets flushing and that lets you know that other people are getting their - in their own way utilize everything utilize everything. But for neurologically speaking ladies and gentlemen anything that you moved from the front of your body to behind you goes from active to inactive it no. Longer has any direct active relevance to the nervous system okay. Got that.

So far that's why. I had you move that picture around right. You made it big a hole right. You pulled it close at home and you wrapped it around you did that up through.

I'm like what the that's what you did right. That was me showing you the beginnings of how to control your neurology each and every one of you is walking around with a desktop that is cluttered and littered and full of open files that are just in the wrong place and you forgot to close. So if you could imagine standing in the center of that holodeck like. Tony.

Stark does and all around you our pictures represent the feelings in your body that are open files if you could just point to where you feel it reach out and touch the picture you just gain massive control over it massive control if there's things that you want more often make the picture bigger move it closer to your body the way this works in the generic human nervous system size matters she said size matters proximity matters remember. I talked about this thing called identification remember that the things that we identify with control us guys remember that okay. The closer things move to the core of the body for those you've studied. Taichi you may have the concept of the.

Taiji pole it's an energy system that houses your spirit as your images get bigger or in this case move closer to the core of your body they become more intense because you become more identified with them if you start to lose the distinction between something and self understand that on a neurological coding level got me. Then obviously the inverse is true ass it moves away even if it's in front of us it has less and less and less impact we lowered the volume the intensity of the experience now in no. Time that. I ask any of you what was going on in your pictures did.

I it doesn't matter because it's not the story at this level that's important it's how that representation the representation of that experience was built how it was encoded on the. DVD we changed what's encoded on the. DVD we change how your nervous system plays it and you have every right. And every permission and every ability and authority and responsibility to edit those things.

So that they only make your life better if you do an inventory of your thoughts your ideas and your beliefs you come across any thought any memory any situation that isn't improving your life change it because they're not real and. I'm gonna be very clear when. I say what. I mean by they're not real the events that happen to you whether they were shitty events or wonderful events each thing is a discrete moment in time each thing is a discrete event that happened and each memory is a recording of that one thing that happened one time and it's gone the only thing that remains is the recording your neurology made of it the.

DVD and neuroscience social psychology and all kinds of other ologies out there have dramatically demonstrated that are the memories we have change as time goes on. So the memories you're carrying around for the. Last 20 30 40 years people killing your pet your favorite pad or beating you up at the bus stop aren't even accurate they're not even the real thing anymore they're not even close they change every time and revisit them now they're gonna do that on their on why not take control of it and decide what memories you have and how and to only have memories that make your life better that's your responsibility right. You wouldn't let your desktop and get overrun by unless you're me yes.

Had a question okay. So our responsibility in our might in the world according to. David. I look.

At people very in a very different way. But everybody that. I meet goes through the world the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their backs and it's the difference between the thrust of the engine and the drag of the in the drag of the anchor that determines how far in life you get how fast if all we most people just want put more energy in the engine more nitrous more high-octane fuel which just creates more drag if you think about it if all you did was cut the angers you take off like a rocket this is how you can begin to do that because the amendment every memory that you have really it's just a recording of an event that happened in your life once. I got beat up at the bus stop a lot when.

I was a kid for years. I can't remember you getting pissed off and getting people hurt feeling angry well. I only got beat up in the bus stop once by those people. But every time.

I remember it yes. It was beating me up that's like saying. I hate this. DVD let's watch it again no.

That's sucked yeah it still sucks let's put it on the. P oh yeah it sucks that's what we're doing. So the. First rule is a if your memories aren't making your life better change them because nobody else cares the.

Second big myth that keeps us stuck is that our memories are us that our memories are us we are who we are because of our memories of course you're not who you are because of your memories not really mark because each other how you chose to think about your memories. Then what you chose or not chose not to do with them you're much more than a set of. DVDs that you playing that's like the deed taking a. DVD plopping in clear go that's me that's all.

I am are you let's play games you close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that berth out with a side deeper deeper with every breath you take every be very hard. I just want you to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relax them to the point where they're. So loose olam.

So relaxed that you couldn't actually open them up put in tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed all. I want you to do is get modal test just to be sure. Then stop testing let that alone a little ization all the way down the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take every beat of your heart all. I want you to do is just relax let go any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of a busy meeting room environment.

I would tell people walking up and down doing cool things with cool people they want to stir your distract you in any way in fact all they'll do is cause you to relax and go even deeper into this process because the deeper you go the better you feel and the better you feel the deeper you go now in a moment not happen in just a moment. I would like you to imagine your favorite room in your favorite place and in that room. I want you to imagine that you're sitting there on your favorite chair couch and you're watching television and you're watching television and it's something really cool something you really like and what. I want you to do.

I want you to imagine that you can literally have another part of you step outside of that you watching television. So you can literally watch yourself watching television and notice how that changes your perspective notice how that changes how you feel and. Then when you know you've got that take a breath and on the exhale. I want you to imagine that part of you could step out of that cell watching yourself watching television and notice how that.

Hey and. Then. I want you to do is. I want you to imagine that another part of it could float up out of that version of yourself into me into the ceiling and seeing the world looking down at that whole scene from the ceilings perspective watching yourself watching yourself watching yourself watching television and.

Then what. I want you to do is get another piece where. I'd like you to move to one of the walls and observe that part of you of the ceiling observing that part of you watching yourself watching yourself watching yourself. TV and.

Then. Finally. I want you to imagine that your the television and you're looking out looking at you watching television looking at you watching yourself watching yourself watching television and follow that whole daisy chain of prospective perceptual positions and just allow yourself and whatever way you want to to become aware of all simultaneously and answer this one question for me which one's the real and when the truth of what. I just asked you dawns on you begin to reintegrate those different layers of yourself feeling yourself becoming more fully back into the room more fully integrated identifying synergized energized and harmonized body and soul feel what it's like to steadily back into that body complete where realizing or than your memories you're more than your mind although you have these things or something far greater far pure and when you start to realize the truth that there's a very distinct difference between the things you are and the things you have and the things that you do you can begin to realize that you are all-powerful inside your mind lines and astral starts because any change that you make on the enzyme anything you can act out anything you can imagine the must must must become expressed in the outer world when you know you've got that allow your eyes.

To open fully back noticing how good you somebody's having a good time over there round of applause why'd you learn would you discover who you want to be would you learn we really good sure can write any epiphanies a hazor. Oh. My gods. I saw you clapping what were you getting all excited about that's cool anything that you identify with controls you anything you dis identify from you gain control over its a perceptual shift okay.

And as it relates to proprioception that's again on a structural neurological level au code identification and volume this size and proximate make sense your nervous system is the largest most powerful question-answering mechanism on the planet if. I want to engage and create more absorption in the process all. I do is ask for more information the nervous system will supply it the nervous system only supplies to the conscious mind the information that is requested. I call that the somatic search engine concept when.

I haven't point to where you feel it every single aspect of that experience is already being activated. But it's preconscious there's an aperture between the conscious mind and the unconscious mind when. I take the feeling and. I change it into a color.

I've asked the neurology will give me the color that goes with that. I could just as easily take that color. Sam notice how much it weighs. I smell it and the neurology would give me that information and the more that.

I get the more absorption. I create for 99% of the things. I do. I never have to go beyond color.

But. I could okay. The more real you make these things the more engagement you facilitate the more powerfully you engage all of you. But if there's some part of your hand/eye going on again or.

I'm gonna steal that. I mean that's the part that's holding you back now you'll still get change you still get changed because we bypassed that if you were quiescent in the chair and somebody would just delivering hypnotic suggestions to you it may not work as well. But because all the information is synergistic it's it's all in this it's all directed at the same outcome. But it's coming in through multiple different levels of the cortex it simultaneously it doesn't matter what you've consciously believe the problem we have is hypnotist this is for you hypnotist and neuro linguistic programming in the room is we leave the biggest part of the unconscious mind activated the body the body is the largest piece of your unconscious mind.

I said that it has no. Thoughts. Last year 80% of all the time you mean the body's unconscious it's a dead dog moment right. But it's true.

So much power and when in doubt pretend just like when you were a little kid you'll get the change now questions on any of this this means yes. This means no. This means. I have a question yes.

You said the things that we associate what if it's something that we want to do how do we disassociate from it to make it now you just. First of all you'd have to look. At reason people this good question the reason a lot of people lose motivation for things is they they stop thinking about what that activities going to get them and start focusing on the activity itself like there's something you want to do right. But.

I'm betting that it's not that thing that you want to do it's the result of that thing - right. The result. I want a particular result well. First of all you want to you want to recognize where is that feeling in that case you may want to actually amplify become more associated with it since a lot of times is when we fully associate sometimes we check ourselves a thing that we've already got it.

So one of the things that we do is we actually pretty we imagine our time in the future when we have it we step into that body and we live that life and and see what it's really really like to be in that place and. Then depending on what level of mental acumen we have we back out of it. So like say this is the moment. I've achieved it.

I might actually go three or four months beyond that and see how the lives continue to improve. So now. I know that that's not the endpoint and. Then.

I'll back on one step at a time what's the step. I took. Just right. Then.

I took. Right. Before. I got here what's the stuff.

I got right. Before. I got here right. Back here all the way back to the present moment this is assuming you've cleaned up your that's dragging you back all right.

So what happens is remember the unconscious mind in order to conceive of something must generate all the possibilities that would allow for it to happen the technical term in neuro-linguistic speak is anything that presupposes a trance causes a transfer. So if. I think of an event it acquires certain things to happen the neurology will find a way to create a tentative plan that would allow for that that concept to emerge even though it may not be consciously aware. But we'll go to that point and.

Then we back up and we bring those feelings and those learnings consciously and unconsciously with us we create literally a memory of the future like programming coordinates into the. GPS and the amount of times the neurology actually brings a about is scary. I have other things that work even better. But this is a very rural linguistic way of doing that same thing.

But what you do is when you back out of it you leave an image of yourself there. So now in any act of stepping out you've gone from associated which is having it to dissociate it which means you haven't gotten it yet and that kind of pulls you forward. So again different ways that you can run this neurology does that make sense okay. But in terms of cleaning up our desktop and things like that because that's what we're going right.

We need to organize our neurology we need to organize the dashboard that's running our systems. So the way this works is we're going to pretend to go into the deepest trench humanly possible right. And what. I'm gonna do is.

I'm going to count from 1 to 5 maybe. I'll just do a demo and. Then we'll we'll let you guys do it as a group exercise to the demo. First alright.

Who would like to get their clean who raised their hands again okay. So it's okay. Beyond character up scene okay. Cool.

So. Peter what like him is your feet will remain strong beneath you unless you'd like reverse it alright. So close your eyes. Take a deep breath in deeper in the neighborhood every breath you take you know.

I'd like you to do is relax guided by the sound of my voice any sound you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our environment they're not gonna disturb you in any way in fact all they're going to do this cause you to relax to focus to play pretend and to learn to do something really really cool not a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna ask you to leave your physical eyes. Closed all the way down.

But. I'd like you to open and close your imaginary eyes. So while your physical eyes. Have been closed all the way down each and every time.

I say open your imaginary eyes. All the way up. I want you to imagine your eyes. That way big and wide you can see the world clearly and every time you close those imaginary eyes.

All the way down. I want you to imagine your eyes. Closed down your mind going deeper into enjoy the process of allowing this. First time we do it you're gonna go twice as deep as you are now.

Second time we do it that's right. We're gonna go 110 times deeper than we are now the. Third time we do it we're going to go three times deeper or maybe even further as deep as you can go today open those imaginary eyes. All the way up close those imaginary all the way down deeper opening those imaginary nice all clothing goes guys all the way up imaginary that's all one hundred times deeper drifting dreaming floating flying now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. Peter. I'm gonna ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours and. I'm gonna ask you to do that in a very special way in a mo.

I'm gonna ask you to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z with each letter starting with the letter. Z and working backwards all. I'd like you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind make them smaller darker harder to see turn the volume that's right.

Now. I can't do this for you only you can do this it's still going to happen when you know they're going just allow them this finger that. I'm touching right. Here to float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and what can't in perfect now go ten times deeper and deeper still no.

In a moment and. I get in just a moment. Peter. I'm gonna let's count from five to one as.

I reached the number one you're gonna find yourself standing in a really freaking cool place it's like a virtual reality bubble and you're the very center that will almost like the access of the globe and the front hemisphere of your body. I'm gonna snap my when. I snap my fingers you're going to see pictures and images and files floating all around you in space and some are going to be very big and some are going to be very small some are gonna be positive experiences that you consciously remember and understand some are gonna be unconscious experiences that you remember and understand and you'll be able to tell very very discreetly which are the ones that are good which are the ones that are less than good things you want to change things you want to get rid of it and you're gonna realize that it's the rear portion during hemisphere of your mind and body it is that place where you store all those things that were true no. Longer true that no.

Longer have any relevance for you or any impact on your life whatsoever things you consciously understand and things you unconsciously understand remember. So five feel yourself going deeper that deeper and deeper almost like there's a little elevator taking it down to this top secret chamber where the special lighting and the special instrumentation allows you to reach out and work with those whole perhaps those things that have been recorded and stored in your mind and body without your conscious knowledge without your conscious consent awaiting that time when you can go deep inside make the changes necessary before three two as you look. Around with your inner eyes. You can see floating all around you all of the images all squares all the pictures connected to the feelings in your body there are not some of the things you want to change things you want more of when you see those pictures.

Peter all. I want you to do is just nod your head now what. I want you to do is. I want you to know that there are some distinct ways that you can tell the good stuff that you want to keep from the bad stuff or the not-so-great stuff that you want to get rid of.

I want you to find one of those pieces of information that's a less than positive experience maybe on a scale of you know zero to three something like that and. I want you to just point to where that. I want you to reach out and touch that picture excellent and notice that there's a feeling connected to that picture somewhere in your body take your other hand and point to it this is your. First impression that's right.

Now what. I want you to do is take both of your hands and grab that picture if you would and just to make sure it's the right. One pull it closer to your body and tell me what happens what's there were some experiences there were some lessons that this particular experience had to teach you things that were worth keeping what. I want you to do is.

I want you to put a big thick black frame around it and. Then just like we did with the earlier experiences find that knob that controls the brightness the whiteness or the blackness turn all the way to the right. Until the image whites out notice how that makes you feel and. Then turn all the way to the left until even to blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better excellent black it out completely now what.

I'd like you to feed on with the index finger of your dominant hand. I want you to just right. Across that blanked out screen just like you would take the stylus and right. Across it on a tablet right.

Everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and write as much or as little as you need to until you know they have gone at all when you know you've got it all just nod your head. Chloe excellent shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp have it float up over the top of your head back behind the horizon and you know the sound and nail gun makes or a toilet flushing. Then all that sucker all the way back there until you know it's locked back that when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back and notice what happens instead perfect now what.

I want you to do is. I want you to take a tour of your body notice how there anything excellent. I want you to find another one of those squares that represents something you want to get rid of or something you want less of reach out and touch the square notice where the feeling connected to that square lives in your body point there that's right. And all.

I want you to do is put a big big black frame around it wipe the image out or black the image out completely whichever one works best for you now you may notice as you go through this process as you continue to go through this process you may notice feelings and emotions come up remain those bodily sensations happening that's just a sign of your neurology changing itself just allow it to happen just realize it's part of the process and try to measure it know try to manage it just relax and realize the process is only making you better and. Then. I want you to write across that screen everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep those lessons and let the rest go the screen will scroll.

So you can write as much or as little as you want whatever comes up doesn't get it on that screen sometimes people write with both hands simultaneously it's almost like they're reading. Hebrew in. English at the same time sometimes you don't have to consciously know what you're writing. I do this with back pain all the time people think that they have to know they don't part of you always knows when you know you've got to turn it down the size of a postage stamp float it up over the top of your head all the way back behind their eyes.

When you know what's back there nail it back there you know it's locked in try to bring it back notice what happens instead let's do it excellent we're gonna do one more less than positive experience just. So. I know you know how to do this find something else you want to change reach out touch it point to where that feeling connected to that picture lives in your body that's right. Put a big black frame around it blak be in the job completely that's right.

And. Then right. Sit on that screen and just keep writing to you know they're done shrink it down over the top of your head all the way back behind that horizon excellente when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead perfect now that's how you handle all the you want to get rid of all the that you want to be no. Longer active in your life.

But there's a lot of stuff floating around out here that you really know that you want to be stronger more joyful more powerful. So what you to find one of those it's kind of hanging out reach out and touch it trace the edges of the woods both of your hands. So you know how big it is that's good. I want you to put a buoy actually.

I want you to keep the frame off of it. But. I want you to notice just like that other frame you can make it bigger or smaller you can pull it closer or move it away and. I want you a to write whatever lessons this experience how to teach you.

But. Then. I want you to put that picture where keep the mouse forever makes you forget him best that's right. Just put it deep inside notices it works this way deeper and deeper into your neurology actually enters your bloodstream and actually enters your heart it goes to every place that your blood goes and it installs itself like a program changing modifying accepting that new program jettison purging deleting removing anything that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions observe the process taking place when you know what's locked in impossible to go back try to turn it off and notice what happens instead that's right.

By the. Next positive experience you want more off. Tracy edges up with both of your hands point where you feel it in your body once again right. Whatever lessons need to go on that screen amplify that image amplify the size shape color whatever it is.

I make it the best ever and. Then put it where you like it the best we're gonna get the most good that's right. Just right. Inside bones observe that process taking place they fail often impossible the bad try to turn it off and notice what happens perfect job grab another one of those happy things happy happy joy enjoy a happy happy joy you know what to be okay.

Keep going. Junior ology you're allowed to feel as good as you want yes. That it's soaked right. Yeah that's right.

And it become a natural part of the way you see yourself in the world and everyone in it. But. I become a filter that guides you throughout all the coming days and weeks and months of the year itself in when you know you've got it try to turn it off and notice what happens is that yeah that's right. Sweating bullets and he's really processing the hell out of this excellent now here's what.

I want you to do here it's a very simple process isn't it. I want you to go through every part of this desktop. I want you to find everything that needs to go. I put it a little bit work will no.

Longer affect you in any way except to make your life better. I take all the other things and put them in their proper place take all the time you need the. Next few minutes to make those changes organize that desktop and test each one to make sure they're locked in realizing you can make any changes you want you can guide your neurology you can guide your nervous system through this interface anytime you want anytime you need to because that's your right. As a human being that's your power and your privilege with a pulse and a nervous system who now understands how to talk and communicate.

So just go through that process and when you know you're done just nod your head to let me that's right. All the way back there just here that's. Dondre the idiom goes fast as you want it's not about speed well done you sure make sure. I'm gonna kick your ass if you're lying to me put in just a moment.

I'm gonna count from 1 to 5. I want you to emerge from this state only if the ratings through the. Union all this dust locked in realizing you can come back here anytime you want anytime you need in fact you're going to notice it said if something else is happening within you it's as if some part of you has been immunized and not deleted vaccinated against any external influence anything that in the past might have triggered those old states you know that you've been processed and reorganized it's like you've been immunized just like. I have zero effect on you zero impact on you any person in place anything any circumstance that in the past was linked to.

Marvel's old fuse it's completely irrelevant to you has no. Effect on you their ability to impact you negatively in any way without your conscious consent without your conscious permission that's my gift to you for being such a great subject it's showing these people powerful don't wanna feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you know who's haven't me to this. Peter you're the one that knows is follow the instructions obey the commands tested the results my rewards number two all my suggestions for meeting you from you your very own unconscious mind a thousand times more powerful a thousand times more pervasive locked into that part of your neurology that most wants desires deserves your facilitate and emphasize and express these changes in all the ways that are right. Natural for you the way to consciously recognize and understand and most importantly the ways you unconsciously recognize and understand number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always these three solutions to any problem we need to solve in your other than conscious mind will easily naturally and automatically generate those solutions and the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself number four because all.

RUP you've done the work you can follow the instructions you obey the commands you certainly tested the results you deserve rewards you. Vernon the. Next county could emerge from this state only at the rate of speed that you know you've got it any of the ratings fee that every little bit mind body and soul your neurology your psychology or biology is informing will accept it to full accord full agreement processes changes alterations revelations that we've had their mind clear thinking and acting with column self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive feeling about an eight out with. Matt nine dressage.

God knows what else always feels good number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel you're very lucky ground the philosopher demanding the processing continues is missed you're gonna sit you're gonna be bubbling up for a while. So just go with it let it come up okay. The process is very simple we use our imagination with don't pretend to be a children find yourself in a really cool virtual reality bubble and basically me in a big virtual reality desktop with all kinds of cool files floating around and everything that we want to change is equally recognizable things we either will war up or things we want less up you reach out you find the thing we want to change notice where the body we feel it link them using the body modulate it manipulate it until you know exactly how you want it to be if it's something you want less up big black frame white or black the image out extract the lessons that that experience had to teach you shrink it down all the way behind you. So you know it's done when you know it's locked back they're trying to bring it back notice what happens instead everything you want more of reach out and touch it know just where in your body you feel it grab a hold of it play with it play with it till it's exactly what you want it to be and.

So key to the. Uni. Lex didn't he like die done it notice he everything just went in right. Now some of you are gonna complain.

I don't feel anything here's the tweak right. Be careful when you do this because it's worked a hundred percent of the time when you have something like say you're trying to feel pull off a feeling you feel like there's a there's a distance. So that you can't bridge it's almost like a vague notion right. Reach out and grab it slant it right.

Into your body and. Then grab it and pull it back out. I notice what happens now you'll have one of those alright. Let's do this together reach out touch the picture notice where that feeling lives grab it with both of your hands well hold it slam it right.

Into your body now grab it and pull it back out notice what you notice came up in it that's right. What happens a lot of times is when we have an event we'd sometimes build an extra layer of dissociation. So we have to reconnect the thread. So we reach out we grab it we identify with it immediately we could be established the connection pull it back out neuro-linguistic programming did not teach me that human beings taught me that because they don't follow the script.

I would tell every child touching copula about the seventh or eighth verses and. I don't feel as a grab slapped it back in. I'm feeling it now right. So that's a fast way to reestablish those gonna any ads yeah.

I warned you all right. Let it come out remember something all technique aside the only place a negative feeling can harm anyone is where you're keeping them locked inside of you we live in a culture that condemns us to disease that doesn't need to happen because it teaches us that we're bad people because we have certain thoughts that we're bad people for wanting to express certain thoughts the disease of political and correctness is the disease that causes 90% of the disease as we do that's my worldview gonna do with it or not. I don't really care if you can deal with your system what. I do with mine cool more power to you because there's a million ways to skim cab now.

I know. I pissed off the animal lovers out there right. All right. So here's what we're gonna do you guys need a break or is this we're actually coming out - coming down to the.

Last few minutes early all right. Is there anything on this list. I haven't nailed how'd. I do yes.

And you just thought of something you know we're doing this to everyone around us it's just we have different levels of effect most of your this has happened to do randomly and by default. But it's a talent and a skill that can be developed we have classes for that. But you've got to show me you're good hypnotist. First yes.

Sir anything this is mindfulness on steroids okay. The problem that we have with mindfulness is it people confuse the act of mindfulness with the end of mindfulness mindfulness is actually a preliminary training exercise for advanced alchemical work chemical meaning what we're doing marisa-san you got to run into that ambush that you're trained to run out of mindfulness is that way of doing it when you're dealing with emotional issues drama those things like that you to be mindful and fully connected to the feelings in order to release them from the body biggest critic one of my biggest among the many critiques of. NLP is that they may equate dissociation with cure they equate dissociating from an experience with curating experience and. I do not believe that my experiences show me that just because your functional doesn't mean you're fixed that make sense the only way that you're gonna fix the system is by clearing the out of the system not building another wall between the and you which is basically what's happening in most systems that focus on a dissociative element now they do it cuz it's safe it keeps you know a fairly trained dyed-in-the-wool master practitioner from actually having to actually work sorry.

So does this time all right. So we're coming up on the. Last few minutes. So here's what.

I want you close your eyes. Put your feet flat on the floor if you haven't booked your consultation be sure you do we'll be posting my events calendar in 2016 hopefully before. I leave. So we're gonna help me powered up calm for life events you'll see all the cool things you got planned down in.

San. Diego and other places take a deep breath you all have a privilege today of watching. Peter go through a process process that you haven't realized yet that you've unconsciously learned to unconsciously understand mature neurology has already begun the process of doing. But like everything it's always a good idea to link our conscious understandings with our unconscious abilities.

So that we can work together. So in a moment not yet. But in just a moment gonna ask you to focus all of your attention on the lives of your eyes. And begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relax them.

So fully. So completely make them. So completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them and when you know. Then stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper with every breath you take every meet of your heart you're something now in a moment now to get.

But in just a moment. I'm gonna ask you to leave your physical eyes. Closed all the way down. But to open and close only your imaginary eyes.

In each and every time. I ask you to open your imaginary eyes. All about what you yourself becoming more aware the room more aware what's going around you as. I ask you to close your eyes.

All the way down. I want you to go deeper inside your mind body and soul become more aware of your inner world and the interface between all levels of your neurologist that you can be fully absorbed and focused in that process and make the changes you want and have the ability to make changes in the future consciously. So hoping those imaginary eyes. All the way up clues of imaginary eyes.

All the way down deeper opening those imaginary eyes. Up all the way again closing those eyes. Ten times those imagine all the way up closing those imaginary eyes. All the way down a hundred times deeper and deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet.

But in. Justin when. I'm gonna count from one five tried five to one when. I reach the number one.

I'm gonna snap my fingers when. I snap my fingers you're gonna find yourself in that same place they saw. Peter our. Patrick or whatever we named let's go it's all good.

But you're gonna see your stuff and at the center of your universe area in the front of your body filled with all kinds of open files and pictures and movies things you consciously wanted more of things you consciously want less of things you're consciously aware of and understand and most importantly ladies gentlemen the ones you are unconsciously aware of the one that have been secretly locked inside your mind locked inside your body awaiting a time when you could come deep inside revisit those processes and experiences and tell your neurology what to do about them instead going down drifting dreaming floating for almost there three two one keep your eyes. Closed just look. Around you with your inner eyes. See all of those open files floating around on your body and there's an interesting way that your neurology delegates or designates which ones are the positive ones which ones are the ones that need to go somewhere else and all.

I'd like you to do is find one of those less than positive experiences reach out and touch it with one of your hands notice where in your body you feel and just like we worked with the. Jeopardy. I'm not fun. I want you to trace the edges of it with both of your hands the big black frame around whiten out or darken the image decide which one you like better and with the index finger of your dominant hand right.

Like you would write with a stylus on a tablet write everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing until you know you've got it all and. Then shrink that down take all the time you need this is your line in your body load it up over the top of your head all the way back behind their eyes. Well you know what's back there here you nailed all the way back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead that's right.

Then stop move on to the. Next one that's right. Work at your own pace be thorough and you may notice as you start to move things around and reorganizing systems from the inside out and as you do your neurology is gonna get rid of stuff it's gonna have different physical sensations physical symptoms emotional stuff and make them up that's okay. That's just the detox that's just a side of the neurology of reorganizing reprocessing taking charge and control and implementing those new processes those new experiences because from now and forever you're in charge you have the power you have the ability to drive your neurology and it's only going to get better.

So take all the time you need making the good ones gooder and they're not. So good ones. God preserving what needs to be kept. So you can keep safe.

But freeing you to be more of who you truly want to be about your standards and definitions instead of what was chosen for you at a time in a place where you didn't have any defenses time in a place where you didn't know any better by people who didn't know any better either people who were in themselves victims of their own unconscious programs and each night while you sleep the more you dream your other than conscious mind will take all of these learnings conscious and unconscious to apply them every level of your body every level of your soul making all the necessary changes revelations alterations and modifications. So you instantly and gradually whatever speed is right. Natural become the person who can be do and have the life you want by your standards and definitions there's a natural byproduct of this training you'll naturally discover that the words actions events in context that in the past might have cost you to do something less than bother to feel something less than posit. I'll go back to those old ways it's like part of he's been inoculated immunized people who are close to us or strangers and no.

One from this point forward has the ability to affect you in any way without your conscious knowledge your conscious permission as long as your heart condition continue to read just keep going till you know your kind and when you know you've got it all does not your head your life you can always come back you can always make more changes because there's no. Limit to perfection it's a process not an end and you can always get better let your body do whatever it's gonna do that's just how it works every one of you is unique precious and it just gets better sometimes we've got a shovel a little before we can plant the flowers take it to everybody notice how different you feel when you know you got it allow yourself to return to this room only at the rate of speed at every level of your neurology every low of your mind body and soul is in full agreement full harmony synergizing energizing harmonizing all these changes revelations education xand alterations in every way that's right. And natural your life better as the feelings come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you review them. Youkilis solved is.

Alder resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons allow your eyes. Open there's how good you feel head clear mind clear thinking and acting calm self-assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive. Wow we had a good time tonight please post wonderful things to the.

Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's thank you all we'll see you. Next time.
