Title: NLP TRAINING How To Control Your Subconscious Mind | Mind Science -Pt 3
File Name: hbiTd7TcxQM.txt
Video Id: hbiTd7TcxQM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbiTd7TcxQM

Um what we're going to talk about now do we are we right. At 15 or we got uh are we good if you're not here raise your hand okay. All right. Very cool all right.

So as. I go through this list is there anything on this list that we haven't addressed yet or hasn't been addressed yes. Sir how do we know what are dominant um okay. If you.

I'll probably have to post this as a. PDF. But. I will give you the process uh you start with the conscious belief.

So you pick a situation or context where you're not succeeding or you're or maybe you are succeeding right. Um let's say like. I one. I'm the poster child for anger.

So what you do is in this we have a sample worksheet it's called a stems worksheet and the way it works is this the question begins if. I ever or when. I do. X or something and.

Then you have to consciously finish the sentence. So if. I were to say uh if. I were to ever let my anger out.

I would hurt myself that's a conscious mind response. But. Then. I'm going to go and ask a question again if.

I were to ever let my anger out. I would kill someone if. I ever let my anger out. I would hate myself now as.

I'm going through this process as. I keep repeating the question and giving a different answer what's happening to my responses what's happening to the feeling and and the intensity level of what's going on it's going to continue to do that you're going to literally open. Pandora's. Box again and what's going to happen is you're going to get to a point where what's coming up doesn't make sense you're going to want to instinctively edit it whatever remember unconscious.

Dynamics it always feels like you're making it up it's always the. First thing that pops out and it always you're always going to want to edit you got to get to that point. Beyond where you're just at is just coming out and there will be this emotional intensity that builds in you and that's the unconscious belief now from that point from that point you point to where you feel it and you have two choices you can frame it or you can spin it or both okay. These are synergistic exercises.

But that's the fastest most direct way it's not going to be comfortable okay. It's not going to be comfortable it's actually better and more useful than many times for somebody to guide you through that process right. And. Then you spin that away and.

Then all of a sudden even though you're dealing with colors and feelings rather than belie you know articulated beliefs the moment the the the the program is reversed the perspectives change it's very very weird um and. I wish. I could explain. I could explain it in multiple different ways and none of them are mutually exclusive.

But that is it's called stems yes. Sir and you always reference or ask what color do you see yep because every time it goes back to an old principle called. The. Law of.

Correspondence every part of. Human. Experience is a translation of vibrational data or our our electromagnetic impulses imprinted on a vibrational. Matrix okay.

Basically think. DVD songs player right. When we process information we process things individually in each. Vortex.

So everything we experience has a set of colors it has a set of motions it has a set of sounds and sents and they're each processed by a different part of our brain the building blocks of those experiences are the computer language that the neurology runs on. So what happens is um every feeling in your body is going to have a color that correlates to it every color that you you imagine will have a feeling that correlates to it what. I'm doing in that process is. I'm activating more and more of the neurology by having you translate from one cortex to the other when.

I have you uh physically point to it. I've taken an external objective sensory apparatus and directed it inward to an internal subjective sensory apparatus. So. I've linked both your inner senses and your outer senses when.

I take it out and move it. I'm lit at below the below the threshold of the nail cortex the nervous system doesn't make a distinction between something that's vividly imagined and something that's tangibly being manipulated it's sending a very tactile visceral message through all the different peripheral cortexes of the brain it's creating a massive massive neurological. Synergy okay. When.

I start to elicit color when. I start to elicit sounds feelings smells. I am activating more and more parts of the brain that amplify and synergize the amount of juice flowing through that system okay. Uh if you and it doesn't doesn't really matter whether you think of that process as being an energetic one or purely neurological it works the same.

So it doesn't matter what code is say no. Whatever you generate is right. Because that's the system human beings have two sets of codes that their neurology runs on one is generic every human being on the planet has it how many people here when they took. A picture and moved it behind him the went away raise your hands look.

Around you every freaking human being in this room went away and yet and yet if. I were to ask you there's a place somewhere around your body where you store things that were true once. But are no. Longer true like.

I went to. Third grade once. But. I don't anymore right.

If you could picture that right. And it was floating somewhere in the space around you reach out and touch it and just keep your hands there. First impr. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it now look. Around you how many people's hands are in the same spot that's idiosyncratic coding you have a personal code everybody here has a computer right.

This means yes. This means. I know the answer how many people you have a computer with a desktop how many people here have a desktop like mine where there's. So much on the desktop you can't find it [Music] oh you're going to kick yourself in a minute um.

So can we where did. Tracy [Music] go water okay. Are can you is that thing running yeah okay. Good it's a long walk back to.

California especially with no. Shoes you guys having fun right. All right. Now we're going to learn about how to drive and this is a cool technique uh.

I've actually used it now therapeutically how many people are familiar with my technique known as the grey room which by the way. I did not invent the what the gry room if you're not you will become intimately familiar in it someday maybe if. I'm nice to you this is not the gry room. But it has a lot of very similar processes it gives you much more versatility over your own neurology okay.

I close a few more loops with this real quick um how many people remember when. I was talking about movies and how my favorite movies were superhero movies well my favorite superhero movies are. Iron. Man and also.

I like. Mission. Impossible the. Mission.

Impossible movies are cool and. Marvel's. Agents of sh and there's very specific reasons why. I like those movies never mind we'll get that.

I got. I'm kidding actually um because they all use. Virtual. Reality you ever noticed when coulson's doing his thing at the computer there's no.

Physical computer it's all a hologram and he's exploding or. Tony. Stark like especially in. Iron.

Man like three right. Where he's walking through that disaster area and he's moving that aside he's moving this aside he's bring opening this up and he's pushing this down he's making this small that's cool. Isn't that cool guess where it came from your nervous system everything human beings do with their technology is a mirror of what we do with our neurology. So when.

I reach and. I point to where. I feel something and. I reach out and touch it what did we do we made it bigger like a touchcreen h we made it smaller what happened what happened to the feeling they dissipated didn't they most how many you notic when the feeling got smaller it dissipated or got smaller right.

Here's the model that. I want you to get. First and foremost people were asking about proprioceptive influence who asked about propri reception okay. First thing you need to know there is an electromagnetic field around the body that is highly aware and highly sensitive.

But it is entire almost entirely preconscious uh who can. I play with um come on up you come on up here strong like bull okay. So what's your name again. Joffrey.

Joffrey it's a pleasure welcome to my world won't you come on in how many you have seen where. I've made people dance like a marionette all right. This is a weird thing right. Okay.

If. I'm gonna there's this there's this thing in our world we call reactants right. Reactant is that what. I call the you factor right.

It's that instinctive push back that we give anytime we perceive a threat to our sense of personal freedom or autonomy if. I push on. Joffrey he pushes back he gets rigid if. I pull on him he wants to resist that right.

Why because. Joffrey is his own machine and. David is his own machine right. But if.

I understand that this grid that surrounds the human body we'll start with something you can basically see probably people at home are going to be pissed off who see this because they can't see on the right. There's a grid there's a there's a field of energy or field of sensitivity around our body that feeds information directly into his nervous system preconsciously if. I try to impose my will on his he gets strong in response to that even before he's conscious of it his neurology creates resistance just stand a little bit more up here side by side okay. And.

So if. I. So if. I.

But if. I can love on. Joffrey right. And.

I eliminate that that uh difference between self and other we're no. Longer. David and. Joffrey we're doy right.

California we're not in. California anymore. But. Then what an interesting thing that happens is that if.

I bend my knees he bends his knees if. I bend over he bends over if. I take a step he takes a step he doesn't know why the he just did that cuz you took. A step and he doesn't think to resist isn't that weird.

That's. The. Power of your appropriate acception on a physiological level if he and a lot of you people have seen this where if he puts his hand out nice and you guys have all seen muscle testing right. I don't like muscle testing in fact.

I think it's it's really kind of a waste of time because there's. So many ways to bias this test. Then it makes it almost you got to be like. St.

Gerard or something to freaking do this. But if. I if. I press on this and again it's a test not a contest and.

I interrupt the energy pattern it falls down weird huh okay. But. I don't have to to interrupt it here right. You have he's an acupuncturist.

So. I can can use jargon with him right. There's an energy. Meridian that runs up the center of his body it's called the conception vessel it runs from the base to the head right.

And if it flows. This way everything is nice and strong right. But he gets you've never had this done you before. But.

I know what you're talking about right. So now that's that's okay. But it gets weirder gets weirder cuz if. I think.

I shouldn't. I shouldn't frontload you. But what the just happened right. Daughter you out there ex-wife oh yeah now what is give it a.

Big. R of [Applause]. Applause what's going on here is is the fact that your proprioceptive system is constantly interacting with everybody else's proprioceptive grd around you and it's impacting you on multiple levels simultaneously without your conscious knowledge okay. So a lot of my job as a teacher in addition to showing you really cool that you can with people with in a good way we're the good.

Jedi. I. I did my time as. Darth.

Snider. I'm just. Jedi. David now sounds like a band.

Jedi. David any um you're constantly being influenced on multiple levels of your neurology information is being processed and it's influencing how you perceive and move through the world in many many ways simultaneously too many to track when. I teach classes on. Psychic self-defense.

I kind of laugh because there's. So many windows if you don't know them all you're done if you think that you're just going to surround yourself with white light and that's going to protect your weeny ass. So. I'm going to come and punch you in a head white light won't protect you right.

Every level the idea behind a fully evolved human is we can we can move to these different levels of information and interact with them as an active will what an active will yeah cultivated will creative will that means your imagination and your will acting coherently together synergistically okay. We talk about this in terms of my ability to influence other people that's why. I can walk up to people grab your picture and move it behind you because when. I walk up to you my.

Bluetooth sinks up with your. Bluetooth and if. I see your and. I move it your mirror neurons will pick it up and move your it's not energetics it's neurology that's how mirror neurons work they take whatever comes in through the five senses and reproduce and mirror what it sees.

So that you intuitively understand what's being done could. I say getting moving your energy field behind you yes. I could they're not mutually exclusive. But some people can wrap their heads around things more that have a more scientific foundation and have a little bit more of a new age white light.

Foundation they're not mutually exclusive. But we can prove this the other one we can't that makes sense this is we can prove. So we start with what we can prove we start with what we know and just keep working until we figure out the. Dynamics.

But this system is is a sens is a also in addition to being a sensory mechanism sensory field around your body it is an information storage and retrieval system understand that it is an information storage and retrieval system the two biggest divisions of this system are your anterior plane and your posterior plane in other words everything. I just if you you thin slice my body everything in the front hemisphere of my body and everything in the back hemisphere two biggest distinctions we need to make anything that is in the poster in the anterior hemisphere of your body is active anything that is stored in the posterior plane of your body is inactive. I. I.

I. I equate this the place that you put your taxes how many people here have ever do taxes. I just came matter of fact the reason. I'm out here was not to see you that's actually just one of the high points of my trip the real reason.

I came out here was to actually meet with some of my dad's uh financial advisers because uh apparently in my manifestation really works and uh if. I don't manifest some tax. DED offs really soon. I'm going to manifest a big audit and a bloody butt.

So. I'm going to you know. I'm just in ghetto mode you're just going to have to deal with me today all right. But my point is each year we go through a process of collecting receipts paying bills doing all these things and at a certain time the end of each year we get all that together we organize it we tally it up we put it on a form we cry a lot we curse and hate.

Obama and whoever other people are involved in what we think is the problem. But we write that check wipe our butt mail it off hope we never hear back right. Except with a check which it always is always nice right. But if you're like me you get a check for like $2.85 and.

Then you get get with another request for penalties because they misfiled some. But. Anyway that's that's my life. But you're left with this big box of stuff right.

It's got all your receipts everything's nice and neatly organized. But you're not allowed to get rid of it right. You got to keep that for seven years right. That's longer than some of my relationships right.

So what do we do we find a place where we can stick it where for all intents and purposes is gone. But if we ever need to go back and find something we know where to find it that's this anything that is behind you is done the further back it goes the more dner it gets until it disappears below the. Horizon and every now and. Then you the sound of a toilet flush right.

Now what's really cool about my clinic is we share a wallet the women's restroom. So every now and. Then when. I say you're going to get rid of you may hear the sounds of toilets flushing and that lets you know that other people are getting rid of their too in their own unique way utilize everything utilize everything.

But for neurologically speaking ladies and gentlemen anything that you move from the front of your body to behind you goes from active to inactive it no. Longer has any direct active relevance to the nervous system okay. Got that. So far that's why.

I had you move that picture around right. You made it big oh right. Right. You pulled it close you wrapped it around you went you lifted that up through one what the where' it go that's what you did right.

That was me showing you the beginnings of how to control your neurology each and every one of you is walking around with a desktop that is cluttered and littered and full of open files that are just in the wrong place that you forgot to close. So if you can imagine standing in the center of that ho deck like. Tony. Stark does and all around you are pictures that represent feelings in your body that are open files if you can just point to where you feel it.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the picture you've just gained massive control over it massive control right.

If there's things that you want more of make the picture bigger move it closer to your body the way this works in the generic human nervous system [Music] matters that's what she said. Size. Matters proximity matters okay. Remember.

I talked about this thing called identification you guys remember that the things that we identify with control us you guys remember that okay. The closer things move to the core of the. Body for those of you who studied. Tai you may have the concept of the.

Tai pole it's an energy system that houses your spirit as your images get bigger or in this case move closer to the core of your body they become more intense because you become more identified with them you start to lose the distinction between something and self you understand that on a neurological coding level got me. Then obviously the inverse is true as sit moves away even if it's in front of us it has less and less and less impact we lowered the volume the intensity of the experience now at no. Time did. I ask any of you what was going on in your pictures did.

I it doesn't matter because it's not the story at this level that's important it's how that representation representation of that experience was built how it was encoded on the. DVD we changeed what's encoded on the. DVD we change how your nervous system plays it and you have every right. And every permission and every ability and authority and responsibility to edit those things.

So that they only make your life better if you do an inventory of your thoughts your ideas and your beliefs you come across any thought any memory any situation that isn't improving your life change it because they're not real and. I'm going to be very clear when. I when. I say what.

I mean by they're not real the events that happened to you whether they were shitty events or wonderful events events each thing is a discreet moment in time each thing is a discret event that happened and each memory is a recording of that one thing that happened one time and it's gone the only thing that remains is the recording your neurology made of it the. DVD and. Neuroscience social psychology and all kinds of othery out there have dramatically demonstrated that. The.

Memories. We have change as time goes on. So the memories you're carrying around for the. Last 20 30 40.

Years of people killing your your your favorite pet or beating you up at the bus stop aren't even accurate they're not even the real thing anymore they're not even close reconstruct they change every time you revisit them now if they're going to do that on their own why not take control of it and decide what. Memories you have and how and to only have memories that make your life better that's your responsibility right. You wouldn't let your desktop get overrun by unless you're me right. Yes.

You got a question okay. So our responsibility you know my in the world according to. David uh. I look.

At people very in a very different way. But everybody that. I meet goes through the world with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their backs and it's the difference between the thrust of the engine and the drag of the and the drag of the anchor that determines how far in life you get how fast if all you most people just want to put more energy in the engine more nitrous more high octane fuel which just creates more drag if you think about it if all you did was cut the anchors you take off like a rocket right. This is how you can begin to do that because the every memory that you have isn't real it's just a recording of an event that happened in your life once.

I got beat up with a bus stop a lot when. I was a kid for years. I kep remembering and getting pissed off and getting feeling hurt and feeling angry well. I only got beat up at the bus stop once by those people.

But every time. I remembered it guess who was beating me up that's like saying. I hate this. DVD let's watch it [Music] again oh that sucked yep still sucks let's put it on repeat oh yeah it sucks that's what we're doing.

So the. First rule is a if your memories aren't making your life better change them. CU nobody else cares the. Second big myth that keeps us stuck is that our memories are us that our memories are us we are who we are because of our memories poor you're not who you are because of your memories you are who you are because you.

CH how you chose to think about your memories and what you chose or not chose not to do with them you're much more than a set of. DVDs that you're playing that's like taking the taking a. DVD plopping in the player go that's me that's all. I am are you let's play a game like to play my games want said close your eyes.

Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath take and every beat of your heart. I just want you to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relax them to the point where they're. So loose. So limp.

So relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed all. I want you to do is give them a little test just to be sure and stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take in. Every.

Beat of your heart all. I want you to do is just for relax let go any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of a busy meeting room environment. Hotel people walking up and down doing cool things with cool people they won't disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they'll do is cause you to relax and go even deeper into this process because the deeper you go the better you feel the better you feel the deeper you go now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I would like you to imagine your favorite room in your favorite place and in that room. I want you to imagine that you're sitting there on your favorite chair or couch and you're watching television and you're watching television and it's something really cool something you really like and here's what. I want you to do. I want you to imagine that you could literally have another part of you step outside of that you watching television.

So you can literally watch yourself watching television and notice how that changes your perspective notice how that changes how you feel and. Then when you know you've got that take a breath and on the exhale. I want you to imagine that part of you could step out of that self watching yourself watching [Music] television and notice how that feels and. Then.

I want you to do is. I want you to imagine that another part of you could float up out of that version of your yourself into be into the ceiling and seeing the world looking down at that whole scene from the ceiling's perspective watching yourself watching yourself watching yourself watching television and. Then what. I want you to do is get another piece of your awareness.

I'd like you to move to one of the walls and observe that part of you in the ceiling observing that part of you you watching yourself watching yourself watching yourself watching. TV and. Then. Finally.

I want you to imagine that you're the television and you're looking out looking at you watching television looking at you watching yourself watching yourself watching television and follow that whole daisy chain of perspect perceptual positions and just allow yourself in whatever way you want to to become aware of all of them simultaneously and answer this one question for me which one's the real [Music] you and when the truth of what. I just asked you. Dawns on you begin to reintegrate those different layers of yourself feeling yourself becoming more fully back into the room more fully integrated identified synergized energized and harmonized and every level of your mind body and soul and feel what it's like to step fully back into that body complete aware realizing the truth that you're more than your memories you're more than your body you're more than your mind although you have these things you are something far greater far pure and when you start to realize the truth that there's a very distinct difference between the things you are and the things you have and the things that you do you can begin to realize that you are all powerful inside your mind body and soul and that's where it all starts because any change that you make on the inside anything you can act out anything you can imagine must must must become expressed in the out her [Music] world when you know you've got that allow your eyes. To open coming fully back to the room noticing how good you feel somebody's having a good time over there.

Mary give yourself a big round of applause what' you learn what' you discover be who you want to be be who you want to be what'd you [Music] learn. I can feel really good you can feel really good sure can right. Any epiphanies. AA are oh my gods.

I saw you clapping what were you getting all excited about. I just extremely happy that's cool very good fun to just be all together anything that you identify with controls you anything you disidentify from you gain control over it's a perceptual shift okay. How does this relate to propriate reception once again on a structural neurological level the way you code identification and volume is size and proximity make sense your nervous system is the largest most powerful question answering mechanism on the planet if if. I want to engage and create more absorption in the process all.

I do is ask for more information the nervous system will supply it the nervous system only supplies to the conscious mind the information that is requested. I call that the sematic search engine concept when. I have you point to where you feel it every single aspect of that experience is already being activated. But it's preconscious there's an aperture between the conscious mind and the unconscious mind when.

I take the feeling and. I change it into a color. I've ask the neurology well give me the color that goes with that. I could just as easily take that color and say notice how much it weighs smell it and the neurology would give me that information and the more of it.

I get the more absorption. I create for 99% of the things. I do. I never have to go beyond color.

But. I could okay. The more real you make these things the more engagement you facilitate the more powerfully you engage all of you right. But if there's some part of your hand going.

I don't know if this is working or. I'm going to steal that right. That's the part that's holding you back now you'll still get change you'll still get change because we bypass that if you were quiescent in the chair and somebody was just delivering hypnotic suggestions to you it may not work as well. But because all the information is synergistic it's it's all on the it's all directed at the same outcome.

But it's coming in through multiple different levels of the cortexes simultaneously it doesn't matter what you consciously believe okay. The problem we have as hypnotist this is for you hypnotists and neural linguistic programmers in the room is we leave the biggest part of the unconscious mind unactivated the body the body is the largest piece of your unconscious mind. I said that. I had no.

Thoughts. Last year 80% of the room swallowed their tongue you mean the body is unconscious it's a like a dumb moment right. But it's true. So much power there and when in doubt pretend just like when you were a little kid you'll get the change right.

Now questions on any of this this means yes. This means no. This means. I have a question ask you said the things that we associate what if it's something that we want to do mhm how do we disassociate from it to make it happen how do you just.

First of all you have to look. At the reason people this good question the reason a lot of people lose motivation for things is they they stop thinking about what that activity is going to get them and start focusing on the activity itself like there's something you want to do right. But. I'm betting that it's not that thing that you want to do it's the result of that thing right.

The result. I want a particular result. So what do. I just focus well.

First of all you want to you want to recognize um where's that feeling in that case you may want to actually amplify and become more associated with it does that sense uh the problem a lot of times is when we fully associate sometimes we trick ourselves and thinking we've already got it. So one of the things that we do is um we actually we imagine our time of the future when we have it we step into that body and we live that life and and see what it's really really like to be in that place and. Then depending on on what level of of mental. Acumen we have we back out of it.

So like say this is the moment. I've achieved it uh. I might actually go three or four months beyond that and see how the lives continue to improve. So now.

I know that that's not the end point and. Then. I'll back up one step at a time what's the step. I took.

Just right. That. I took. Right.

Before. I got here what's the step. I got right. Before.

I got here right. Back here all the way back to the present moment this is assuming you've cleaned up your that's dragging you back right. So what happens is remember the unconscious mind in order to conceive of something must generate all the possibilities that would have allowed for it to happen that the technical term in neural linguistic speak is anything that presupposes a trance causes a trance. So if.

I think of an event that it requires certain things to happen the neurology will find a way to create a a tentative plan that would allow for that that concept to emerge even though it may not be consciously aware. But when we go to that point and. Then we back up and we bring those feelings and those learnings consciously and unconsciously with us we create literally a memory of the future like programming coordinates into the. GPS and the amount times the neurology actually brings this about is scary.

I have other things that work even better. But this is a very neurol linguistic way of doing that same thing. But what you do is when you back out of it you leave an image of yourself there. So now in in the act of stepping out you've gone from.

Associated which is having it to dissociated which means you haven't gotten it yet and that kind of pulls you forward right. So again different ways that you can run this neurology does that make sense okay. But in terms of cleaning up our desktop and things like that cuz that's where we're going right. We need to organize our neurology we need to organize the dashboard that's running our systems.

So the way this works is we're going to pretend to go into the deepest trance humanly possible right. And what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to count from one to five in fact maybe.

I'll just do a demo and. Then um we'll uh we'll let you guys work we'll do it as a group exercise. I'll do the. Demo.

First would that be all right. Who would like to get their cleaned and now they're all lining up who raiseed their hands again come on okay. So what's your name is it okay. To be on camera.

Okay. Cool. So. Peter what.

I like you do is your feet will remain strong beneath you unless you'd like you prefer to sit it's up to you all right. So close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a side deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take in.

Every. Beat of your heart. Peter all. I'd like you to do is relax let.

God be guided by the sound of my voice any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our environment they're not going to disturb or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is cause you to relax to focus to play pretend like when you were a little kid and to learn to do something really really cool now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to leave your physical eyes. Closed all the way down.

But. I'd like you to open and close your imaginary eyes. So while your phys physical eyes. Remain closed all the way down each and every time.

I say open your imaginary eyes. All the way up. I want you to imagine your eyes. Opening big and wide you can see the world clearly and every time you close those imaginary eyes.

All the way down. I want you to imagine your eyes. Closing down your mind going deeper and deeper into relaxation just let it happen want it to happen enjoy the process of allowing it to happen. First time we do it you're going to go twice as deep as you are now.

Second time we do it that's right. We're going to go 100 or 10 times deeper than we are now the. Third time we do it we're going to go 100 three times deeper or maybe even further as deep as you can go today or even deeper now open those imaginary eyes. All the way up close those imaginary eyes.

All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those imaginary eyes. All the way up closing those imaginary eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still one. Last time opening those imaginary eyes.

All the way up closing those imaginary eyes. All the way down 100 times deeper drifting dreaming floating flying now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. Peter.

I'm going to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours and. I'm going to ask you to do that in a very special way in a moment. I'm going to ask you to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter. Z with each letter starting with the letter.

Z and working backwards all. I'd like you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind make them smaller darker harder to see turn the volume on all the way down that's right. Now. I can't do this for you only you can do this just allow it to happen when you know they're gone just allow this finger that.

I'm touching right. Here to float up with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll. Contin perfect now go 10 times deeper and deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

Peter. I'm going to count from 5 to one as. I reach the number one you're going to find yourself standing in a really freaking cool place it's like a virtual real reality bubble and you're the very center of that bubble almost like the axis of a globe and the front hemisphere of your body. I'm going to snap my when.

I snap my fingers you're going to see pictures and images and files floating all around you in space and some are going to be very big and some are going to be very small some are going to be positive experiences that you consciously remember and understand some are going to be unconscious experiences that you remember and understand and you'll be able to tell very very discreetly which are the ones that are good which are the ones that are less than good things you want to change things you want to get rid of you're going to realize that the the rear portion the rear hemisphere of your mind and body is that place where you store all those things that were true on that no. Longer true that no. Longer have any relevance for you or any impact on your life whatsoever things you consciously understand and remember and things you unconsciously understand and remember. So five feel yourself going deeper and deeper and deeper.

So almost like there's a little elevator taking you down to this top secret chamber work where the special lighting and the special instrumentation allows you to reach out and work with those. Holograms of those things that have been recorded and stored in your mind and body without your conscious knowledge without your conscious consent awaiting that time where you can go deep inside and make the changes necessary four going down deeper and deeper and deeper still five three two one as you look. Around with your inner eyes. You can see floating all around you all of the images all the squares all the pictures connected to the feelings in your body that are good and the ones that are not.

So good things you want to change and things you want more of when you see those pictures. Peter all. I want you to do is just nod your head excellent now what. I want you to do is.

I want you to know that there are some distinct ways that you can tell the good stuff that you want to keep from the bad stuff or the not. So great stuff that you want to get rid of. I want you to find one of those pieces of information that's a less than positive experience maybe on a scale of you know 0o to three something like that and. I want you to just point to where that.

I want you to reach out and touch that picture excellent and notice that there's a feeling connected to that picture somewhere in your body take your other hand and point to it it's your. First impression that's right. Perfect now what. I want you to do is take both of your hands and grab that picture if you would and just to make sure it's the right.

One pull it closer to your body and tell me what happens strong okay. Put it back to where it was now there were some experiences there were some lessons that this particular experience had to teach you things that were worth keeping what. I want you to do is. I want you to put a big thick black frame around it and.

Then just like we did with the earlier experiences find that knob that controls the brightness the whiteness or the. Blackness turn it all the way to the right. Until the image whites out and notice how that makes you feel and. Then turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel tell me which one you like better excellent black it out completely now what.

I'd like you to do with the do with the index finger of your dominant hand. I want you to just right. Across that blanked out screen just like you would take a stylus and write across it on a tablet write everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and write as much or as little as you need to until you know you've got it all when you know you've got it all just nod your head to let me know excellent shrink that down to the size of a postage stamp have it float up over the top of your head back behind the.

Horizon and you know the sound a nail gun makes or a toilet flushing nail that sucker all the way back there till you know it's locked back there when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back and notice what happens instead what do you notice perfect now what. I want you to do is. I want you to take a tour of your body notice how different you feel excellent. I want you to find another one of those squares that represents something you want to get rid of or something you want less of.

Reach. Out. And. Touch the square notice where the feeling connected to that square lives in your body point to it that's right.

Now all. I want you to do is put a big thick black frame around it wipe the image out or black the image out completely whichever one works best for you now you may notice as you go through this process as you continue to go through this process you may notice feelings and emotions come up you may notice bodily. Sensations happening that's just a sign of your neurology changing itself just allow it to happen just realize it's part of the process don't try to measure it don't try to manage it just relax and realize the process is only making you better and. Then.

I want you to write across that screen everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep those lessons and let the rest go the screen will scroll. So you can write as much or as little as you want whatever comes up just get it on that screen sometimes people write with both hands simultaneously it's almost like they're writing. Hebrew and.

English at the same time sometimes you don't even have to consciously know what you're writing. I do this with back pain all the time people think that they have to know they don't part of you always knows when you know you've got it shrink it down to the size of a postage stand float it up over the top of your head all the way back behind the. Horizon when you know it's back there nail it back there you know it's locked in try to bring it back notice what happens instead do excellent we're going to do one more less than positive experience just. So.

I know you know how to do this find something else you want to change. Reach. Out. And.

Touch. It point to where that feeling connected to that picture lives in your body that's right. Put a big black frame around it black the image out completely that's right. And.

Then write the lessons on that screen and just keep writing until you know they're done [Music] [Music] beautiful shrink it down put it up over the top of your head all the way back behind that [Music]. Horizon excellante when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead perfect now that's how you handle all the you want to get rid of all the that you want to be no. Longer active in your life. But there's a lot of stuff floating around here that you really want more of that you want to be stronger more joyful more powerful.

So. I want you to find one of those is kind of hanging out. Reach. Out.

And. Touch. It trace the edges of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is that's good.

I want you to put a glean actually. I want you to keep the frame off of it. But. I want you to notice that just like that other frame you can make it bigger or smaller you can pull it closer or move it away and.

I want you a to write whatever lessons this experience had to teach you. But. Then. I want you to put that picture wherever you like it the most wherever it makes you feel the best that's right.

Just put it deep inside and notice that that works its way deeper and deeper into your neurology it actually enters your bloodstream it actually enters your heart it goes to every place that your blood goes and it installs itself like a program changing modifying moving you in all the right. Ways every level of. Mind. Body and.

Soul accepting that new program and jettison purging deleting removing anything that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions observe the process taking place when you know it's locked in impossible to go back try to turn it off and notice what happens instead that's right. Find the. Next positive experience you want more of trace the edges of with both of your hands point to where you feel it in your body now once again write whatever lessons need to go on that screen amplify that image amplify the size shape color whatever it is make it the best ever and. Then put it where you like it the best where it'll do you the most good that's right.

Just go right. Inside boom observe that process taking place notice how good that feels excellent when you know it's locked in impossible to go back try to turn it off and notice what happens perfect we shall grab another one of those happy things happy happy joy joy happy happy joy you know what to do with [Music] it that's right. Keep going it's your neurology you're allowed to feel as good as you want just let it soak right. In that's right.

Let it become a natural part of the way you see yourself in the world and everyone in it let it become a filter that guide you throughout all the coming days and weeks and months of the year let it lock itself in when you know you've got it try to turn it off and notice what happens inste that's right. He's sweating bullets and he's really processing the hell out of the excellent now here's what. I want you to do. Peter it's a very simple process isn't it.

I want you to go through every part of this desktop. I want you to find everything that needs to go and put it where it'll do where it will no. Longer affect you in any way except to make your life better and take all the other things and put them in their proper place take all the time you need in the. Next few minutes to make those changes organize that desktop and test each one to make sure they're locked in realizing you can make any changes you want you can guide your neurology you can guide your nervous system through this interface anytime you want anytime you need to because that's your right.

As a human being that's your power and your privilege as a human being with a pulse and a nervous system who now understands how to talk and communicate to every part of your mind body and soul. So just go through that process and when you know you're done just nod your head to let me know that's right. All the way back there just hear that sound that's it [Music] you're doing great you can even go as fast as you want it's it's not about speed all done you sure make sure. I'm going to kick your ass if you're lying to me all right.

In a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from 1 to five. I want you to emerge from this state only at the ren speed that you know all this stuff's locked in realizing you can come back here anytime you want anytime you need in fact you're going to notice if there something else has happened within you it's as if some part of you has been immunized inoculated vaccinated against any external influence anything that in the past might have triggered those old.

States you know that you reprocessed and reorganized it's like you've been immunized it's like they'll have zero effect on you zero impact on you any person any place anything any circumstance that in the past was linked to one of those old feelings that's completely irrelevant to you has no. Effect on you zero ability to impact you negatively in any way without your conscious consent without your conscious permission that's my gift to you for being such a great subject and showing these people how powerful they really are number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a brand new reality a reality where you're the one that knows how to do this. Peter you're the one that knows who followed the instructions obey the commands tested the results the one who's earned the rewards number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own unconscious mind a thousand times more powerful a thousand times more pervasive locked into that part of your neurology that most wants desires deserves can facilitate emphasize and express these changes in all the ways that are right. And natural for you the ways you consciously recognize and understand and most importantly the ways you unconsciously recognize and understand number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and your other.

Then conscious mind will easily naturally and automatically generate those. Solutions in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concerned number four because it's all for you you've done the work. You' followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you certainly tested the results you deserve the rewards you've earned them and the right. To keep them on the.

Next count you can emerge from this state only at the rate and speed that you know you've got it only at the rate and speed that every level of your mind body and soul your neurology your psychology your biology is in full. Harmony full acceptance full. Accord full agreement of all the processes changes alterations and. Revelations that we've had a head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive feeling like you've had an 8 hour nap 9 hour massage.

God knows what else always feels good number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel you're very welcome big round of applause for the man the process has sto the processing continues it's going to you're going to you're going to be bubbling up for a while. So just go with it let it come up okay. The process is very simple we use our imagination we go and pretend to be a children we find our in a really cool virtual reality bubble and basically be in a big virtual reality desktop with all kinds of cool files floating around and everything that we want to change is equally easily recognizable things we either want more of or things we want less of we reach out we find the thing we want to change notice where in our body we feel it link them using the body modulate it manipulate it until you know exactly how you want it to be if it's something you want less of big black frame white or black the image out extract the lessons that that experience had to teach you shrink it down all the way behind you till you know it's done when you know it's locked back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead everything you want more of. Reach.

Out. And. Touch. It notice where in your body you feel it grab a hold of it play with it play with it till it's exactly what you want it to be and.

Then. So can he likes to he likeed ident notice everything just went in right. Now some of you are going to complain that. I don't feel anything here's the tweak all right.

Be careful when you do this okay. Because it's worked 100% of the time when you have some like say you're trying to pull up a feeling and you feel like there's a there's a distance. So that you can't. Bridge right.

It's almost like a vague notion right. Reach out and grab it slam it right. Into your body and. Then grab it and pull it back out and notice what happens how many people have one of those all right.

Let's do this together right. Reach. Out touch the picture notice where that feeling lives grab it with both of your hands and grab a hold it slam it right. Into your body now grab it and pull it back out and notice what happens what' you notice came up didn't it that's right.

What happens a lot of times is when we have an event we sometimes build an extra layer of dissociation. So we have to reconnect the thread. So we reach out we grab it we identify with it immediately re reestablish the connection pull it back out neurolinguistic programming did not teach me that human beings taught me that because they don't follow the script. I would tell them.

Reach. Out. And. Touch.

I don't feel it after about the 730 person said. I don't feel. I it grab it and slam it back in. I feel it now right.

So that's the fast way to reestablish those connection and yet yeah. I warned you all right. Let it come out remember something all technique aside the only place a negative feeling can harm anyone is where you're keeping them locked inside of you we live in a culture that condemns us to disease that doesn't need to happen because it teaches us that we're bad people because we have certain thoughts that we're bad people for wanting to express certain thoughts the disease of political incorrectness is the disease that causes 90% of the diseases we deal with that's my worldview you can agree with it or not. I don't really care okay.

If you can do with your system what. I do with mine cool right. More power to you because there's a million ways to skin a cat now. I know.

I pissed off the animal lovers out there right. All right. So here's what we're going to do you guys need a break or is this oh we're actually coming out to uh coming down to the. Last few minutes aren't we all right.

Um is there anything on this list. I haven't nailed how'. I do yes. You know when you did that experiment with the the anergy and you just thought of something it's just because you're strong and focus or anybody would no.

We're doing this to everyone around us it's just we have different levels of effect most of you this has happened to you randomly and by default. But it's a talent and a skill that can be developed we have classes for that. But you you got to show me your a good hypnotist. First yes.

Sir do you use anything like mindful meditation this is mindfulness on steroids okay. The problem that we have with mindfulness is it's people confuse um the act of mindfulness with the end of mindfulness mindfulness is actually a preliminary trading exercise for advanced alchemical work alchemical meaning what we're doing uh remember. I said you got to run into that. Ambush that you're trained to run out of mindfulness is that way of doing it when you're dealing with emotional issues traumas things like that you need to be mindful and fully connected to the feelings in order to release them from the body one of my biggest crit one of my biggest among the many critiques that.

I have of. NLP is that they they equate dissociation with cure they equate dissociating from an experience with curing experience and. I do not believe that my my clinical experience has shown me that just. CU you're functional doesn't mean you're fixed does that make sense um the only way that you're going to fix the system is by clearing the out of the system not building another wall between the and you which is basically what's happening in most systems that focus on a dissociative element now they do it because it's safe it keeps you know a barly trained uh died in the wool.

Master practitioner from actually having to actually work. I'm sorry someone to say something. Anyway oh okay. All right.

Um. So we're coming up on uh our. Last few minutes. So here's what.

I want you to do close your eyes. Put your feet flat on the floor if you haven't booked your consultation be sure you do uh we'll be posting my events calendar for 2016 hopefully before. I leave um. So we'll go to.

NLP power.com events you'll see all the cool things we got planned down in. San. Diego and other places close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with the side deeper and deeper.

Every. Breath. You. Take every bead of your heart you all had the privilege today of watching.

Peter go through a process a process that you haven't realized yet that you've unconsciously learn to unconsciously understand a your neurology has already begun the the process of doing. But like everything it's always a good idea to link our conscious understandings with our unconscious abilities. So that we can work together to achieve life we want the way we want. So in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids relax them. So fully.

So completely make them. So completely relaxed that you couldn't actually open them without putting more tension back into them and when you know you've got them that relaxed give them a little test just to be sure. Then stop testing let that level of relaxation flow from the top of your head all the way down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take.

Every. Beat of your heart. Let. Yourself.

Go deeper and deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to leave your physical eyes. Closed all the way down.

But to open and close only your imaginary eyes. And each and every time. I ask you to open your imaginary eyes. All the way up.

I want you to feel yourself becoming more aware of the room more aware of what's going around you as. I ask you to close your eyes. All the way down. I want you to become deeper inside your mind body and soul become more aware of your inner world and the interface between all levels of your neurology.

So that you can be fully absorbed and focused in that process and make the changes you really want and have the ability to make changes in the future consciously and unconsciously. So open those imaginary eyes. All the way up close those imaginary eyes. All the way down deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those imaginary eyes.

Up all the way again closing those eyes. All the way down 10 times deeper and deeper and deeper still opening those imaginary eyes. Up all the way up closing those imaginary eyes. All the way down a 100 times deeper and deeper and deeper still now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five. I'm sorry 5 to one when. I reach the number one.

I'm going to snap my fingers when. I snap my fingers you're going to find yourself in that same place that you saw. Peter or. Patrick or whatever his name goes.

AG go it's all good. But you're going to see your stuff and at the center of your. Universe the the area in the front of your body filled with all kinds of open files and pictures and movies things you consciously want more of and things you consciously want less of things you're consciously aware of and understand and most importantly ladies and gentlemen the ones you are unconsciously aware of the ones that have been secretly locked inside your mind locked inside your body awaiting a time when you could come deep inside revisit those processes and experiences and tell your neurology what to do about them instead five going down drifting dreaming floating flying four almost there 3 2 1 keep your eyes. Closed and just look.

Around you with your inner eyes. See all of those open files floating around your body and there's an interesting way that your neurology delegates or designates which ones are the positive ones and which ones are the ones that need to go somewhere else and all. I'd like you to do is find one of those less than positive experiences. Reach.

Out. And. Touch it with one of your hands notice where in your body you feel it and just like we worked with the jet. Von up front.

I want you to trace the edges of it with both of your hands put a big black frame around whiten out or darken the image decide which one you like better and with the index finger of your dominant hand write like you would write with a stylus on a tablet write everything that this experience had to teach you. So you can keep the lessons and let the rest go and just keep writing until you know you've got it all and. Then shrink that down take all the time you need this is your mind your body float it up over the top of your head all the way back behind the horiz. Beautiful when you know it's back there here it nailed all the way back there try to bring it back notice what happens instead that's right.

Then stop move on to the. Next one that's right. Work at your own pace be thorough now you may notice as you start to move things around and reorganize your systems from the inside out and as you do your neurology is going to get rid of stuff it's going to have different physical. Sensations physical symptoms emotional stuff may come up that's okay.

Let it that's just the detox that's just the sign of the neurology reorganizing reprocessing taking charge and control and implementing those new processes those new experiences because from now and forever you're in charge you have the power you have the ability to drive your neurology and it's only going to get better. So take all the time you need making the good ones good and the not. So good ones gone preserving what needs to be kept. So you can keep safe.

But freeing you to be more of who you truly want to be by your standards and definitions instead of what was chosen for you when a time in a place where you didn't have any defenses in a time in a place where you didn't know any better by people who didn't know any better either people who were in themselves victims of their own unconscious programs and each night while you sleep and while you dream your other than conscious mind will take all of these learnings conscious and unconscious you'll apply them to every level of your mind every level of your body every level of your soul making all the necessary changes. Revelations alterations and modifications. So that you instantly and gradually whatever speed is right. And natural become the person who can be do and have the life you want the way you want it by your standards and definitions as a natural byproduct of this training you'll naturally discover that the words actions events and context that in the past might have caused you to do something less than positive feel something less than positive or go back to those old ways have no.

Effect on you any longer it's like part of you's been inoculated immunized made invulnerable and immune to the negativity of others people who are close to us or strangers and no. One from this moment forward has the ability to affect you in any way without your conscious knowledge without your conscious permission for as long as your heart continues your lks continue to breathe just keep going till you know you've got it all and when you know you've got it [Music] all just. Nodge your head let me know realizing you can always come back you can always make more changes because there's no. Limit to.

Perfection it's it's a process not an end and you can always get better that's it let your body do whatever it's going to do that's just how it works every one of you is unique precious powerful and it just gets better sometimes we got to shovel a little before we can plant the flowers take a tour of your body notice how different you feel when you know you've got it allow yourself to return to this room only at the rate and speed that every level of your neurology every level of your mind body and soul is in full agreement full. Harmony full. Accord synergizing energy izing harmonizing all these changes. Revelations educations and alterations in every way that's right.

And natural for you only in ways that make your life better as the feelings come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons when you know you got allow your eyes. To open take a look. Around notice how good you feel head clear mind clear thinking and acting with calm self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive.

Take. Time come on back wow if you had a good time tonight please post wonderful things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time post to somebody else's thank you all we'll see you. Next time.
