Title: Psychological Secrets for Success, Wealth, Health, and Happiness
File Name: hbocfNwk8hY.txt
Video Id: hbocfNwk8hY
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbocfNwk8hY

Good afternoon my friends welcome to secrets of personal transformation mental training secrets for health self success and happiness i'm your host the deliriously delightful and often deranged david snyder welcome to the world according to david as is um. So often our case uh it's a it's my honor to be here we just got back from an amazing nine intensive days out in las vegas where we talk about an integrative nlp and hypnosis class uh today is going to be a pretty full schedule. So if you are. First of all a couple of we've got a bunch of things before i go into the what i lovingly call the david dog and pony show there's a few um administrative things that i'd like to get out of the way um before beforehand.

First of all if you're used to uh like every every webinar that we do is about delivering as much in useful and actionable information to you as humanly possible it's not a 90 minute tease you for for for you know an hour and 15 minutes and. Then send you home hungry unless you buy our 20 000 uh home study course there will be an offer as is always the tradition to offer you the. Next step in your training. But our goal in in this webinar as is in all of our our online classes is to give you something that you can take out into the world and start using today and and that is is truly uh my goal.

So a couple of things. First and foremost um a if politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you when would now be a good time to find some other use for the. Next 90 90 minutes to three and a half hours um. Second of all uh my goal is never to offend anyone.

But it is i i i might i do have an intention whether conscious or unconscious to provoke everyone especially those people who have a severe case of political correctness stuffed up their rectum uh. So i'll often say things i don't actually believe just to piss them off. So if you're one of those you might want to consider finding other pastures right. That being said i like to have fun with what we do in fact you're going to discover very very quickly that playfulness and fun is by far the most empowering state for everything that we're going to do and talk about today.

So for those of you who are watching us through youtube i can see you in the chat very very well. But there is a lag time between when my words and my my video reaches the platform and and when i can actually respond if i do not respond it is not because i don't want to it's because your [ __ ] moved. So fast i didn't see it and which brings us to kind of the. Next level of today.

First and foremost our people on this webinar are going to fall into two groups two general groups people who are veterans of planet david people who've been around for a while been members of the channel who've been coming to our trainings or watching our online videos and that's cool i'm gonna need your help today okay. Then there's the other group those of you who are coming to coming at us for the. First time right. Um there's trolls in every crowd and don't worry we'll ignore those or whatever.

So um. But the bottom line is if you are a first-timer please type in your name and. First time and what you kind of like to take away from today's seminar just go ahead take a minute or two type that in the chat and write it down by the way on a piece of paper off to the side or on your on your monitor or whatever because we're going to be circling back to those things it's part of what we're going to be doing today okay. Those of you who are veterans of planet david i'm going to need you today because there's going to be lots of people asking lots of questions in both chats both on youtube both on on our zoom interface and what i need you to do is i need you to watch for those questions and if i miss the question or it's a question you have experience in don't answer a question that you haven't had an experience dealing with out in the real field because people don't want to know about a theory they want to know what actually worked for people who don't have a vested interest in promoting their services and what have you um and that's the other thing is one of the coolest things about what we do with nlp power and the speed transformation super highway as i like to call it aka planet david is that you don't have to believe a single freaking thing that uh that i teach you all you gotta do is do it uh the system works whether you believe in it or not uh the only difference between you know buying in fully and not is just the amount of repetitions that you have to do it's really cool uh.

So we're gonna be covering some of the most powerful principles and concepts and i'm hoping that regardless of whether you're coming to us for the. First time or whether you've been around planet david for a while uh we're gonna try and put things together for you in a way that makes sense and that is actionable you can just go out into the world and do right. Away. So let me just give you the basic um understanding of how we're going to do things in a moment i'm going to go into my formal presentation.

But what my job what i'm going to do for the. Next 60 minutes or. So 60 to 1 hour 15 is i'm going to give you as much content as i can in that hour hour to hour and 15 minutes. Then what i'm going to do is i'm going to present to you the the.

Next steps. So to speak um and tell you you know show you what we've put together for you and and. So you know where to go. Next once that's done and that usually takes anywhere from 20 25 minutes depending on on the questions i get and.

So forth what's going to happen after that is i'm going to circle back around to the agenda that i'm going to explain to you during the presentation and we're going to continue to teach. So it's not like you know you you get teased for an hour to 15 minutes you they present you this ridiculously priced offer that you must take today um and and. Then you're done we're gonna actually give you content we're gonna we're gonna prime you we're to teach you some important skill sets that you need to have under your belt we're going to present where to take this. Next if you want to go to the.

Next level and. Then we're going to circle back around and we're going to continue to teach and we're going to continue to deliver content. So if it's if this is the scope of everything that we have we have time for this even in a 90 minute to a three hour webinar right. And.

So my commitment to you as is always i will take you as far as i can in the time that we have and i will point you in the direction of how to take your. Next steps to go to the. Next level is that a fair trade please type in the chat if you think that's fair trade cool excellent all right. Once again there will be a replay uh probably two there will probably be a replay that's available on youtube and.

Then it'll probably be another replay that we'll be doing uh. Later on the one on youtube i may have to edit down a little bit just to make sure that all the dead the dead time and stuff is done. So please be patient with that. But the uh youtube should be available almost immediately the raw version should be immediately available after um this.

So my name is david snyder welcome to mental training secrets for success health wealth and happiness with your permission i'd like to go ahead and uh start the formal presentation is that cool can we do that type yes. Or yes. In the chat because i'm going to do it. Anyway whether you want to or not right.

Cool all right. Let's go ahead and jump into uh probably the most important thing that we're going to talk about today not really it's not really that important believe me. But it's it says it sets kind of the the scope. First and foremost is who the hell is david snyder and why should i care uh this year 2020 i was one of the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org and with your help i hope to take the number one slot again for 2021. um my background well obviously you know i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by global gurus.

But what else would might be important for you to know i have a doctorate acupuncture and oriental medicine from pacific college of oriental medicine it's a copy of my diploma i've been a practicing acupuncturist and practitioner of oriental medicine since 2005. i graduated with my master's degree in oriental medicine from los angeles uh sorry um southern california university of health sciences and i got my undergraduate degree in business management from oklahoma state university. So if there's any sooners out there yay um great time learned a lot found out just how powerful uh hypnotic skills and programming can be in that environment and. Then i went on to create a a practice in solana beach california where my specialty is treating physiological illness that has as its roots repressed emotions. So while some trainers and some hypnotists and practitioners uh spend a lot of time on nail biting and weight loss and smoke cessation i deal with mostly traumatic events of some kind various forms of repressed emotional issues psychosomatic illness things of that nature that have as their roots were pressed in motion like i said in 2020 i was named the number one nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org the previous three years i was named the number two nlp trainer in the world by globalgurus.org i've authored over 15 different products in various forms of healing health and human influence everything from how to get better how to get more dates how to get over traumas how to win job interviews uh energy work manifestation many forms of various forms of human influence and we integrate all those into the systems that we teach at nlp power fun factoid um this year my my course killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis was named one of the number one uh the number one nlp training course in the world by my peers in nlp which is funny because i never promoted killer influence as an nlp course.

But here's a copy of the letter uh from global google says david with great pleasure to announce your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the best program in the world for nlp you can see it here and of course when i click there you go to these were all the people in the running and of course they voted us the number one training in the world and i thought that was pretty awesome because i didn't even know there was a contest. So thank you all for your support in that and. So cool i also have a 10th degree black belt in an art called martial arts called rookie kempo i've been a lifelong martial artist and it's believe it or not martial arts has been one of the most important aspects in helping me to really drill down and hone the skill sets that i'm going to teach with you uh this on this webinar. So i have a 10th degree black belt in rookie kempo karate of course i have a 4-3 black belt in shaolin kuntao.

Second degree black belt in kosho kamen baru. First degree black belt in font guru jiu-jitsu i'm also a certified instructor in combat systema which i think is one of the most powerful and fascinating arts that i have ever studied cinco manuscrima which is a filipino. Martial arts system as well as modernism basic instructor certification uh not listed on here. But it is important as well is i'm also a certified reiki master and instructor i've been a ranking master since before reiki was cool i'm certified chronic healer and chronic psychotherapist i'm certified in dna fatigue healing and advanced dna theta healing i'm also certified in the bankston energy healing method as many of you know that i've spent some time training with bill and kind of modifying and basing some advanced manifestation techniques on the work of dr bill bankston um i've been a practitioner of hermetic practices and and principles for many years qigong and tai chi as well as a big part of what i do.

So um just wanted to. So you're probably sitting there going okay. Now you've run through your pedigree david what's all this have to do what do all these things have in common well. First and foremost the ability to control your state and pattern recognition what does that have to do with health wealth success and happiness well pretty much everything you see human beings can't do anything without controlling their state in other words they have to be able to alter their states before they can begin to access any of their abilities now human beings also operate in patterns and what i mean by that let me jump back to um to face to face version i don't like powerpoints i should just tell you that right.

Up front i don't like powerpoints at all um. But they are important just to keep some kind of structure between what we're going to do and what we're doing today by the way is called a free form webinar which means part of it's going to be structured and. Then at a specific point i'm going to jump off and i'm going to actually customize the content of today's webinar to exactly what you want most to know about okay. And.

So there's some drills that we're gonna do. But getting back to uh patterns of thought and patterns of recognition and i just taught nine days intensity. So there's people online who are at that training who are immensely qualified to help you and guide you if i miss your questions. So.

First and foremost everything human beings do involves some kind of a structure like a program that runs on a computer. But you're better than a pro than a computer in fact computers wish they could be as cool as human beings. But everything human beings do their behaviors their beliefs their memories their thoughts their skills their abilities their talents are manifested through the prism of the human nervous system via a coding system we call it the primary encoding system and every thought that you have every belief that you hold every behavior that you express has its roots in that coding system and those codes follow a pattern and once you understand that pattern and how to look. For them you can see them in people's behaviors you can see you can you can elicit them from the words that people use and you can extrapolate patterns of thought about how they create those behaviors those beliefs those memories and because of that once you understand how to recognize the pattern and the structure of that pattern you can start to change the pattern and you can start to predict and influence human behavior starting with your own and this is where all roads lead the.

First and most important person that you need to learn to influence is you and once you have that down once you have the ability to alter and control your own state you now have the keys to the kingdom you have the ability to gain rapport and connection with anyone you want to bond with anyone you want and to really have people wanting to do what you want them to do and liking you for it would that be useful to have people doing what you want them to do and liking you for it if you think that's a good thing type that in the chat and if it were completely ethical and honest way of doing that would that be useful right. Cool all right. That's where we're going now we have technologies and classes and systems for specifically that and we're going to talk to you about. Later at the end of the webinar where you can go to take your training further the kids just got home.

So they're probably going to come in any minute and interrupt my webinar. So please uh please bear with me as i receive the love and affection for my lovely children right. Oh they're closing the door for me how wonderful they're learning thank god um. So that being said let's jump back to the powerpoint because uh we have a lot of material i mean a ton when you see what i've got lined out for you today you're gonna be like holy [ __ ] yeah i said yeah i said [ __ ] on the webinar get over it all right.

So let's jump back to the powerpoint uh and just and just go ahead and see where we're at uh let's see okay. So everything it has everything pattern recognition and state control if you can't control your state you can't access your resources if you can't recognize patterns you don't know how to make you don't know how to change a pattern okay. Um now this class is for you if you would like to be more attractive to the obstacles anybody here like to be more attractive to the opposite sex or maybe maybe make him find you more charming and irresistible would that be useful right. Uh would you like to be able to banish fear and insecurity from your life and radiate confidence and be more assertive would that be useful type yes.

If you think that might be useful you're going to get the keys to that today would you like to make more money on your job right. Book. More clients for your business get that razor promotion that you know you deserve do you think maybe you don't deserve it would you like to be able to deserve it we're going to show you how to do that if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulators and people who prey on the weak will people with low self-esteem or low sense of identity this is probably a really really good webinar for you to be on if you'd like to program yourself to create massive financial abundance maybe even have more than enough money to buy the things you want and. Then some really pay attention um if you'd like to learn how to nail two or three job interviews on the spot and have them salivating to hire you we'll touch on that i don't know how deep into that we'll have time to go.

But we have other webinars where we go deep dish into that if you'd like to inspire your employees children or spouse to do what you want them to do when you want them to do it you're going to learn some of the fundamental keys for doing that if you'd like to radiate confidence and attraction and surround yourself with people that you are are loyal and trustworthy pay attention right. If you've ever thought about maybe the possibility of wielding this quasi-jedi-like ability to these are the droids you're looking for or more says i am the guy you're looking for i'm the person you're looking for pay attention because we're going to show you step by step how to build that kind of charisma and that kind of psychological influence. But we're going to do it in a purely ethical honest and uh integral way in the way that makes people want to do the things that you want them to do and feel good about doing it right. Because we're going to show you how to link everything that you want to what other people want we're not going to focus as this as as deeply on that aspect of it in this webinar as we are on the self work and the identity level and and changing your limiting beliefs and things of that nature.

But we are going to touch on it and we will reference other materials where you can find the extensions to that material. So um my personal promise to you once again is if you stay to the end i'm going to show you the fastest most powerful and direct way to reprogram your mind and body for unlimited success health wealth and happiness i'm going to teach you in a very short way how to put a dead stop halt to procrastination and take immediate action if that's what's necessary i'm going to show you how to remove blocks to your success how to get rid of negative emotions fear pain and limiting beliefs are these things that you might find useful go ahead if you think that's if you think that's uh something that you might want to do cool cool excellent and. Finally i'm going to teach you the exact steps necessary to go from interesting information to maximum transformation in minimum time and here's how i'd like i'm going to do that for you okay. If you stay until the end this is what i've got planned for you i'm going to teach you the two most important factors for success it's not what you think or maybe it is i'm going to teach you the rules of the mind the ones they didn't tell you about i'm going to show you an approach to what i call body centered energy psychology how your system really works and how you can begin using it right.

Away to make the changes you want to make we're going to show you how to program your future and clear your past it's all part of this body centered energy psychology and rules of the mind process that we're going to guide you through and. Finally we're going to show you exactly what steps to take to get the life you want and get the way you want it master yourself inside out and really start taking control of your life starting today does this sound like a good agenda for today what do you think type in the chat room if you think is good cool got a little bit of lag there i'm not sure what's happening cool excellent thank you all right. So let's get started. First and foremost what do you want to learn about today this is where you get to tell me type in the chat what is your biggest most important question about programming your mind for success that you would like the answer today if you came away with nothing else from this webinar what would you like to know most what would be like this was the best use of my time ever go ahead and type that in the chat.

So i know it's going to be important because we're going to actually dip down onto that. Later these answers are going to be very important and by the way if you type it in the chat please uh on on a notepad pad or a um a piece of writing paper paper please write that down because one of the. First drills that we're going to do is about uh connecting everything in this webinar to that abundance okay. Riah harmon's asking me about abundance remove bearish financial abundance excellent janet's asking perfect transforming myself concept removing blocks permanently uh get rid of blocking beliefs okay.

I see i see okay. How to take massive amounts of money in small periods of time okay. Uh make money with no. Effort okay.

I'll see what i can do about that one uh i haven't figured that one out yet i still have to put effort into making money. But uh it does get better over time exactly how all the information you give okay. Perfect oh ralph is asking how i can get into trance the quickest and most efficiently that's perfect because that's where we have to start i want to know what you know well you better if you want to know what i know you got to do what i do keep my employees happy at work okay. Christian very good answer stop self-sabotage we can do that how to deal effectively with difficult people and manipulate negotiators and tactics okay.

How to download you okay. Very cool um all right. So let's talk about um what i like to call the identity by design process everything that i'm going to share with you today in today's webinar from the two most important factors to success all the way down to how to take control of your life is based on this model this is what i call the identity by design style or the identity by design process it's based on the principles that i'm going to be sharing with you today okay. But there's seven discrete steps that allow you to target and isolate the discrete building blocks of personality and identity.

So that when you begin the process of of addressing yourself addressing the aspects of your unconscious mind through this process you can literally rewrite who you want to be and uh and and you can become more of the person that you want to be rather than the person that culture family religion uh peer pressure have kind of programmed you to be. So this is the the basic big picture it starts with learning to purge generalized negativity now generalized negativity can be any form of negative imprint that you've picked up from a belief to a memory to a trauma uh to a history of bad programming anything that just kind of uh gets baked into the in there it may not be causing you a direct problem. But it's exacerbating the problem kind of like stoking the pot before you uh before you put it in the dishwasher or you scrub the problem areas. Then we're going to talk about special negativity clearing and what special negativity clearing does is it targets what we call secondary gain or safety lessons many times when we go through problems in our life especially if they've happened to us more than once our our unconscious mind creates a mechanism that says hey every time he's had a business he's lost it and it's hurt everyone around him including himself i have to make sure that this never happens to him again i know if i make sure he never starts another business he can never lose it.

Therefore he'll never be hurt and. So what happens is people will start a business or they'll go for the. Next relationship or the. Next repetition of the thing that's important to them in life and for whatever reason they can't seem to get out of the box they can't seem to make that leap and for that those particular situations we have a very special category of interventions that we do we call that special virtualized negativity okay.

So the. Next phase is to install driver states this is where understanding what are the emotional states the psycho-emotional states that lead to success on a constant basis that we want to install as the default mechanism in our body and we're going to talk about it. Then we would change your internal dialogue we would actually focus in on how we change that voice in your head that's constantly criticizing you telling you don't deserve something tell you you can't have something you know in case you're wondering what what i mean when i say uh internal dialogue it's that voice in your head that just said what voice right. Okay.

Finally we're going to teach you how to purge all the negativity from your past we call this temporal editing. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember in ways that make your life better each of these are modules in our program and that our trainers and our practitioners are intensely trained in how to perform. Then we're going to install everything we've done here as a template before your very.

First memory now one of the things you should probably know is that the most powerful memories that we have let me go back to um let me go back to my uh from zero i mean when i when i say zero i mean from conception all the way up to about five years old our is one of the most important and critical time periods of our life the foundations and platforms the general direction of our life is laid out zero to five for the vast majority of people. So once we take you through general negativity specialized negativity uh default driver states internal dialogue cleansing your past we're going to take all of that work that we've done and we're going to install it at age zero. So that it becomes a template and a resource for all of your memories to be uh refracted through if you can imagine taking the white light and shining it through a prism and as it as the white light shines through that prism it changes and bends the light well your beliefs your memories the templates installed at the genetic level act very much like a filter or a lens that all of the experiences that you've recorded are interpreted through and. So we can actually inject reinterpretation at the ages of zero to five and everything in your life changes automatically like dominoes in a row right.

Uh it's actually a pretty straightforward process once you've had the proper training obviously we're not gonna have time to go that in depth today. But we're going to give you the foundations things that you can start doing right. Away that will completely transform how you run your mind and body and give you the foundations to build upon and if you want to go further if you want to take the. Next step.

Then and learn the rest of these processes and apply them to yourself to your clients what have you. Then i'll show you how to do that in the most powerful way possible okay. So let me jump back to my uh my powerpoint really quick. So what's really cool about this process is once we've installed all of this once can i can i do that here hold on a.

Second once we've installed all of this here. Then we start looking at trade installation and what this means is we actually look. At the people the places whose traits qualities characteristics attributes that you admire who you'd like to have more of in your life and we teach you through a process called magic circle also known as deep trans identification we teach you exactly how to do that. So you can have those traits and qualities and attributes and print it in you you can do it yourself or you can have one of our people do it um and.

Then we run you through this whole process again with these new traits and pro and and attributes and we improve and we're constantly we give you the keys to constantly update your internal maps your internal programming. So that you become the person that you want to be rather than the person that environment religion society peer pressure family pressure conspired to make you does that sound like a cool thing do you think that might be useful go ahead and type in the chat if you think it's useful okay. Excellent all right. So let me go ahead and jump back to me actually let me see here okay.

So uh let me erase this because this is our. First exercise remember when i asked you what you want to get out of today's training here's where it becomes important for this exercise you will need a pen or a pencil and some paper something to write on okay. Let me jump to my my one note really quick okay. Um.

So this is a menu for today in case you didn't see it before we're going to talk about the two most important oops i got a typo here two most important factors for success rules of the mind body center energy psychology reprogramming your subconscious mind. So we're gonna let's jump into the two most important factors um with regard to actually let me look. At my my notes real quick because i might have to jump around okay. Here we are this is the piece i want you to play with.

First and foremost the two most important factors to becoming successful in life are a your identity who you are and what you believe what you think you deserve and b oops where is it oh here it is i didn't highlight it action these are the two key factors that are going to determine how far you get how fast now um before we jump into the big picture here i want us to make sure that everything we're going to talk about is relevant to you we're going to do that used doing a very special drill uh pauldini says i have many questions i don't get asked that much what's the best technique to apply with an online zoom skype interaction someone who has something to deal with follow along paul because you're you're on it okay. Um. So this is what we call the emotional motivation checklist this is an emotional motivation drill human everything human beings do human beings have a checklist for everything that they do they have a checklist for how they buy clothes they have a checklist for why they want to get skinny they have a checklist for how they want to be you know how they want to be seen right. So at the beginning of this webinar i asked you what do you want what do you want from this seminar what's it gonna do for you right.

Now here's what i want you to do now you can write these you can type these in the chat i i'm okay. With that. But what's more important is that you write them down and as you write them down i'm going to ask you to start to notice body feelings and where you feel and i want you to say these things out loud to yourself because as we go through this what's going to happen if you're doing it properly is you're going to notice emotions coming up and emotions are the fuel that drive change emotions are the fuel that drive action and identity. So once we understand that everything that we want everything we don't want has a checklist and when human beings move through the world human beings move through the world basically governed by a checklist now sometimes sometimes they know what those checklists are consciously and many times they don't and part of my job as your teacher today is to teach you how to become more self-aware now many times when people tell you what what they want or you talk to yourself about what you want you use certain words to do it right.

But it's not that that surface level thing many times that is really what you want it's what that surface level thing gets for you does that make sense if you understand where i'm going with this especially if you're new type it in the chat okay. Robin tori says your desire list yeah. But we have there's a structure believe it or not there's a structure to our desires and that's what we need to understand we need to understand human beings in terms of their energy their emotional their emotional energy the output uh the direction their fuel takes them we need to understand the structure of how they do things. So that we can change it what you say when you talk to yourself yes.

Now here's the thing that we need to understand everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want a whole lot more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of when you start to talk to yourself about why you're on this webinar and what's important to you about that you're going to generate body feelings and they're going to be emotions connected to that and we want to do that we want you to connect those emotions to everything you're getting from this webinar. So you become highly motivated to follow the instructions and the directions the way that we teach them to you because if there's no. Motivation there's no. Change right.

If there's no. Emotion there's no. Change right. And that brings us to the two biggest factors once again who you are as a person uh how you see yourself and what you feel you deserve in the world we're gonna talk we're gonna kind of break down the structure of your belief systems because there's two kinds of beliefs that you have there's beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't and we want you to be able to begin to understand those beliefs not just from a content level in other words the movie of what made you believe what you believe.

But understanding it in a way that you can actually change it right. And that means we have to take a hands-on approach you have to experience these things now again you don't have to believe anything i'm going to share with you on this webinar i'm going to be here for a while okay. I'm going to talk to about you know 5 5 5 15. we're going to we're going to show you the program we've put together for you once that's done we're going to circle back and we're going to go through that agenda that um that i outlined for you. So you you know where this where everything i'm sharing is from the package i'm going to be talking about.

Later. So you can take this out right. Into the world and start making change in fact i'm a little nervous about all this content because i usually charge for some of this stuff. But uh that being said let's understand emotion everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less up is that clear dave says rob is asking can i go back to the slide please yes.

Uh here we go okay. So since we're back on the slide let's do this really quick emotional motivation check this. First and foremost what do you want from today's seminar write it down type it in the chat if you want to uh i may use it as an example or i may just let you guys um you know play with this on your own now stop for a moment close your eyes. Take a deep breath in and imagine for a moment that you actually have it now what do you see when you're in that place what do you hear what do you smell what do you taste because when you're in that place when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smelling you taste there's a feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know hey i got this is awesome i want you to notice where in your body that feeling starts and go ahead and point to it note that off to the side okay.

Uh core galaxy's asking got his hand raised if somebody could answer their question um i'll try and circle back okay. So now going back to the powerpoint. So we've all got that body feeling right. Now ask yourself this question go with your.

First response if you have once you have it now that you've got it what's important to you about having it what's important about getting it and type that in or type that in the chat or just write it underneath what you've done what you write okay. And when you when you've done that type that in the chat i just type done in the chat you don't have to tell me what you're typing in terms of you know what it's going to do for you because i don't care i mean i don't want to say what i mean i don't care is i'm not going to judge it right. If you want to go out and and nail you know have sex with anything with a pulse that will let you that's fine if you want to go out and make lots and lots of money and buy an island in the bahamas i'm not going to judge that all i care about is that when you write these things down a you've got a feeling connected to it and when you have it you know what's important about having it okay. And write that down right.

Because as you write those things down you link it to the tools you're going to get on this webinar you're going to find yourself extremely motivated because you know what the reward is you know what you're going to get as a byproduct of doing this process and taking the. Next steps okay. Now if you have that if you have that thing what comes up. Next what what's important about having that one thing.

So think about it like the same question repeated two or three times what do you want what's important about getting it if you had it what would you do with it or what would what would that mean or what would that how it changes would that be for you in your life and. Then what's important about that write your answers and repeat this process and just keep drilling down on your previous answer is it clear what i want you to do peace okay. Perfect peace is excellent done now just keep just keep asking us what do you want what's important about having it if you had it what would that do for you what's important about that and. Then what's and.

Then write your answers and speak them out loud now when you hit a now timothy fox is saying up chunk peace when you get to a word like peace which is actually what we call an unspecified verb um or anomalization that's good enough that's that's a that's a process that's been turned into a thing. But i want you to just keep drilling down until you've you've got the feelings connected to that and what i want you to do is you as you go through this process i want you to connect those feelings and the attainment of those feelings that to the to the tools that we're going to get okay. Now what we've just done is in an indirect way we've tapped into a level of your belief system known as values values are the checklists that determine what is desirable and undesirable in our life whether you consciously realize it or not there is not a single thing that human beings do that you do that doesn't have a value belief structure connected to it now those value systems have three parts there's a checklist there's a feeling that having that checklist satisfied creates within you and. Then there's a name we give to that feeling you understand that checklist feeling label right.

What you want to do is you want to know what that checklist is what the feeling you want when you get it is and what you call it okay. So as you go through that hierarchy and you connect those processes to everything we're talking about today you'll discover that you have a lot more desire to follow the process and as you follow the process you'll discover new and exciting ways that you can begin to use your neurology to make powerful changes and take all the steps necessary to become the person you want to be is that a fair exchange learning about you. So you can become a better you type if you think that's cool now take a moment type in the chat i want you to take a moment speak these things out loud to yourself no. One can hear you by the way if you're watching and listening to this webinar while driving a car stop not in traffic this webinar is going to engage several processes that require you to do to engage in altered state work and i do not want you driving or operating machinery or anything that requires your full and undivided attention while attending and participating in this webinar listen to it avoid doing the exercise if you're driving and when you are free and safe go back and watch the replay and do the drills and follow the instructions is that clear i want everybody to be safe doing this beth.

So far says thanks i'm crying like a baby excellent. So did you feel something when you spoke it out loud yes. Or no. Yes.

Or yes. That's paul harvey trekker would say this is one of the keys writing it down is powerful. But when you speak it when you externalize the desire you bring it to life this is one of the most important and often not taught principles of manifestation how many of you are interested in learning how to manifest stuff yes. Or yes.

Okay. Here's one of the things they leave out and it goes to the number two of the key factors to success you whenever you create an affirmation or a vision board or you do image cycling or time time um um time timeline therapy or whatever you're doing no. Matter what you do inside you must bounce it with taking action because there's a filter in place i call the externalization filter if you don't get it out of your head out of your neurology and express it into the world in some form of action it becomes impotent it's very very difficult to get get in practice to the loving term to impregnate the universe right. Those of you who've been around planet david you know i teach a lot of manifestation techniques one of the ones that one of the principles i stress over and over again in our hidden laws of attraction classes in our vibrational influence classes is if you want to manifest things you must externalize what you create inside you must externalize it and we're going to teach you the principles behind that you're going to come away with a huge boatload of actionable things right.

And this is the very. First one if you want to motivate yourself this is the process that you use if you want to motivate other people this is the process that you use you ask them the exact same questions i asked you and you use their responses to link what you want them to do to what you're offering okay. Jorge delgado says writing on paper is one thing speaking it out loud involves more vibration yes. This is what we call the logo.

So the power of the word this has been known for centuries. But it's largely been hidden mistranslated unexplained in an actionable way you must externalize now you can externalize it through speaking which is my favorite way to do it the most powerful way to do it you can externalize it through writing if you write it and speak it and act it out at the same time you get a synergy you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts okay. So um uh sharon's saying i just missed this and found the webinar will it be yes. There will be okay.

So are we cool. So far is everybody with me use okay. Cool uh let's go back to this all right. So.

So once again factor one identity john assaraf is saying is is quoted as saying um it's impossible to out earn your level of self-con of your self-esteem what you think you deserve. So as we move through the world we develop a self-concept a self-concept is based on life experience uh and belief systems on a. Second move this out of the way now nlp has isolated for us the hierarchy of human beliefs okay. And one of the things that you'll notice if we look.

At this hierarchy of beliefs is that spirituality and purpose are at the apex or the or the the apex right. Below that is identity beliefs and values capabilities behaviors and environment now when we start talking about um this hierarchy of beliefs the important thing to remember is that hold on a. Second let me see if i can i can do some drawing here the beliefs at the top control the beliefs at the bottom now the drill that we just did the emotional motivation process accessed this beliefs and values which means it's right. Up there it forms a pillar of your identity it forms the filler of what you believe and what you'll accept for yourself if you don't believe you deserve something you will find ways to self-sabotage anybody have problems with self-sabotage all my life chances are there was a conflict here okay.

The things that you were manifesting in your life were in conflict with a belief that you held at one of these upper levels now conversely what happens many times is we often confuse things that happen down here with things that are up here. So anytime you hear the words i am what you're hearing is what in nlp we like to call an identity statement an identity statement is where we confuse something we're capable of or some behavior that we do or something something in the environment with who we are and once you change that hierarchy everything below it falls into place now we're not going to cover these things from an nlp perspective that gets kind of complicated i make kind of a joke that to uh to air is human to really complicate things you need a neuro-linguistic programmer. But this is everything we're going to talk about is going to be dealing with belief systems at the identity or values level is that clear. So far yes.

Or yes. Okay. Is this useful just let me just check take your temperature you find this useful. So far okay.

I i really i get paranoid sometimes that sometimes people aren't getting what i'm trying to share with you now the hierarchy i showed you that little apex with spirituality identity beliefs and values uh capabilities and behaviors and environment the behaviors at the top control the behaviors at the bottom. But regardless of what level of the hierarchy that belief is held at get ready for this they're all built from the same thing you understand that every belief that you have is made of the same bricks and mortar okay. Oftentimes i ask people what are thoughts made out of and people give me all kinds of interesting answers they give me um answers like energy or vibration or um feelings right. Lana's asking why not start with spirituality purpose instead of focusing on identity because most of the time people have a very vague idea of spirituality and purpose.

But we do have a training that focuses specifically on that it's called secrets of the golden path and it's a face reading it's a it's a course that involves face reading and uh doing a very intense audit of your your life history to determine what your spiritual purpose in this life is um you can impact spirituality and purpose uh using this same system i will tell you that right. Up front if you want to go there you can. But you're working at a very high and very abstract level of self-concept and what i've seen clinically for most people is that the identity level is where most of our stuff most of our problems are held it's not the spirituality level there's almost like a fight believe it or not there's almost like a firewall between the spiritual level and the purpose level and the identity level many times how many of you i just. So i understand you better how many of you actually do any kind of client or coaching work if you do type that in the chat i want to see how many of those people i have okay.

All right. Maybe you've had this experience where you have a client come in and they just look. At you says you know i i just wish i knew i know i meant for something i wish i knew what my purpose in this life was you ever have that question come up have you ever asked that question okay. Excellent if you're getting that question.

Then golden path training is really where you want to go it builds on the work that we're doing okay. But golden path is about um and we call it ming in chinese medicine which means destiny it's your mandate from heaven ming is all about not your finding your ideal job or career path. But it's about finding the life path which may include a career a series of activities that you're here to do a long-term change that you're here to manifest the work that we're doing in this webinar is the foundation and the building block to getting on that golden path it leads to that spirituality and purpose level. But many times the things at the lower levels of our uh of our belief hierarchy are the things that are stopping us from getting on that golden path and the problem is is that of course that we have you know we have these the spiritual purpose that we came into this life for.

But something at the belief of the identity level or the values level or the capabilities level usually values level by the way because values are taught and that's the problem if you've ever again raised type in the chat room if this is true for you if you've ever done something with or had an activity that you absolutely loved a talent or a skill or an ability that you had when you were little or young that made you feel alive that made you feel life was worth living and the people in your life said no. That's not acceptable they crushed your dream. So to speak if you've ever had that experience type it in the chat okay. I'm gonna bet that the vast majority of those happen somewhere between zero and ten years old true or true okay.

Welcome to that critical period zero to five and what you're seeing is an identity an identity and values impregnation of belief somebody's imposing a belief system on you when you're too young to prevent it and that blocks you from getting on your spiritual path because the identity filter is directly below again going back to this going back to this um this graphic the identity filter is directly below the spirituality filter which is directly above the beliefs and values. So when when you're zero to five you have no. Knowledge base you have no. Database or or previous understanding of the way the world is supposed to be.

So anything anything that gets injected hold on a. Second anything that gets injected here is what blocks you when you come in you're given an m for whatever you develop a firewall that keeps the conscious understanding of this out of your awareness. But there are body feelings that let you know when you're on it and when you're not. So when if you've ever done anything that lit you up when you were a kid this was because it was in harmony with your spiritual purpose okay.

Are we are we are are you guys following me. So far does that make sense okay. Okay. Now when i ask what are thoughts made out of i inevitably get all kinds of answers.

But i'm going to give you the short short answer okay. The structure of your thoughts oops where is it where did that go here we go the structure of your thoughts is made out of five primary building blocks visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory gustatory data that data interacts with your nervous system and the internal filters that you have to create an electromagnetic field or filing cabinet around your body that field is organized in a very specific way anything in the front of your body is an open active impending file anything that's behind you is closed okay. We're going to revisit these uh very shortly. But this is where we start to get into programming your future and clearing your past okay.

We can do it through our languaging we can do it through our body we're gonna show you how to integrate those okay. So once again let's go back factor one your identity who you are what you believe john assaraf is probably the best quoted source. So you can't out earn your level of self-confidence and self-esteem if you've ever known anybody who's won a lottery or won a big cash prize and put them in a completely different tax bracket and two years. Later three years.

Later they're completely broken back to the same situation that they're in you've encountered this now you have two kinds of beliefs you have beliefs you know about and the beliefs that you don't know about people think that beliefs are these big unchangeable iceberg type or iceberg sized things that run our life. But they're not i mean they see they function that way. But it's a lot of it when we come to belief system is actually smoking mirrors belief systems are actually decisions their decisions about the way the world is based on the information the emotion and the perspective that we had at the time and each and every one of those things is encoded wait a minute where to go here we go this way in our term knowledge we call that v a k you know what i'm just gonna do this this way we call this this coding system okay. Every single thing human beings do is built up a visual auditory kinesthetical factory and gustatory components the difference here is that if you just do this as the construct inside of your head it's very weak uh sometimes it gets changed and sometimes it doesn't would it be okay.

To actually show you a way to make this change even more powerful and more permanent even if you don't necessarily believe it would that be useful okay. So um i'm gonna run through some some some other principles uh when i reach the five o'clock mark of the 515 mark if it's okay. With you i'd like to show you the full the full package we've put together is that okay. Robin uses a swish technique robin if you just add one tweak to your swish it's going to be orders of you may have already figured this out.

But i'm going to show it to you okay. Very cool okay. Um let me see here. So let's go back to this all right.

Let's talk about the rules of the mind oh let me know let me finish this real quick action i want to talk about this before we take in everything that we're going to show you today in terms of the identity your belief systems how to change them is impotent if you don't take action everything that we're going to teach you involves altered states of consciousness we code name that asc if you can't alter your state you can't make change okay. So you're going to show you altered states a quick and easy way to do that any form of internal alchemical work must be balanced with the appropriate actions we take in the material world people don't take action for one of two reasons a mindset they either they know what to do. But for some reason they can't bring themselves to do it anybody here um fall into that category like they have all the skills they have all the tools they know what to do they know where to do it. But for some reason they just can't bring themselves to take action anybody here fit that category doctor in procrastination right.

On okay. Sometime now there's also another one um sometimes it's it's many times when it's a mindset of this nature it's lack of deservingness or other limiting beliefs sometimes it's fear fear of success fear of failure you can be amazed how many times people don't take action because if they were successful they would become somebody that they they were taught was a bad person you see this a lot when people trying to accumulate wealth because when they were growing up all they heard was rich people do this and rich people do that right. Right. And when you start to unpack the beliefs you didn't know you have you find that they've discussed they've in some way somehow they've internalized an external program that says rich people are bad rich people cheat rich people don't deserve the success they've had yadda yadda these are beliefs that get kind of grafted onto our primary belief systems and we don't pay we don't pay a lot of attention to them because they don't make sense and we edit them we're going to talk about why that's true in a minute okay.

So that's one of the reasons it's mindset mindset is usually a factor okay. Now sometimes it's not a mindset sometimes it's a skill set and what this means is these are people who want to take action and they're ready they're ready to press the go button they they're they're chomping at the bit. But they don't know how they don't know what steps to take they don't know when to take those steps they don't know where to take that action right. And these people training many times it's training they don't know they need okay.

Anybody here like that it's like you have all this desire to make your way in the world. But you don't know the. First place to start or. First place to go right.

This leads me to a quote one of my instructors one of my my teachers when i was studying luminescence gave passed on a quote to me from her mother goes something like this you can have you can be do or have anything you want in this world. But. First you must. First become the person deserves to have it does that make sense sometimes there's a skill set or a set of skills that we need and the the the the sheer amount of training that we need to get from where we are to where we want to be is daunting it's going to take too long it's going to take you know it's going to take too much energy or to effort when people when you find yourself saying it's going to cost too much it's going to take too long it's too much work what you're really saying believe it or not i don't deserve it and this is where mindset often subverts skill set because when we look.

At where we are and where we want to be the gap is too big we say to ourselves wow i would really love to have a doctorate. But man that's four years of schooling and and extra money and extra expense and yada yada well yeah are you ready to become the person who deserves to have that if you're not right. So mindset interacts with skill set and many times we confuse one for the other. So one of the things i want you to do is have clarity do you in fact have the skill sets to to do what you need to do if you do.

But you're just not pulling that trigger. Then we need to focus in on belief systems sabotage mindset what have you. But are you like totally motivated if somebody told you do this do this do this do this do this today you would do it. Then you're fine you're you're.

But you don't have that. Then it's a skill set does that make sense i know i hope i'm not insulting anybody's intelligence by this. But sometimes the secret to success is really [ __ ] simple [ __ ] do it right. And everybody's looking for a shortcut everybody's looking for the.

Next hack here's the the most powerful hack that i have found be willing to do whatever it takes. First because as you start taking the steps towards the thing you say you want the universe will test you and as you go through those obstacles with as you develop the willingness to go through those the relentlessness to go through those obstacles no. Matter what many of those seeming obstacles operate because they were illusions to begin with or the universe realigns itself your unconscious mind finds a way to circumvent that after you've demonstrated the relentless commitment to getting it that's a mindset that's why in our in our identity by design program one of the. First traits we install in all of our practitioners is be relentless get the change no.

Matter what if you go to an identity by design practitioner with a problem you will not get out of that room until you've got the change and you're satisfied with it okay. That's one of the things we install we program our practitioners to do that right. And that's one of the things that we if you want to be successful i have met geniuses in the gutter i met idiots who are millionaires right. I've been i've seen idiots who are billionaires some of them might even run the country from time to time right.

But one of the things that they have in abundance is relentless determination regardless of anything else right. We're going to show you ways to hack that right. But this is something i want you to embrace okay. As you apply the technologies that we go through i want you to become intensely curious i want you to play with these skills the more playful you are the more powerful you're going to become okay.

I want you to apply a sense of relentlessness to this most of the things that i'm going to show you you don't have to believe. But you do have to do them and if you do them with a playful sense of relentless curiosity of what's going to happen. Next and you just do enough reps the change will lock in does that help you yes. Or no.

Now everything that i'm talking about mindset skill set belief systems identity deservingness guess what each and every one of them is a program that your neurology is running each and every one of them is built from the same stuff and once you know how the system works you can change it okay. You can change it and the. First thing we have to learn is what i lovingly call altered states of consciousness we need the ability to go into and out of any type of mind-body state we need we necessary on demand okay. And there's some principles that govern that and i'm gonna cover those is that okay.

And. Then we're gonna do technique okay. So here's the. First thing before we jump into um the big program that we're that where all this stuff comes from let's do a quick altered state exercise okay.

This is uh i lovingly call this the frame game because there's some words i'm going to throw at you that you may think you know what they mean and the problem is is that you think you know what they mean right. Because when i say the words your brain is going to open up it's going to run through all the files it has connected to the words i'm about to use and it's going to throw its own meaning to the words i'm giving you i want to run you through a couple of drills right. Now that will allow you as a practitioner as a person who is self-programming self-empowering i want you to be able to alter your state like that and i want you to begin to access the code by which all of your beliefs all of your memories all of your body feelings all of your behaviors are built from would that be useful type in the chat if you think that's useful perfect okay. First and foremost how many of you here just type it in the chat i would always raise your hand and.

Then type it in the chat how many of you here have ever been little children raise your hands right. Now how many of you when you were little children played pretend right. Now obviously i can't see all of you. But i'm going to assume that you were all none of you were born from a test tube fully formed right.

You aren't clones right. How many of you when your little children play pretend and maybe you like to be a superhero or maybe you like to be um a police officer or a soldier or maybe you're a tomboy or a girly girl and you did things that boys like to do and maybe you were a boy who like the things girls like to do right. Doesn't matter there was probably at least one or two times in your life when you were out in the backyard playing pretend yes. Or yes.

I was born from the head of zeus joshua says right. Now i'm going to use the soldier metaphor. But again insert into this process any time when this was true for you maybe you're out in the backyard you're five six years old you're playing soldier or wonder woman or superman or batman or doctor or whatever scientist rockstar right. And you know maybe you pick up a stick and you're pretending that it's a microphone right.

Have we ever done this right. Airbanded in front of a mirror right. We did this as adults right. Pretending we were we were the star of the show i wanted to be a ninja right.

Right. And you knew for the. First five minutes that maybe you were just holding a brush and you were not really that rock star or maybe it was just a toy stick and you weren't really a soldier for about the. First five minutes about six and a half minutes.

Later you're really rambo that's really an m16 or you're john bon jovi or or rat or or whatever you know kiss or whatever and you're rocking the stage and jumping up and down and and getting into the music and you're having a ball because you forgot that you weren't that person you remember those moments if you did type it in the chat okay. A couple questions for you when you were in that state were you asleep no. Were you focused intently on what you were doing were you completely absorbed in that process in that experience were you having a ball are you having the best time ever here's the secret my friends if you can do that just that with a few guidelines you can make any change that you want any change all you got to do is be absorbed focused and playful and follow the rule follow the instructions can you do that it wasn't pretend it was profoundly real visualization yes. Very good bring it on cool all right.

So here's what we're going to do if it's okay. Um you know what let's just do we'll do part of it. Then we'll do the offer we'll come back and we'll continue with our training is that okay. All right.

Close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath you take into every beat of your heart i want you just relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds you hear other than the sounds of my voice or simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you or distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything i say and everything i do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment i want you to fly back on the wings of time to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever not that one no. I'm teasing okay. I'm not i'm not the pleasure police i don't care where you were what you were doing who you're with what what substances were involved whether you crossed any state lines all i care about is when you stop and remember that amazing experience when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you take there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that as you notice that place where you feel that amazing sensation if there were a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings i'm curious what color colors that might be for you. First impression you don't need to type it in the chat just notice what color that is when you've got that imagine a beautiful ball of that energy floating above your head i'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as with every breath you take into every beat of your heart that amazing ball of pleasure begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall at all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating and protecting you from all negativity all threats real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with all the pleasures it most wants all the pleasures it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing feelings through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that you know it's locked in test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied type in the chat what you discovered what happened when you tried to take it away it won't stop oh [ __ ] you mean you're stuck feeling good now bummer very cool right. For some of you great excellent now close your eyes.

Once again again focus on this where that feeling emerge from if there were a picture floating in the space around you a picture that you could reach out and touch touch the spot where the feeling is in your body and. Then reach out and touch the picture floating in the space around you when you've got that trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is when you've got that make sure we've got the right. One grab that picture and just like you would expand the windows on your iphone or your touch screen at home make that picture as big as the room and notice what happens to the feelings in your body type that in the chat what happens rush i'm laughing damn right.

People are asking if you can do this over skype if you can do this over zoom guess what okay. Excellent close your eyes. Once again reach up touch that picture once again bring it back to its original size now keep the size of the picture exactly the same and this time what i want you to do is i want you to slowly pull that picture closer to your body and notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger does it get weaker by the way there's no. Wrong answer twine says the damn dog jumped on me she wants part of that good feeling too huh get used to that by the way when you start doing this around pets they get excited it's warmer it's intensified excellent very cool now just for fun take the picture that you're holding lift it up over your head wrap it around you like a big blanket wrap it around you like a big blanket notice what happens tell me what type in the chat what happens when you wrap it around that's always the best tingles right.

Excellent you've just entered the world of body centered psycho thinner energetic psychotherapy or psychology okay. You've entered the world of what we call body centered hypnotherapy or body centered energy psychology this is basically how your neurology creates all of your experiences and guides your behaviors your thoughts your feelings your beliefs now i gave you an a brief introduction to this when we return from our offer process we are going to go deep dive into this system we are going to show you step by step the principles that govern the mind we're going to show you the principles behind energy centered or body centered psychotherapy or psychology energy psychology rather we're going to show you how to integrate that to program your future clear up your past get rid of procrastination all the things that we talked about okay. Phil says it gets a lot stronger absolutely and here's the best part the sounds weird. But the more you play with this the stronger it gets this the more you do this the stronger it gets the reason we focus on pleasure is because it generates a massive release of dopamine serotonin and oxytocin it creates a state of accelerated enhanced neuroplasticity in other words the chemical makeup in your body changes in such a way that it's easier to write new programs or change existing ones you guys get that now there's a lot more to this and we'll cover that when we get back is it okay.

To take things to the. Next levels okay. To talk to you about what we've got coming up. So you can really um get the biggest bang for your buck is it okay.

To do that go ahead and type that in the chat if you think that's a fair trade cool all right. So let's go ahead and do that. So are you ready with permission i'd like to talk to you about our secrets of personality transformation this is how you take things to the. Next level this is our ultra mind control training for success home study course now let me just um cover a few basic understandings one of the problems that we have with uh in in planet david is that i am a big big big proponent of live in-person trainings i do not think i mean you know a lot of my peers in the nlp world do everything online and and i'm not faulting that the problem if you've got a fully online course is that there's no.

Quality control there's no. Supervision there's no. Vetting of the students to make sure a they've done the work they've done the work properly and they've gotten the change no. Matter what.

So one of the things you can count on in planet david is that no. Matter um what training i'm teaching no. Matter what topic we're covering there will be a strong strong strong emphasis on getting the hands-on experience you've got to do that if you want to remember i talked about there's two key factors to success identity and action you've got to get your skin in the game you've got to roll up your sleeves you've got to make that. Second payment as i like to tell my students i tell my students for every single thing you get from me you will always pay twice.

First one is the is the whatever the tuition is right. It's it's money you can always make more money the. Second one is the one that most people have trouble making or are a little hesitant to make and that is the. Second payment of time energy and effort of action to take the skills and do the drills the.

First the. First payment gives you access the. Second payment gives you ownership and. So one of the big problems that we had when this whole covet thing came about was that everything went online right.

And. So i started looking at okay. How am i going to do this how am i going to make sure that people get the kind of training that i know they need to do this stuff anytime anywhere for any reason because that's what we do that's if you ask any of my students in the chat who've been around what that what the live trainings are like versus the virtual trainings and things like that they'll they'll tell you it's night and day. So with that understanding in mind i had to think about well what if they can't get to training.

But they need the skill sets what what's a good. Second choice and. So i sat down and i started saying okay. Well if i had if we had to do this mostly online what series of courses or what what order and sequence of courses would give them the most power and the biggest skill sets that would allow them to do this stuff for themselves by themselves if they're you know with with support of course and.

So what i'm about to present to you is the fruits of that process of thinking about what courses can i give how can i do this in such a way that people get exactly what they need now a lot of you are here to help others. But a lot of you are here to help yourselves and that's okay. Because that's where we start we have to start with you if you can't help yourself what good are you to the world right. You almost wind up feeling like a phony.

So with that in mind i want you to attach everything i'm about to share with you to why you're on this webinar in the. First place and realize this is how you get it okay. So in this person's sneakers of personality transformation program it's all about helping you take your life the. Next level maybe that's making money closing more deals getting more dates helping more people feeling more confident powerful winning at the game of life becoming more charming or charismatic or irresistible it's all in here it's all possible for you if you follow the instructions okay.

Here's what we put together now this offer expires october 1st 2020 at 11 59 pm. So please keep that in mind okay. I want to talk about the secrets of personality ultra mind control transformation mental training skills for success it's a 14 video program and it has the seven stage identity by design process for mind controlling it's going to teach you how to clear unconscious unconsciously held emotions negative beliefs things you don't even know that you have it's a one module devoted strictly to that we have three or four techniques within that process to 297 value we're going to teach you how to remove those unconscious safety rules those secondary gains those limiters that your unconscious mind imposes on you that are keeping you stuck even though you know what to do you know when to do it. But for some reason you just can't pull the trigger a.

Second. Third or fourth time we're going to show you how to target and eliminate all of those barriers. So you can get back on track in the shortest amount of time possible that's a 297 dollar value just there we're going to teach you how to change and reprogram the negative voices in your head that hold you back. So that they lift you up and build you up and move you forward and inspire and motivate you instead of tearing you down and making you feel less than worthy and less than deserving it's a 297 value we're going to teach you through a process we call the pillars of power the four key psychological attributes or traits or states that lead to success we're going to teach you how to be powerful how to be uh victorious relentless playful curious on demand.

So that you move through the world with these default states when i was going through all the different states that i thought were most useful for success the ones i kept coming back to over and over and over again were these four states and when you have these states on tap when you can control your state and enter a state of playfulness a state of curiosity a state of victoriousness a state of transfer of uh determination on demand. Then you're gonna you're gonna radiate charisma wherever you go you're gonna be able to take the actions you need to take you're gonna be able to ask the right. Questions and how many of you just buy a quick a quick show of hands in the chat or whatever how many of you would like to be 30 smarter 30 percent more creative 30 percent more persuasive how would you like to be 30 better at everything you do one of those traits will allow you to do that that's playfulness if you can if you can have that sense of playfulness and and and pleasure on demand you will be 30 better and that's what the style that's what the science is showing us that's what the science is telling us when you can move through the world in a state of playful easygoing curiosity you're 30 better at everything okay. And that comes from a very powerful uh very a very uh easy going very forgiving environment known as hostage negotiation.

So if it works for a hostage negotiator might work for you right. Keep that in mind it's 297 right. It's only a small piece of this course. But it's huge right.

We're going to teach you how to sanitize the negativity from your past memories the traumas. So that when you look. Back on the past you only remember the past in ways that make your life better that move you forward one of the things you'll discover in the course is that the trajectory of your future in other words the projection of the future that your neurology is creating is based on your past. So when you clear that past it automatically modifies what you're capable of and deserving in your future we show you how to do that very very powerfully 30 can it be more susan yes.

I believe it can. But i'm just quoting the stats based on just the state not the techniques that can an amplifier or maximize in fact i'll show you how to maximize it more. But 30 bump is good right. Off the bat isn't it we'll show you exactly step by step how to do that we'll show you we'll show you how to do it in a way that's bulletproof okay.

We're going to teach you how to install your own personal success template into your genetic memory in that net time period from conception to zero to five where all of your foundational memories all of your templates all of your um internal avatars of what you are and who you deserve and the values that were imprinted in you without your knowledge without your consent without understanding of what they were we're going to show you how to rewrite those and imprint inside of you a filter that all of your memories are refracted through. So that everything changes spontaneously. Then we're going to teach you very very specifically how to in fact borrow and install the genius skills and abilities of other people into that personal blueprint for success. So that you can actually embody the traits and qualities and characteristics of people you admire when i was uh if any of you have ever seen uh captain jack the hypnotist right.

That video we have on youtube what you're seeing is a magic circle uh an example of this where i actually created a persona that i stepped into and i imprinted within myself the characteristics of certain key identities that i wanted to have more of right. We'll show you how to do that. So you can rewrite your personality you can rewrite your traits qualities and attributes and use those as a way to get even more skillful and more powerful in the shortest amount of time possible it's a 297 dollar we're going to include with that the updated real world hypnosis identity by design course manual the one i just create i just finished that i taught the integrative nlp and hypnotherapy certification we're going to include that tricked out manual which is huge um as part of this program it's a 418 value. So and we're also going to give you access to a facebook.

Group that allows you to commune with the people who are in that program and you can get your hands on training right. So all in all total value 2 497. However as you could probably surmise that we're not going to stop there that's a great place to start though isn't it pulse f says the manual is huge yes. It is and it's going to get bigger as time goes on we're going to continue to update that manual as we find the newest and most powerful um things okay.

So we're if you act today if you if you grab this this special promotion this ultra mind control training secrets for success home study course we're also going to throw in these special bonuses for you okay. You're gonna get our identity by design hypnotherapy and home study course for 2020. it'll teach you systematically how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere you're going to learn instant and rapid inductions conversational hypnosis you'll also learn how to work with clients specifically to remove blocks and limiting beliefs find and remove hidden negativity clear up issues that just don't seem to go away to change those crappy voices inside your head something that builds you up instead of tears you down you're going to resolve negativity from your past install the traits qualities and characters that you want in your clients how to do a client consultation. So the. First part is about how to do this [ __ ] for yourself the.

Second part is how to do this for other people. So if you take both of those you've got the best of both worlds in fact in the in the 14 video course i just outlined previously we actually have graduates of that course going from the. First process to the. Last process in less than seven minutes what if you could completely rewrite the foundations of your personality in seven minutes or less would that be useful would that be a would that be powerful because you'll see it i actually videotaped the process of her doing it it was a female i actually videotaped her doing it as the at the end of the course.

So you'll see that being done. Then we take all of those skill sets we'll show you how they integrate into a hypnotherapy certification uh susan says can we swap out whatever we have yes. If there as long as the price points match and there's something you already have uh. Then we're very flexible you just reach out to stephanie or uh or brandon and they can help you with that okay.

So total value uh with the secrets of personality transformation combined with uh the hypnotherapy home study course 1497 value yes. Seven minutes you'll actually see her do it uh on the at the end of the video okay. Two thousand nine hundred ninety four dollars now the seven minute window doing it all in seven by the way i had a i had a training i did in las vegas two three years ago i had a lady beat that she actually did it in three minutes. But seven minutes doesn't suck to create powerful change wouldn't you agree um how do i know it lasts because i checked.

So total total value. So far two thousand nine hundred and ninety four dollars we're also going to throw in our vibrational influence hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation made easy home study course the 1497. we're going to give this to you free we're going to teach you based on everything that went in the previous courses how to unlock the power of your subconscious mind to find and remove blocks to your health wealth and happiness that you didn't even know you had you're going to learn how to become a money magnet how to master the art and science of attraction how to influence people remotely how to find and remove hidden negativity clear up the issues that just don't seem to go away we're going to teach you a powerful new information method for programming your mind in such a way that your unconscious mind is highly motivated and gives you a reason why you deserve it instead of all the reasons you don't right. We're going to teach you how to attract the things you want and change and attract the things you want and change what you deserve would that be useful if you felt like you didn't deserve a change to suddenly become the person who deserves to have it you think that might be useful yes. Or yes.

Right. We'll show you how to do that we're going to teach you how to manage the negativity from your past how to install the trades qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people turns out there's five characteristics that people who are naturally lucky all have in common using the previous technologies from identity by design and self-match uh personality transformation and included in this course we're going to show you how to take that exact process and plug in these five super traits. So you generate more spontaneous luck everywhere you go would it be cool to not have to work quite as hard to get a better level of result yes. Or no.

This is what it'll do okay. Excellent we're going to teach you the most powerful manifestation technique two techniques actually that i've ever run across you have people often ask me about image cycling in this course one of the very. Last things we put the cherry on the on the on the sunday. So to speak is i go in depth into the art and science of image cycling all of the world according to david how to manifest and you actually see people we'll actually see people changing the taste of water as a byproduct of of the process right.

And how to manifest patent and you'll hear people talking in the vin in the videos you'll actually. Then talk about patently impossible things they've manifested okay. We have never as far as i know released this particular video to the general public uh we just finished we just finished teaching the class uh back in may. So as far as i know it's been sitting fallow on our website we haven't actually launched it yet.

So you guys can be some of the. First to get it uh and and there's a whole bunch more there's mutual work that we teach there's breathing exercises we talk a little bit about geomancy and how to set up your house to be um to be more attractive to money if you're into feng shui and things of that nature and how it all integrates okay. So if you have identity by design and the self mastery supercharged secrets personality transformation process this is the. Next step this is kind of how you take these things to that spiritual or or mingle or purpose level and manifest things once you've gotten your internal environments all lined up.

So total value this is a 497 right. We're going to give it to you absolutely free it's total value of 5 491 if you could buy it on the website which you can't some of these things are no. Longer available on our websites we're also going to throw in we're also going to throw in because one of the things that we have we see often is that many times people have the motivation they have the desire they have um um they have all the skill sets. But the most important one they don't know how to communicate what they do in such a way that people actually want to do what they want them to do right.

If you've ever said something to somebody and you meant one thing and they interpreted another thing and you lost something big this is going to fix that problem for you this is our real world conversation hypnosis course stealth cpi we call it the universal hypnotic persuasion protocol level one this is going to teach you how to become the most influential and persuasive person you can be using your language and controlling your state it's kind of where everything in state control comes together how to instantly hypnotize people during normal conversations without them even realizing you were doing it and have them feel good about it you'll be able to hypnotize anyone any time anymore during normal conversations how to emotionally bond and connect what people want to what you offer in such a way that they feel absolutely compelled to just ask you for it many times you don't even need to close them they'll just ask for what you're offering them okay. And uh we're gonna teach you the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist hey we're going to teach you how to make anything you want seem to cause whatever you want in the mind of the listener we're going to teach you how to make anything you want mean what you want in the mind of the listener we're going to teach you how to redirect a person's focus of awareness and intention in such a way that their mind goes to whatever process you name and their mind automatically begins that state process or experience that follows it and um and. Then it just gets better we're going to teach you how to literally force a person's internal pictures to be what you want them to be with absolutely zero translation error and that's just in the language pattern component we're going to teach you how to make people like love and trust you in the most ethical and sincere useful way possible and have them hanging on your every word if you're really interested in becoming an attraction magnet or having charisma on command you'll discover how to do this right. And again i'm a dude talking about his products and his services and what he does don't trust me trust the people in the chat the people who have actually taken the skills and the technologies and been to the trainings and gone out in the world and make changes talk to them they're right.

There in the chat with you that's why i asked them to help me out because they've done it they've been there right. Um and a whole lot more. So this is again if you if you learn nothing else. But how to uh how to talk to people in a way that's completely ethical in a way that gets people that lets you know exactly what people want and how they know they're getting what they want.

So that you can give it to them in the way that gives them the greatest amount of pleasure and get what you want in the process is that help is that ethical you tell me right. Okay. So. Finally what we're going to do we're going to throw in this final thing now let's say you screwed up let's say for some reason you didn't didn't get a person's checklist let's say you misinterpreted what was going on and all of a sudden they voiced an objection or you discovered they have a limiting belief or you have a limiting belief we're gonna throw in what i call cpi level three this is called renegade reframing this is how to rapidly change beliefs and instantly overcome any objection in just minutes during normal conversation now for those of you who are here for mental you know to learn how to be successful one of the things that we're going to teach you when we come back to the the content portion of our webinar is that we're going to show you how to change your beliefs and change your your your sabotage and things like that what i call the primary encoding system.

But there's another way to do it and that's through reframing changing what how you think about a certain event in such a way that empowers you most of the objections you'll run into out in the world and sales and marketing and conversion things of that nature are based on a belief system or an objection that somebody has this course will systematically teach you 14 different ways for every objection you encounter that you can beat it how to win any argument and when you apply these things to yourself in other words if you wrote to wrote down a limiting belief that you had and you just went through these 14 different patterns your the way you think about that limiting belief would change multiple times instantly it's very powerful and um there's people who've been in the uh who've been in this training who've applied this to themselves and found their beliefs changing spontaneously if you've ever had somebody explain something that you thought was a problem such as all of a sudden you saw it as a benefit that's exactly what this does it for everything you encounter every living belief you have you're going to have at least 14 different responses and if you combine them you get a hole that's greater than the sum of the parts we teach this and it even comes with a card game we call it the reframe game where a person states a limiting belief you throw down a card and they have to to use the pattern on the card to reframe or change the belief it's very fun it's a lot of cool stuff and if you apply it to yourself you'll rapidly discover uh ways that you can talk to people in such a way that you just get them inspired and motivated would that be useful yes. Or yes. Tax our faith says it seems like a set of powerful skills that could be positive negatively depending on person absolutely that's the whole point. But it's never necessary to use this in an unethical way if you understand what a person wants and needs and you demonstrate through your words and your behavior how they can get exactly what they want the way they know they're getting it right.

And you can you can deliver it to them ethically that's a win-win for everyone and it's never necessary to lie cheat or steal all right. We'll show you all the ins and outs of this we'll show you why it's the most ethical most powerful way to communicate with any human being on the planet and. Then we'll show you how to make it even more powerful. So again this is a one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value we're going to include this yours absolutely free total combined value.

So far if you could go to the website and buy all this which by the way a lot of these things are not available on our website as of this time um total combined value is nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars if you register for our uh sequence of personality transformation ultra mind control or success training program okay. So let's just review really quick you're gonna get the secrets of personality transformation 14 video plus the manual seven stage identity by design process it's two thousand four hundred and ninety seven dollar value we're going to throw in as a bonus the real world hypnosis identity by design hypnotherapy certification home study course valued at 1497. uh we're also going to throw in hidden laws of attraction mind magic and manifestation master class valued at 1497. we're also going to teach you or give to you the stealth cpi level 1 universal hypnotic persuasion protocol we're going to give that to you free valued at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars and. Finally we're going to throw in the renegade reframing how to overcome any objection and change beliefs instantly home study course you cannot use renegade reframing without cpi one um. So we give you stealth cpi one and.

Then we give you the. Next step. So if you're involved in any form of mediation negotiation counseling uh therapeutic work this is probably one of the most important skill sets to uh that you can add to your repertoire um okay. Uh let's see here.

So total value nine thousand three hundred and ninety one dollars if you were to go to the website and buy it today. But i think at least three of these courses are not available on the website. So the only place you can get them is right. Here on this special package okay.

Uh golden path thank you for asking about golden path layla golden path we're teaching that in january we do not sell a golden path course and we probably never will sell a golden path course the reason for that is is because a lot of personal information is uh exchanged by the practitioners of golden path that they not necessarily want released in the form of a product. So golden path workshops will always be done in a live format they will never be released as a product and now because of we're we're using a lot of these personality transformation techniques these identity by design techniques as part of our golden path workshop uh secrets of personal transformation or identity by design is now a prerequisite for taking golden path. So if you want to get into our golden path workshop and get into that spiritual purpose level um. Then you can.

Then this is probably the best the fastest on-ramp to that golden path is a way of defining what your purpose in this life is it's about auditing your life the job history the things that you love that you no. Longer do. But would like to do again and putting it all together to create a profile for what your mission in this life is supposed to be now i need to stress that um we talk about golden path it's not about the right. Job for you it's about a lifestyle and.

So there are lots of people who graduated from golden path who can who can speak to that i'm going to continue to present because i want to get back to the content and start helping you change some of this stuff we do not have a venue for golden path as of yet right. Now we're looking at the las vegas and it will also be pro and depending on um covered restrictions there may be a hybrid version okay. Okay. So here's how to get the best deal humanly possible today is that a good deal by the way do you think that's that would kind of fix you up yes.

Or yes. Ponch is asking what do i click to pay for it um well i'm glad you asked okay. So obviously we're not going to charge you 99 391 dollars we're not gonna charge you six thousand three hundred and forty seven dollars we're not even going to charge you five thousand three thousand we're not even going to charge you 2347 for those of you who want to get all this today and get started on the fast track to everything you want all it is is one low installment of just 9.97 or three easy installments of just 3.97 and all you got to do to start collecting on that right. Now is go to www.nlpower.comforwardslash mental training secrets mental hyphen secrets.com the uh uh for those of um for those of you who are in our youtube group let me go ahead and post those links for you um just.

So you have them because um hold on a. Second hold on a. Second here for those of you who are interested in grabbing this and by the way if you have some of the courses that we've just outlined and you want to swap it out reach out to stephanie at 858-282-4663 and as long as the price points match stephanie nlpower.com she'll happily make some exchanges for you to help you to customize your program. So it's only one low installment of 997 or you can just or if you want you can do three easy installments of just 397. okay.

So go ahead and go ahead and type that link or put that link in there right. Plus for those of you who are worried try this course for 90 days just follow the instructions go step by step through it if after 90 days you're not making more money feeling more confident closing more deals attracting more success manifesting your dreams if you're not feeling more secure confident and powerful if you're not taking fast decisive actions or seeing changes in your mind your body your spirit will refund all of your money take if you're not satisfied with what these courses do i don't want your money i want you to find i'm going to return that money to you and you find something else that works for you if it works for you keep it use it to make your life everything you want if it doesn't let us know we'll make it right. Somehow for you okay. We're going to give you a 90-day guarantee if you don't if it doesn't work we'll give it back okay.

Go ahead and just go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental dash secrets forward slash mental dash secrets remember the hyphen okay. Okay. Cool all right. So what else can we add to make this even sweeter for you well if only and again remember i said there's two components to being successful the.

First one is an identity do you believe you deserve it even if you don't i'll show you how the. Second one is action taking fast decisive action ashwin if you had problems with that audio we have another course called secrets of personality transformation we'll give it to you free. So you can go ahead and um you can go ahead and review those courses okay. There's a problem if there's a technical problem we'll add another course for you okay.

So if you grab your courses before october 1st 2020 at 11 59 p.m tonight we're also going to include you're going to get these fast action bonuses as well. First one we're going to give you a three month trial membership to our online skill building workshop the nlp power mastermind mentoring program this is a hands-on do the drills get the skills workshop this is not a workshop that's going to give you a certification this is this we get together on the. Third saturday of every month and on the. Third saturday of every month i literally go around the room i literally go around the room and say ashwin what do you want to learn john what do you want to learn jeff what do you want to learn stephanie what do you want to learn paul what are you on seth what are you on a legger what are you on i write them all on the screen on my little notes i look.

At where they all connect i create a lesson plan right. On the spot and for the. Next four hours i drill you on those skills live and online in person online depending on the on the restrictions until you can do those skill sets in your sleep okay. You will not get a certificate from the nlp power mastermind mentoring program what you will get is a skill set you'll be able to actually do this stuff you'll be able to work on your sticking points drill down on things that are important to you based on what you need at the time you come back.

Next month we wash winter pete we what are you going to work on today what do you want to work on today what do you want to work on today create the lesson plan on the spot do the drills get the skills you can do them in your sleep uh pink light is asking when will you have in-person events again pink light we never stopped the moment the restrictions in california hit we moved all of our live events to las vegas and. So we still have them if you can make it we encourage you to do that all right. Ancestral twins isn't being able to pick a program or a lesson that you can learn from your room from a hologram are you okay. I don't know that i miss that i am one mastermind session in and every time i even mildly stressed out it's my happy thought works like a charm kathleen was just in our she was just took.

Our. First mastermind training. So we're going to give you as part of this program just for grabbing yours today we're going to give you three months free and if you like it sign up for the program and and just keep coming in until you're done some people come in for a month some people come in for 10 years we've been running it non-stop since 2010. every month for every for the. Last 10 years we have we have done this workshop we have videotaped every single one of those workshops and we've archived them on the facebook.

Group and on the nlp power website and you for the time you're you're a member of the mastermind program you'll have absolute access to the entire 10 years yes. There's absolutely way to watch it online if you're not in the area okay. Um. So yeah great question and thank you uh veterans for for answering those questions um we we do our best to make sure that you get the biggest bang for your buck and and i really mean that because it's not enough to just watch the videos you've got to have a way to externalize remember we talked about an externalization filter you got to have a way to get these skills out of your head and into the world you've got to speak them you've got to do them we're going to when we circle back around to the hidden laws of mental dynamics and body centered energy psychotherapy you're going to see and put this all together you're going to see how it all manifests for you okay.

So we're gonna give you three months test it if you like it stay if you don't well you got three months of hands-on practice and feedback from me would that be useful to have me looking over your shoulder and kind of giving you the now do this now do this now do this right. Total value 594. um we're going to give it to you free total value. So far combined value is 9 985 we're also going to throw in for those of you who are interested uh we're going to give you the stealth instant conversational hypnosis crash course this is a 997 value and it's designed for people who want to get up and running in the shortest amount of time possible literally with this course you can watch two videos and be out using conversational hypnosis on anyone you meet like that if you do the drills right. If you want to get started fast and start seeing how these things we also include videos on anchors and action hit nine o'clock buttons lie detection a few other bonuses as well.

So there's a couple extra bonus sets in there. But the core is the language training patterns that'll get you up and running in the shortest amount of time possible it's a 997 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free if you're one of the. Next people to sign up on today's webinar okay. We're going to include that for you total value.

So far 10 982. But you know what i just couldn't i couldn't not do this i am such a big fan of hands-on training is we're gonna for each and every one of you. Next 15 people to register for this program today we're going to throw in a free vip super ticket what this means is that you are going to get live for free live attendance to any single live event of your choice some restrictions apply on our 2020 2021 calendar okay. It's a it's a one thousand 950 value right.

Now this is where you. Finally get to see the magic in action this is where you get to be in a room with me for three five seven days and i look. Over your shoulder and i make you do the drills i give you feedback i install things in you you install things in each other we do three times more hands-on training than any other trainer in the industry and our job is to give you the skill sets. So that you can do this anytime anywhere under any circumstances and as many of our graduates will tell you sometimes in as little as two minutes right.

If you're you know again depending on the subject sometimes if you're slow maybe 10 minutes right. So this is exactly you know why the live trainings are. So important because we make you do the work we actually make you log and keep track of your repetitions and you have to do at least technique each three times as a subject and three times as the operator or you don't get your certificate right. So the thing you need to know about our vip ticket is that they never expire you have it until you use it price points no.

Longer matter if you're if you're coming to a workshop that's in uk or canada or australia the price points are different you get to go to the head of the line right. If something happens at the. Last minute and you can't attend all you gotta do is pick up the phone or send an email to stephanie she will move you to another training if the training is full and something comes up and you want to come at the. Last minute if you have one of these vip tickets pick up the phone call stephanie we will make room for you okay.

All we ask is that you give us a heads up. So we can get the materials prepared for you because we make the materials ahead of time based on people who've committed to attendance okay. Our vip tickets are super cool you can gift them to other people there are certain trainings where the vip ticket won't necessarily give you full access. But it'll give you a massive discount and stephanie can give you all the details on those it's usually a training uh where we have to share the revenues with somebody who's inviting us to come in.

But anything that i'm fully sponsoring and hosting it's it's free if it's if it's training over seven days there's usually an extra surcharge because we cover up to like six or seven five to six days for any training she can give you that where's the payment link okay. People are asking for a potty ordering break. So let's go back to uh to this. So this is the free vip super.

But this is only good for the. Next 15 people to register okay. If you like the package i've outlined if you think if you can see where it can help you um go ahead and take the plunge grab that grab the package because that's the. First step towards deserving to have the changes it's a 1950 value we're going to give it to you absolutely free total combined value for this entire program from soup to nuts from the secrets of personal transformation all the way up to that vip super ticket combined value is 12 932 yours today for one low price one loan installment of just 997 or three easy installments of just 397. all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental secrets.com i'm going to go ahead and give you guys a five or six minute potty break um everything is downloadable frank.

So uh brandon and the comp the crew can go ahead and uh answer any questions that you have yeah we have a lot i'm going to actually show you what we've got coming up when i come back when i come back i'm going to show you what the. Next three trainings we've got come up. So you can decide where you want to use that ticket okay. But it's only available for the.

Next 15 to jump in okay. And go ahead and take it's uh 5 57 my time let's come back at 607 and we will continue with the rest of our training i was going to answer all these questions just in the chat. But it um get smart is asking i'm curious about what akashic records and how you access them uh i access it through uh specific forms of meditation and we'll show you how to actually hidden laws of attraction is actually a good a good primer for that kind of work even though it's focused more on um even though it's more focused on manifestation uh phil jablonski says over here it's october 2nd already well. Then it would be 11 59 pm october 2nd for you phil we try to be fair uh when our break is over if it's okay.

With you cindy bogart says i don't know what's going on here. But i have no. Volume cindy try refreshing your page sometimes the driver doesn't load correctly tj says i do feel very euphoric after image cycle and i believe it's already starting to manifest things very cool the secret to manifesting with image cycling this is a big one the secret to image cycling is you gotta mean you only image cycle for as long as you're feeling pleasure okay. Now an advanced image cycling will show you how to take negative emotions and actually use that to fuel your cycling.

But for most people most people don't get enough pleasure in their life. So the emphasis on pleasure is actually very healing as well as manifestat manifestation facilitating for people is it possible to go to hands-on training since i'm yes. Pancho it's absolutely possible if you don't mind coming to las vegas because that's for the time being every live event that we have and we have we haven't we have a ton of them i'm going to show i'm going to show you our uh the. Next three uh when we come back from the break.

But um yeah we have uh you know we we have live trainings all the time absolutely david i bought enough and when bro okay. Kathleen served again okay. Kathleen mclean says i bought enough 0.999 silver bars to cash in if and when virtual certification becomes available we kathleen if you are physically you're you're in canada right. Here's how our you know let me talk about this really quick because some people ask well i can't travel um one of the things that that happens many times especially now with this whole pandemic and everything going on is many of the countries that our students come from have closed their borders right.

We get that we get that you want to come to the live events. But your countries won't let you right. So what we have done is we've instituted a hybrid certification program. So the way this works if you have to have to work with stephanie on this if you want to do it if you are physically prohibited if you're physically prohibited by for legislative reasons legal reasons from traveling outside of your your country or your state we give you the option to attend a live training virtually and.

Then what and if you want certification what you are required to do we give you permission to do this you are to record each and every one of your zoom breakouts at the end of that you are to you are to upload that video to a dropbox folder and one of our instructors will personally vet your sessions to make sure a you've got the required reps b you got the results you're going for and that you followed our processes and that you've done the work if they are satisfied with what you've submitted that you've followed along you've done the work with your partners virtually you'll be issued a provisional certification and a free vip ticket to the. Next live event that you can't attend. So literally what happens is you go through the training in real time virtually right. Along with the rest of the class we actually have a proctor who actually works with alongside you as the group online making sure you do the exercises making sure your questions are answered uh interacting with me i pop in and make weird faces at you from time to time uh it's not within 15 minutes it's the.

Next 15 people to order kate okay. Um and. So what happens is at the end of the training you submit your videos we vet them and. Then we issue that provisional certification.

So you can hang that on your wall you'll either get it in the mail or you can print you can have a printed version and it's just as good as a regular certification. But it will remain a provisional certification that's good up to a year to two years depending on how long this thing lasts and what we expect for you to do is the the moment the restrictions are released we give you the opportunity to attend a live event for free and uh and and. Then that way you get vetted and. Then your certification gets upgraded to a full certification from nlp power from the icbch or whatever certifying bodies are uh we're working through at that time and you're golden right.

And and. So that's our commitment. But we have to have a way to make sure that you as the practitioner do the work. So we do have a hybrid program in place if that's what you want to do just let stephanie know and uh we'll we'll get you in we just had we had we just did a nine day eight day certification we had four or five people do the hybrid training and they work right.

Alongside uh right. Alongside our people like um actually zoom will let you do that now jim uh you might have to upgrade your account. But as far as i know everybody that we had on the call had no. Problems i think there's a setting or an app they just released an update that lets people do that.

So. But reach out to stephanie she'll give you all the in the uh the ins and outs of that okay. It's 607. So um before i jump back to the training let me talk about the three big events we've got coming up uh for 2019 and you can make a decision as to which one you want to use your vip ticket for which one you want to come to is that okay.

Okay. Cool let's do this all right. So let's jump into let's go back to [Music] where's there it is. So real quick for those of you who are interested in taking advantage of that vip ticket we have october 23rd through the 25th online a real world hypnose real world conversational hypnosis three-day online certification boot camp that's october 23rd through the 25th you can use your vip ticket for that it's a fully online training we also have a face reading level 1 online practitioner certification november 6th through the 8th.

So if you're interested in learning how to read people's faces create personality profiles how to influence them this is great for any form of counseling therapy or influence work uh we'll be doing that a lot it'll be live from san diego. But you can attend it anywhere from anywhere november 6th through the 8th 2020 and for those of you who want to go deep dive into the deep end of the personal transformation pool we have a five day real world hypnotherapy certification in washington dc november 18th through the 22nd this is for those of you who missed the special deals go back scroll up because uh we'll go back over it in just a minute uh and again you can use your vip ticket for this uh this will be hosted by jason lynette i'll be teaching the entire five days uh. So best says she'll be in dc uh for those of you who are interested in golden path golden path will be uh the. Next one is uh january 2020. um i don't have the exact dates.

But if stephanie or brandon can post that you can absolutely use your vip ticket for the golden path okay. So once again real world conversational hypnosis three day online certification boot camp october 23rd through the 25th face reading level one practitioner certification the 8th 2020 stream live and of course the real world five-day hypnotherapy certification this is a live training a hybrid option if you can't make it. But you want to attend it virtually um there are some there are some hoops you're going to have to jump through. But we're happy to do that for you okay.

And of course january we've got golden path coming up. So okay. Okay. So let's go ahead and jump back into um where we're going for today okay.

Let's start with the rules of the mind okay. Does anybody have any questions about anything we've talked about go ahead and type it in the chat and our people will answer that for you as quickly as possible some people are having lag issues and with drop work when i post the replay that may that may correct itself let me see if i can make that a little bit okay. Does anybody have any questions on the things we talked about. So far in terms of beliefs beliefs identity action um things of that nature if you haven't now is a good time to ask your questions because we're going to get into some of the meat and potatoes of the change work 397 is a monthly payment yes.

Yes. If you need to set up a payment plan the deal will still hold if you can't get back to you you just gotta let her know uh asap it's 20 20 now yes. It is we have a full schedule lined up for 2021. But it takes too much time to go through it all here.

But we're happy to stephanie will happily go over that with you okay. So when we broke off we gave you your. First introduction to altered state work. So do you guys remember what we did to access that altered state you guys if you did type yes.

Yes. In the chat please okay. Now the system that you accessed we call that the holographic information processing network and the dynamics of this system are such that there for everything you do inside your mind there is a vibrational construct around your body you know the best thing the best way i can explain this how many people have ever seen a movie like minority report or the avengers or what have you. So if you have type it in the chat okay.

Excellent now you know when when like tony stark or uh tom cruise goes into this virtual reality bubble right. Where he's expanding something moving it around um exploding the diagram things i'm dating myself yes. I am i'm an old [ __ ] right. Um that's exactly how your proprioceptive grid functions the truth is that human beings always create technology that mirrors what we do with our neurology okay.

And. So one of the things that we did. First and foremost we had you remember a time in your life when you had a certain type of feeling you guys remember that. Then we had to relive that experience we asked what you would see what you would hear what you would smell what you would taste what you would feel you guys remember this process yes.

Or yes. Right. Once you had that we had you do what point to where in your body you felt it right. Are we are you with me.

So far okay. Now once we had that internal system accessed what did we do we asked ourselves a question we said if there were a picture that represented that experience floating in the space around us that we could reach out and touch where would we reach out to touch it and. Then we reached out and we touched it true or not true do we do that okay. What you've done there is you've connected your internal processing system to your external processing system okay.

We call that process and the principles that govern it body-centered energy psychotherapy and it has very specific key attributes now here's the best part you don't need to know a lot of these things to make changes. But it helps if you have somebody guiding you through these processes you don't need to know any of the things i'm about to tell you. But if you're going to guide yourself through these processes. Then you need to understand it does that make sense body centered energy psychotherapy you guys on youtube with me.

So far okay. So using this virtual reality bubble avengers uh iron man minority report if we can imagine around us a grid system and i'll show you what that again. So you can envision it um by the way this grid system is not just a is not just something david made up it's something that david discovered and and concluded based on the research of several systems how many of you have heard of a system called heartmath.org annie strickland or is that annie hold on a. Second melanie strickland is this for meditation melanie this can be for anything that involves altered states of consciousness okay.

This is this is where everything really starts to kind of come together because now when we all what we want. First and foremost is a consistent and reliable way to access the building blocks of everything that we think feel and believe you make does that make sense. So far and that's what i'm going to teach you how to do and the way the way that you modulate and manage this system is by how the feelings in your body change as you manipulate the projections we're talking about are you with me. So far okay.

If you don't you can go to wwe they have a free ebook. That you can download for those of you who are interested in this kind of work for influencing purposes uh you read chapter six if you're interested in this and understanding the the organic and electromagnetic foundations of what i'm sharing with you uh start at the beginning of the book. Okay. But this is how i've cobbled together a map a system if it were for how to create very powerful very rapid changes and it comes from the understanding that every single thing that human beings think feel experience believe understand has a structure to it and that structure has a code based on visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data all right.

Now in our identity by design programs our real world trauma resolution we're we will go very very very in depth in our nlp classes we will go very very in-depth into the subtleties of this system for the for the level of change that you want to affect you don't need that that degree of specificity um hold on a. Second there was a question where you asked was heartmath.org are we asking for the uh the url for the the the training package there's that if you need that okay. So let me give you again we've got the conceptual idea now let's take a look. At what that might look.

Like and and some of the big picture pieces of this okay. Because we're going to start to play with it now uh hold on a. Second let me share my screen is this useful by the way is this helpful i need to know okay. Cool all right.

So let's look. At our diagrams once again start to put these things together all right. Real quick. So we can.

So we can kind of visualize this let's look. At this. So everything that human beings do is built from this va kog coding system okay. Now again we don't need we just need the big pieces right.

Now the human heart radiates an electromagnetic field around the body that is measurable with instruments up to eight feet in diameter from the body okay. In fact if you're within eight feet of another human being your electromagnetic field of your heart actually interacts with the electromagnetic field of somebody else's heart and causes them to synchronize and exchange emotional information now we'll cover the dynamics of information exchange remote viewing remote influence and manifestation and hidden laws of attraction we'll cover it in vibrational influence. But for right. Now for making personal changes ourself we need to be able to conceptualize this.

So we can understand the dynamics of it okay. Okay. So again here's some and by the way these pictures are actually from heartmath.org this is actually what their what their their science is showing now when it comes to making changes human beings have two levels to this system this is the one that most people operate from we call this your proprioceptive grid i want to say let me see if i can okay. The proprioceptive grid this is an this is an information filing system that your neurology your proprioception your mirror neurons your your cardiac nervous system your central nervous system and your autonomic nervous system integrate together to organize your internal and external experience.

So you guys will remember when i had you access the altered state work right. The secret to this is imagine a time when you felt a certain way access the visual auditory kinesthetic olfactory and gustatory data and here's the secret to this all you got to do is play pretend remember we talked about absorption and focus all you got to do is play pretend just like you did when you were a kid and pretend that you can do this and you will access the altered state of consciousness necessary to do the work we're about to do is that clear go ahead and type in the chat if that if that makes sense okay. So you see how this is all starting to fit together now every belief that you have regardless of where it is at the hierarchy whether it's a spiritual belief a purpose level belief an identity level belief a criterion values belief right. Um or anything lower they're all built from the same stuff gustatory means for those melanie's asking what is gustar it means taste right.

You know someone said you know i ever heard that heard this thing tastes like victory right. Uh when they when someone some when some something good happens to somebody you hear them go sweet which is what they're accessing is one of these primary channels of information that are projected out to this and. Then organized like this. So really quickly the dividing line is the spinal cord of the body anything in the front of you anything out front of you is open active and running okay.

When something passes this boundary here your neurology starts to code it differently your neurology starts to code it has closed over complete in other words as far as your neurology is concerned it's done are you guys with me. So far. So what we did we had you access let me go back to my my screen we had you start to access your altered states. First of all we talked about absorption and focus we start about playfulness and pleasure and why we want to work with that we close our eyes.

We visualize or we you know we we remember what we saw during those of those states that we want to access remember what we heard we remember what we tasted what we smelled and. Finally what we felt we find the body feeling we turn it into a color we breathe that color through our entire being now what you've done here is you've done something very very important is you've linked the imagination with the body with the breath the the the link between psyche and soma the link between mind and body is the breath okay. And. So one of the fastest ways that we can synchronize everything together is by changing uh using the mind to generate a body feeling turning that body feeling into a color breathing the color filling in the room and feeling the bringing the color through our body that saturates our grid with uh feelings that lead to an altered state whatever that altered state is okay.

Are you guys with me. So far. Then what we did was had you point to where you feel it and if there were imagine now pretend if there were a picture floating somewhere in the space around me a picture that i could reach out and touch where would i reach out to touch it and we had you reach out and touch it right. Now when we start dealing and dialoguing with the unconscious mind a couple of.

First two or three things i want to get out of the way. First thing is your unconscious mind which is the part of your neurology you're accessing now your other than conscious mind the part of your your mind that act that we're accessing is the unconscious mind the unconscious mind always answers. First follow me let me go to my powerpoint. So we can we can jump into this because this is where things start to get a little we're going to be bouncing back and forth.

So if i lose you just just type it in the chat we'll go back and we'll revisit it because once we understand the dynamics of this system we're just going to start changing [ __ ] and you'll have the tools to start changing stuff automatically okay. Okay. So let's go back to um what is cj johnson asks what is itching during soma a sign up it's usually a sign of processing and experience when you start doing this the body is going to generate all kinds of interesting symptoms in fact about 51 percent of the time people get warm all over they break out into sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people yawn some people just feel waves and motion coming up pretty much anything your body does when you go through this process is a sign of your body reorganizing itself it's supposed to happen don't try to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just allow that process to run its course if you try to do anything to hurry it along you tend to slow it down. So you have to be ready.

So let's talk about the dynamics of an unconscious response. So we can start making use of this system in a way that's really useful. So um oops that was not what i planned hold on a. Second i'm jumping around here.

So i apologize. So does everybody have um this conceptualization down before we move on does everybody have this some people vomit well actually they don't um i've had people try to vomit. But they've never actually succeeded um. But i've had people like have massive dry heaves right.

Folks on youtube are you good yeah you don't you don't make it happen you pretend and play with it this is the secret this is again if you're into meditation any form of manifestation this is going to take your stuff to a whole new level all right. So we have this conceptualized this conceptualization of the proprioceptive grid and how it functions and how it works everything that we're going to a lot of things that we're going to do initially are going to be based on accessing the system connecting what's inside of us to what's outside of us okay. And. Then manipulating the code all right.

Let me go back to this. So let's talk about rules um i think the. First and foremost we need to talk about rules of the mind and i'm going to try and make this as actionable as possible. But there are some theoretical things that we need to understand.

First of all all change occurs via altering our state of consciousness i call this the law of altered states okay. Nothing that human beings do happens until we access the state of consciousness that where those skills were encoded each of those skills is encoded bakog once we can access the vakog inside and outside simultaneously rapid change becomes possible and manageable and that's the big that's the big one a lot of people in nlp know about this this vak system. But they do it almost exclusively as they use it almost exclusively as a hallucination they don't give it any vibrational reality or phenomenality to it they don't accept it or treat it as a vibrational phenomenon or projection from the body an actual one that can be manipulated and truth be told you don't have to believe that your body actually has an energy field for this to work you just have to act as if it's true and you'll get the change. Anyway okay.

The secret to a lot of what we're doing is to play pretend the. First rule of understanding the the law of unconscious and mental dynamics is the unconscious mind always answers. First okay. So we're going to talk about um dialoguing with your nervous system.

So you can learn to trust the information that you're getting which is the big problem you see a lot of us when we. First jump into learning how to fix ourselves we go to learn to go to a self-help course a lot of us buy self-hypnosis videos meditation videos and if the guy is any halfway competent and we've halfway followed the instructions um we usually wind up in an altered state the problem is half the time we don't realize we're in an alter state we're often wondering is this [ __ ] actually working and. So what happens is we reliably go into an altered state while doubting we're in an altered state and we practice rehearsing doubt in an altered state which makes us more doubtful right. And and that's kind of the problem uh cindy barger doesn't seem good here don't understand vomiting people will start to purge physiologically emotionally sometimes both um that's a great question even evan hold that until the end till i've gone through the actual process for some of the people who haven't been around for a while and i'll circle back and answer that okay.

Um. So. First and foremost let's talk about the dynamics of an unconscious response because we need to start somewhere and we need to be able to trust the information that we're getting uh where did i put it sometimes i forget where i stick stuff bear with me here guys i'm sorry okay. Here we go i had it exactly where i put it imagine that.

So here's the six the six tip the sense principles for dialoguing with the other than conscious mind remember one one thing. First and foremost your your unconscious mind always answers. First usually non-verbally okay. For those of you who see clients this is really really key it always answers honestly in other words you gotta whatever it comes up.

First is usually the most accurate and direct route to the problem okay. The moment your feelings change you're in an altered state the minute you point to where you feel it you're in an altered state the minute you vakog you're in an altered state all of these things are signs that you're in an altered state human beings are never not in an altered state that's one of the big delusions that we labor on here. Third and foremost it's always gonna feel like you made it up okay. Don't worry kate you can go back and catch the replay okay.

When you dialogue with your autonomic nervous system your unconscious mind is always going to answer you. First usually non-verbally you will always answer you honestly even if what you get doesn't seem to make sense we'll talk about that in a minute it will always feel like you're making it up because the part of you that controls your entire neurology the part of you that controls every emotion every memory every moment of pretend is also the part that makes [ __ ] up. So it will feel that way and that brings us to the biggest problem that will be the biggest detriment to people who don't understand dialoguing with the unconscious you will always have an urge to edit what just came up in other words i ask you to go back to the very. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of xyz problem i you think you're going back to a time when you were 30 years old and you went through a divorce boom all of a sudden the.

First thing that pops up you're five years old standing in the living room watching your parents argue and you're in another part of your mind goes no. That can't be right. Well that's what i'm talking about when you start dialogue your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system does not organize your experiences in in a linear manner it's constantly cross referencing other things by what they have in common in the context. So when you start to dialogue with this part of you the information you get the most important pieces will always come up.

First and. Then they will always be the most honest and accurate even though we may not consciously understand where it came from it will always feel like you're making it up okay. This is a big piece this is what screws up. So many good personal development systems they don't tell you this [ __ ] right.

If you do hypnosis or nlp or any form of altered state change work and you're not letting your clients know always answers. First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you've probably encountered this they come out of trance going i don't think i was hypnotized i heard everything you said right. I did everything you wanted me to do i felt like i was i think i was just making it up in my head right. If you've ever encountered this stuff those are the things that will undermine your session because they don't understand the difference between an unconscious response and a conscious one and this is something if you're doing self work you got to understand it you've got to trust this phenomenon right.

Whether you're working with me personally whether you're working with one of my trained counselors or or or practitioners whether you're doing the live trainings with people and and and they're guiding you through these processes as you learn to do them for yourself and for others you gotta trust this if you just told your clients the six things i'm sharing with you before you begin a session eighty percent of your resistance and the things that would undermine the changes you're trying to get would go out the window they would just disappear right. But people don't understand this and if someone had taught me this 30 years ago i could have avoided the slow learning curve i had right. So. First three always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up always have an urge to edit what just came up this is the part that again people go up you know like i said people go you tell people to go back to the. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause they think they're going to 30 years old and all of a sudden poof they're five years old going no. That can't be right. Yet is it came up.

First it came up honestly and it's not linear and which brings us to the fourth rule or fifth rule the information you get will almost never be linear and when it is linear you can almost bet dollars to donuts that there's a part of that experience that is the problem not the entire experience and that's not linear does that make sense are you following me. So far research says most of our members are false you're saying this will bring up real memories all memories are made up money the memory we don't actually store memories as we understand them we actually reconstruct them right. Uh if you wanna if you wanna follow up there's some other theories about how emotion how emotions and memories are made and uh one of the things i would like you to reference is called the uh the theory of constructed emotions emotions and memories are reconstructed on the fly and the process of reconstructing them changes them because the way the brain puts together the va kog sequencing and the subtle the subtle differences in each of those channels changes as context and emotion change. But the best part is it's the same neurology doing it making those changes and.

So instead of making them happen randomly instead of making them happen randomly you can take control of the editing deck and once you understand how to access that level you can change it to what you want it to be would that be useful yes. Yes. Cool excellent all right. So let's talk about again just to make it official i'm dialoguing with the unconscious mind if you remember nothing from this training point to where you feel it and these six questions or these six characteristics always answers.

First always answers honestly always feels like you're making it up you always have an urge to edit what just came up more often than not the information you access will not be obvious it will always be like quiet or soft like a whim or a notion in the back of your mind it will never have that loud in your face feel to it like i said it will have this made up feel to it whichever one they're rob says david which heart math book. Whichever one they're offering as a free ebook. On their website lisa thank you i love everything about you too even though i hardly know you. But i think.

But i think you get the idea and. Finally we talked about this it's almost never linear. So these are the characteristics of an unconscious response when you start dialoguing with your system you have to ask your body certain questions you following me. So far and this brings us to another series of concepts and we call this body-centered energy psychotherapy uh cj the answer usually happens within a few seconds right.

Usually it's the usually the. First answer you dismiss is the right. One now here's remember i said that a lot of times when the when the unconscious mind answers you it will answer you non-verbally many times that answer will be a feeling it will be a body feeling every single thing we do every single thing we do starts with a body feeling the difference is whether we're conscious of it or not okay. We call that the enteroceptive or the enteric nervous system okay.

Every single emotional response that we have actually starts off with a kinesthetic body sensation uh robin we called it body-centered energy psychotherapy if this were hypnosis class we would call it body-centered hypnotherapy. But this is a more integrative approach because a lot of people are not hypnotherapists and stuff like that don't worry ron there'll be a replay okay. You may miss out on the uh on the on the webinar bonus package if you don't take it you know hurry. But um.

So are we clear on those six characteristics science of the heart volume two very cool excellent okay. It's getting hot in here um. So let's move forward. So once again this is dialoguing with the other than conscious mind oops i don't like that.

Next piece is going to be body centered energy psychotherapy now these concepts you don't really need all of them. But we're going to go through them very very quickly okay. Somatic engagement this is what happens when you point to where you feel it reach out and touch it okay. So semantic engagement is this concept of whatever we're doing we want to act out the change.

So how many of you familiar with my spinning technique yes. Okay. So in the spinning technique we point to where we feel it we look. In with our inner eyes.

We notice the color we reach in we grab it all we take it out and notice it's spinning it's moving in a certain direction we notice what direction is actually spinning right. Then what do we do we physically grab it we physically grab it with our hands this is semantic engagement we're treating that vibrational construct like a solid object that's moving and we're physically manipulating it and we make it spin the other way right. And we act out the change right. We keep spinning it until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when it's impossible to go back to the way it was we slam it back in the program goes into the system it surges and unpacks through the entire neurology internally and externally there's a reprocessing phase that the person goes through usually they break out in a sweat they twitch their high eyelids sometimes fibrillate and do all kinds of interesting things and.

Then all of a sudden boom they sign like and they can't go back right. If you've ever done our spinning process we'll probably cover that in another webinar um. But that's semantic engagement in the altered state drill i gave you where we played pretend we had you close your eyes. Remember a time when we pointed to where you felt it we reached out and touched the picture you guys remember that yes.

Or yes. Okay. Now that's called somatic bridge we'll talk about that in a. Second.

But basically what we're doing here here is we're connecting inside to outside we're connecting our internal processor to our external projections. Then what did i have to do i had you trace the outline of that picture. So you knew exactly what shape it took. You guys remember when i said that okay.

Then what did i have you do i had you grab the picture didn't i i had you make it bigger and notice what happened to the feelings in your body. Then i had you make it smaller notice what happened i had you pull it closer and notice how your feelings changed i had you lift it above your head and pull it down around you like a big blanket you guys remember me doing this with you yes. Yes. Okay.

What you did there was somatic engagement in other words we acted out the change that we wanted to make we also did what i call internal external calibration once we link your internals to your externals the. Next thing we have to do is modulate degree of change right. This is you figuring out how you code your experience okay. Are you guys with me.

So far okay. Now i start with pleasure. But you can literally use this process for any state you can name and any state you can vividly imagine if you can remember it or imagine it and it creates a body feeling you're cooking with gas okay. Now we talk about semantic engagement which is acting out the change right.

We also talk about somatic bridge which is the point where you feel it reaching out and touching it right. If we visualize the picture getting bigger or smaller would that not have the same effect x it can. But what happens a lot of times i see this a lot in the nlp side of the world a lot of times because people do a lot of these processes just in their head they don't get the same integration and synergistic change. So if you want to maximize your chances for fast full spectrum change link the internal to the external and act out the change.

Then it doesn't matter what your conscious mind believes this is the secret when the body starts acting out the process it overwrites any resistance from the critical faculty of the conscious mind it doesn't matter what you believe if you act it out and you just keep acting it out it will overwrite the critical faculty okay. So can you do it as a purely hypnotic mental construct yes. Does it work better uh some no. Strategically and historically no.

No. And we've had people try it both ways. But don't believe me do it both ways and see which one gives you the the greater effect the fastest okay. Don't believe anything i tell you right.

Just do it and test it if you can't test it you can't manage it right. Okay. Good okay. So now.

So that's some static engagement somatic bridge let's talk about the. Next one somatic address and very simply we have a somatic bridge or somatic address every time we point to where we feel it right. Every single belief memory experience good or bad right. Or wrong real or not has a corresponding body location no.

We call this point-and-click therapy if you can point to where you feel it you can change it okay. You don't need to know all the little ins and outs or the little theories behind it just know that if you can point to where you feel it and change that feeling to a color you've now accessed the system we just talked about are you with me. So far nigel asked is this work on children yes. It works very well on children provided you can get them to follow the instructions we have actually uh for children we actually have smaller versions of this that are we call it color breathing and the color game works really well on children under the age of 10. it's not as complicated and for those of you who get the identity by design course uh and vibrational hypnotherapy courses uh you'll be you'll be introduced very very deeply to uh this vibrational uh breath color color breathing process one of the address is the same for multi it's fine that's fine uh human beings tend to store similar feelings in similar locations there are certain ways that they can do it and the swedish studies have proven that let me let me show you something really quick um actually i have to do it this way again i'm kind of sorry um sorry.

But not sorry that i'm kind of going off on tangents um. But i think it's important to see how these things come together let me show you this really quick sorry i had to open up a file that was not readily accessible um and it's still not accessible where did it go okay. Why is that not showing up there it that's not it um that's weird i'll have to do it this way okay. Let me show you this picture really quick this is from a swedish study that was circulating around the internet maybe two three years ago this is the body locations where different types of emotions tend to congregate now each of these body locations will have similar uh we'll have memories and beliefs and thoughts grouped together by what they have in common.

But also by context now sometimes those commonalities are very very small sometimes they're very very big. But this is the science this is what it's showing us based on subjective questions and things like that. So um i think these were mris or cts or something like that i forget exactly how they did this. But it was if you can find a there's a study from scandinavia that was done.

So i just wanted to share that with you really really quick just. So you understand that there's always going to be a body location for every feeling belief memory a person has there's going to be a body location because there's a feeling if by if there's no. Feeling by definition they don't have a problem now with people who've undergone severe trauma with people who've undergone severe trauma who have dissociative identity disorder or some level of extreme dissociation from the experience many times when you ask them to point to where they feel it the feeling will be outside of their body and they'll be embarrassed because it's outside of their body because it doesn't it doesn't follow the rules and. So a lot of times they'll tell you i don't feel anything right.

And what actually has happened is they've been. So traumatized that they've actually stepped out of their body in face reading we call this this uh shining inner shedding out the shenanig the spirit actually leaves the body it's a dissociative effect and as you clear those traumas they'll start to reintegrate back into their body if you have this too this is what's going on that event was. So problematic or that series of events was. So emotionally provocative for you that you stepped out of the body it was your body's way of dealing with the intensity of the issue you're not broken it's just how your body dealt with it and you can recode that experience once you understand it okay.

Does that make sense okay. Uh let's see here okay. Cool all right. So let me see where i was at um okay.

So. So we've got somatic bridge somatic address point to where you feel it act out the change if you do these three things you will engage the entire neurology combining with the breath work this is one of the secrets in hypnosis and other forms of trance work one of the things that we that they do is they shut down certain parts of the brain if i were to put you in a hypnotic state using like a four magic bullets induction or something like that and i hooked you up to a ct scan what you would literally see is parts of your brain especially the uh the cerebrum would start to shut down other parts would light up because blood flow changes because part different parts of the brain it's a physiological response as one part of the brain shuts down another part lights up what we're doing and one of the reasons that we get such very powerful rapid change with this approach is we're not shutting down any parts of the brain we're not shutting down necessarily any parts of the autonomic nervous system or the proprioceptive nervous system we're actually activating all of them. But we're doing it in such a way that every part of the system understands what's going on and where it's going you follow me. So far what we're creating is full brain body integration that's why we call it body mind reprogramming the body mind because your body doesn't stop physically here it's extended out vibrationally and it's a holographic system all right.

Are you with me. So far i saw an interesting comment in it wife just asked if i paid for this well you can charge for it for sure if you're a change worker this stuff will help you uh put more more satisfied clients in your door if you just want to fix yourself this is where it starts okay. Okay. So let me see where i'm at in terms of my power points okay.

So simatic bridge symmetric search engine. So. Last the. Last thing that we're going to oops that didn't work out the.

Last concept we're going to talk about really quick is the semantic search engine concept and what this means is how many of you have ever heard of this thing called google go ahead and type that in the chat if you've heard about google okay. Have you ever noticed that many times when you ask google a question the kind of information you get back the answers you get changes as you as has you changed the way you ask the question yes. Yes. Okay.

Your body works the same way if you want the quality of your life will be determined by the quality of the questions that you ask one of the ways that we begin dialoguing with the autonomic nervous system is we ask good questions right. Has there ever been a time when you felt x what would it be like if if you could imagine x what might it be like these questions cause the neurology to provide an answer right. And we take that answer we we access the body location we turn it into a color we access the picture out in front of us and now we have the entire va kog system that we can play with and we can modulate manage the feelings in our body through that process okay. And let me see um okay.

So those are the concepts that we're going to we're going to talk about. So let's take something that we want to change all right. Um let's do something simple like on a scale of 0 to ten the exercise that we're going to do is called magic frame and the way this works is we have to actually go back to our grid and ask the body where do we store certain types of information ask the proprioceptive grid where we store certain types of information and what we want to do is we want to change it from where it's located to where it will do us the most good think about it like taking a file that's been misfiled editing it and moving it to a different file folder that's what we're going to do. So let's think of something on a scale of 0 to 10 that we would like to change okay.

And i want you to think about that i want you to remember the la on a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of the feeling as you think about that thing that you want to change all i want you to do is point to where you feel it in your body when you've done that go ahead and type done in the chat excellent now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represents that feeling a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First. First impression reach out and touch good excellent let's make sure now that we've got the right. One take both of your hands trace the outline of that picture.

So you know how big it is and. Then let's go ahead and grab it and just for fun make the picture bigger and notice what happens to the feeling in your body does it get stronger or does it get weaker now if it gets stronger fine if it gets weaker just know which way makes it stronger which way makes it weaker and you're good all right. If you've gotten that far go ahead and type that in the chat cool excellent all right. Now here's where it gets cool what do you want instead think about that for a moment you've got this feeling you know where it's located perfect remember those things for now and now what i want you to do is i want you to ask yourself the simple question what do i want instead right.

Notice as you think about it what might you see what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste right. And when you do that point to where you feel it as you notice that body feeling reach out and touch the picture connected to that notice they might be in different locations make sure we've got the right. One trace the outline of that picture. So you know how big it is when you've done that type done in the chat i'll wait it's okay.

I don't know if our time ran out or whatever. But i'm not getting a lot from my chats here okay. Well my youtube people are are chatty 62 messages oh that might be why i think uh zoom actually just okay. Cool now we're going to do two different approaches now one takes does everything in the forward hemisphere the.

Next one is going to take place forward and backward. So here's what i want you to do you have the thing you don't want you have the thing you want instead right. Now here's what i want you to do call up those pictures put them side by side and look. At it and notice where they where they're different visually in terms of is the picture in color black and white is it moving or is it still is it clear is it fuzzy right.

Pay attention to that pay attention to the auditor listen listen to each picture is there sound is it loud is it soft right. Is it rhythmic arrhythmic is it you know is it in one side more than the other what i want you to do is i want you to notice the differences in terms of visual auditory uh sense olfactory and gusty are there smells smell both of them is there a smell associated with either of those right. What is it is it strong is it weak right. Now taste it are there any tastes right.

Put these two pictures side by side and and look. At evaluate them in terms of the visual components the auditory components the olfactory and gustatory components and. Finally the kinesthetic components notice where they're different notice where they're different and now all i want you to do is change the sub modalities in other words i want you to go ahead and change the visual components of the problem to match the visual components of the solution okay. Then what i want you to do is i want you to listen to it and i want you to make all the auditory components match the auditory components of the solution okay.

Then what i want you to do do the same thing for the olfactory and the gusto and. Finally the body feelings until everything about the. First picture in terms of its characteristics matches the. Second picture notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as you begin to modify those elements.

Then when you're done with that reach up shrink the. First picture down to the size of a postage stamp and move it over to the space where the solution is and open it up and notice what happens to the feelings in your body when you've done that just type in what you felt or what happened when you did it feels good wow kate says it became possible drop and drag love it laughing instant you john clear feeling excellent let's see what's happening with our youtubers. So now here's the phil is exhilarating excellent now here's what we did all we did literally is the equivalent of isolating the problem and the file folder it's connected in completely reverse the stress feeling into a happy thing wow thanks a lot. Then yes.

You can do this for anything you can name and conceive of okay. Made it happy perfect feeling got stronger bit sick okay. Cool whether you whether it got whether it felt better or it didn't if it didn't work if something wasn't happening there would have been no. Change at all right.

Feels great excellent perfect everything else after that is calibration. So literally what we've done here is by accessing this holographic information processing system we've we've decided what we wanted to change we accessed the internal program we link it to the file folder we open that file we edit the file we close the file we move it to a new file folder we put it in there we open the file best. So far. So that i felt a shift on the right.

Side of my face now you have a vibrational file folder for everything you can name no. Pen. Then this is not color breathing well the beautiful part is you have it on video right. So that's the.

First piece you can take any problem that you have and turn it into what you want instead was that be useful melanie says wow feeling got stronger cool is that useful yes. Or yes. Okay. Ready for the.

Next one okay. Every now and. Then we encounter a situation or circumstance that doesn't want to change because your neurology believes your neurology believes that if we let it go we'll forget the lesson and we'll do that [ __ ] again. So this.

Next this. Next drill takes place with the forward and rear hemispheres if we go back to our mapping emotions in the body a finished study thank you yeah i knew it was somewhere in northern uh europe. But sometimes i reserve the right. To be wrong okay.

Um let me go back to where is it is this it yes. This is it okay. Let's go back to our picture. So we understand what we just did oh that's not what i wanted sorry i lost my uh my one note hold on a.

Second you can look. At my face while i look. For my pictures okay. So let's look.

At what we've done. First okay. We've accessed our proprioceptive grid and we basically took. A problem state and a solution state we changed this and moved it here notice that everything that we just did took.

Place in the forward hemisphere okay. So what this means is that if you can imagine a file on your desktop that was open and and blocking things or causing problems we just fixed that in the. Next process we're going to attack safety lessons in other words things that your unconscious mind has a vested interest in keeping the same. So you don't get hurt or or you stay the same okay.

So here's how it works we take something that's a problem we extract the safety lessons and we move it to the done section to the done file okay. So here's how this is going to work going back this idea. First and foremost think of something and again on a scale of 0 to 10 it can be a 1 2 3 4 5 doesn't really matter think of something that you want to change or something that's been a problem for you it can be a negative emotion that you have it could be a a behavior you know procrastination could be a limiting belief whatever i want you to think about that see what you see hear what you hear smell and taste what you smell in your taste and what i want you to do is i want you to point to where you feel it just like before just point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that experience belief memory whatever a picture that you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it right. Trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands.

So you know how big it is make sure you got the right. One make it bigger notice how the feelings change make it smaller notice how the feelings change pull it closer to your body notice how the feelings change and. Then put it back there are two pictures this time we'll do one at a time you can do them simultaneously or you can do them at the same time doesn't matter now here's what i want you to do i want you to imagine you could take a big thick black picture frame and just put that big old big black picture frame right. Around that thing you want to change a thing you want to get rid of right.

Now most of you are probably too young to remember when televisions had real dials and knobs and switches instead of touch screens and remote controls. But i want you to imagine that you could feel along the base of that frame i'd like you to notice that there's some dials and knobs and switches like on an old style television i want you to go ahead and find the brightness knob or the contrast knob turn that knob all the way to the right. Until the image wipes out completely notice how that makes you feel turn the image all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely notice how that makes you feel and ask yourself a simple question which one do i like better whichever one it is if you like it wait it out turn it all the way to the white till the image lights out completely if you like it black turn it all the way to the left until the image blacks out completely once you've gotten that take the index finger of your dominant hand and in glowing golden letters i want you to write physically right. Out in glowing golden letters across that whited out or blacked out screen everything that experience had to teach you positive or negative.

So you can keep the lessons keep the lessons and let everything else go keep the lessons and let everything else go now several things can happen hey some people know exactly what those lessons are they write them whatever comes up. First impression write it on the screen some people have no. Conscious idea what those lessons are. But there's a part of you that always knows.

So just start writing some people know exactly what you're right. Some people just write squiggles some people draw pictures every now and. Then you get a recall string [ __ ] who just writes [ __ ] you [ __ ] you [ __ ] you across the screen some people write with both hands simultaneously like they're writing chinese and hebrew at the same time. However you do it you just keep writing until everything that needs to be retained is on that screen.

So you can keep the lessons and let everything else go if thoughts and feelings and emotions come up write them on the screen as they come up they come out as you feel them you reveal them as you reveal them you heal them solve dissolved and resolve from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind for all the right. Reasons and just keep writing whatever comes up you just keep going when you know you're done just type done in the chat really quick and. Then reach up grab that frame shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp or even smaller float it up over the top of your head feel it go back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely as you feel it and see it disappear completely you know the sound a hammer makes when it's banging on a nail or when a nail gun is nailing a nail nailing hear it feel it sense it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back you see it here it feel it nailed back there for all eternity impossible to come back test it try to bring it back and notice what happens instead and tell me what you discover let's type it in the chat can't bring it back excellent that's usually one of the responses there's usually three responses that you can get phil said i started smiling and feel great it feels locked and i got chill excellent all transformation all physiological symptomology is a sign of change it's stuck perfect now it's stuck back there perfect now your neurology now codes that experiences over yt kobe newman says this is strange yes. And it's cool isn't it it won't come off the wall yes.

Perfect you did excellent right. Anything you want to be oh i feel and you want to get stuck even though i don't want it back okay. If there's a reason behind why you're feeling that anger a point point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands put a big thick black frame around it white it out or blacken it out completely write the reasons that you're angry and all that anger on the screen. So you can keep all that and let everything else go when you're satisfied shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp float it up over the top of your head back beyond the horizon until it disappears completely and hear that nail back there you know it's done test it try to bring it back notice what happens instead very good not.

So bad this time right. Okay. That's another way to clear [ __ ] you have a memory feeling negative feeling you want to get rid of you have limiting beliefs use this right. You can change if you have a belief you want to change you bring up the belief rewrite the file move it into the new file location something you want to get rid of points where you feel reach out touch it put a big black frame around it write the lessons write everything out move it behind you lock it down.

Last piece. Last piece and. Then we're going to be gone for we're gonna be done for today let's say you want to put something in your future right. Yeah uh hunap if it's still kind of there.

But not as much it's because there's multiple multiple events connected to that feeling. So you probably need to do this multiple times on different issues related to that there's other things that we could do. But again we don't have time for every single thing thank you complex pt yeah we can do that with this okay. Welding works work on it now.

Last piece let's say there's something we want to program in our future would that be useful yes. Or yes. Okay. So this this is an exercise that comes in two parts once again close your eyes.

Remember that pleasure feeling that you had yes. Close your eyes. Imagine a big ball that energy floating above your head fill the room with it breathe it wrap it around your body breathe it through your entire feeling till your body is saturated with good feelings when you're done type done in the chat good now. Next piece think of that thing that you want to program in your future what might you see when that's hot when you've had that what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing awesome feeling that you get right.

Feeling that lets you know it's exactly what you want point to where you feel it when you point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture notice where it is when you got that type done excellent now i want you to think about something that you absolutely know with a hundred percent certainty is going to happen in your future maybe you're going to meet somebody at a certain time maybe you know the sun's going to come up tomorrow don't care something you know with absolute certainty that's going to happen in the future when you do that when you think about that if there were a place in your body where that feeling of certainty is going is located a feeling you can point to where do you feel it point to where you feel it reach out touch the picture bring up that picture what do you see what do you hear what do you smell what do you taste what do you feel look. At the visual components bring up the picture of the thing that you want to have happen in the future that you that you know is going to happen in the future make the elements of the. First picture match the elements of the. Second picture make the visuals match make the auditories match make the kinesthetics match make the old factory and the gus stories match when you've got that type done in the chat it doesn't have to be this is a great question what do you do if there is no.

Place in your body for certainty how certain are you the sun's going to come up tomorrow how certain are you the sun's going to come up tomorrow use that doesn't have to be something big moderately right. Point to where you feel it reach out touch it now take the picture of what you want that's now been changed to the. Second one shrink it down move it into that filing cabinet and. Then open it really big and notice what happens you tell me what you discover type it in the chat it's going to happen how cool is that that's right.

Okay. Now honestly if this is the scope of everything that's possible with this system we've covered this all right. There's a lot more things we could do if people like this information and you want to take it further i invite you to jump into that secrets of personality transformation ultra mind control for success package it's the best package i've ever come up with for creating this scope of changes this easily right. So in the like i said i told you i'd show you how to get rid of negative emotions overcome limiting beliefs um program your future have i lived up to that promise yes.

Or no. Okay. If you want to take it further all you got to do is jump onto the secrets of personality home study course get the training utilize it practice it pay the. Second payment do the drills get the skills take that three-month mastermind trial program and get in and get the hands-on skills come to the live event use your vip tickets right.

I sincerely hope that you've enjoyed this if you want more webinars like this where we bring out little bits and pieces of our overall systems please let us know share like everything tell people about it i certainly feel honored and blessed to be able to share these things with you you know there'll always be trolls and that's okay. But you. But one of the things that i want you to get and i really mean this is you do not have to believe any of this for it to work for you all you've got to do is play pretend and actually do it after that it's just a num it's just a question of repetition right. Next time we get together we'll cover the seven laws of mental dynamics that nobody ever tells you about um we'll certainly cover it in identity by design as well as hidden laws of attraction those are probably some of the most important places to learn those laws when it comes to really mentally programming yourself um robin says someone said there's just a couple of vip tickets left.

So if you're if you're serious about this please jump in. Anyway i hope you had a great time i certainly loved and enjoyed spending this time with you please continue to post your comments and your questions reach out to stephanie let me go ahead and just go through um the offer one. Last time. So you guys can kind of take your if you've been on the fence when would now be a good time to do this right.

We're going to give you the secrets of personality transformation you ultra mind control uh for success home study course plus manual it's uh 24.97 it's identity by design hypnotherapy home study course valued at 1497 we're going to give you that for free we're going to give you the hidden laws of attraction manifesting master class 1497 absolutely free that's never been released to the public by the way stealth cpi universal hypnotic persuasion protocol value at one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollars we're gonna give that to you absolutely free we're gonna give you the renegade reframing how to overcome objections and change beliefs to normal conversations uh instantly one thousand nine hundred and fifty dollar value you're going to get it absolutely free we're gonna give you three months of the mental power mastermind mentoring program 594 dollar value we're going to give it to you absolutely free we're going to give you that stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course. So you can start hypnotizing people in a couple of hours really it's a 997 dollar value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and. Finally to put the cherry on the state if you really really really want to get involved and get become a master of your reality a master of manifestation of making of getting the life you want the way that you want it grab one of those. Last remaining vip super tickets and come to any your choice of any live event in our 2020 2021 calendar um and we will make sure that you come out of there able to do this stuff anytime anywhere for any reason that is my commitment to you if you show up you will leave transform you will be able to do this anytime anywhere and honestly if you go through this program and you're not satisfied let us know we'll give you your money back right.

Now honestly give it the full 90 days and test it right. Don't just say i don't want it all right. Um we have people who do that and that's not cool. But if you legitimately have tried these processes and they have not worked for you we will work we will walk you through it and if they still don't work for you we'll refund your money not a problem our goal is to give you the life you want the way that you want these programs have transformed every aspect of my life from the marshall to the mental to the romantic and i want you to have that same opportunity you don't need 20 years like i or 30 or 40 years of trial and error like i did you can get it all in the most up-to-date user-friendly form imaginable right.

Now just one loan installment of 997 or three easy payments of 397. all you got to do is go to www.nlpower.com forward slash mental dash secrets www.nlpower.com forward slash mental secrets husband says thank you to youtube thank you kate i look. Forward to working with you you're going to be fun i can tell um that's all i got you know um thank you. So much for for sharing this time with me here's that link once again just in case ben if you have questions about those programs i'm more than happy to answer them in an email or you can you can reach out to stephanie directly stephanie at nlpower.com or you can call her directly at 858-282-4663 yes. I do do consultations a lot of people are asking me about consultations just reach out to stephanie she'll tell you everything you need to know um that's it that's all i got for you guys today i hope you had a good time i hope you got a lot out of it change your life trance on love y'all.
