Title: 7 Sneaky Personal Self Defense Secrets for Non-Martial Artists - David Snyder
File Name: Hbp3kmOT7VU.txt
Video Id: Hbp3kmOT7VU
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hbp3kmOT7VU

The reason and now if you when you when you study any of the filipino. Martial arts for every system in the filipino. Martial arts and there are many uh they'll have a different numbering system the most universal one is the one two three four five the reason we do that is for numbers a. So i don't have to say hit me like this right.

The other reason is for simplicity of attacks the filipino. Martial arts began very many you know a long long time ago not to equate their defense with a punch or a chop or a hook. Punch they didn't look. At the technique being applied in in order to formulate a defense what they looked at was what angle what direction was the strike coming from.

So they organized it into a one with the right. A right. Shoulder quadrant you think of the shoulders and the hips being quadrants dead center of those quadrants is your five. So they would organize their attacks and their defenses based on the angle of attack.

So this is an angle one that's an angle one that's an angle one because it originates from the same place right. So my defense can i use you know you put your stick down for a. Second. So if noel attacks me with a right-handed hook.

Punch that that is the same as if he attacked me with a straight hook. Punch or a straight punch doesn't matter what form the technique takes what matters is what quadrant is it originating from. So i defend the angle of the attack not the technique that's being applied to me with very few variations very few variations thank you all right. So now what sifu was guiding you through was angle one two three four and a five which is straight down the center line the the process that we're going to work is a three it's a it's three little movements together it's called brush check encounter this is a hallmark movement from an art known as modern arnesse which is a filipino.

Martial art the movement starts if if we're thinking about um a right-handed blow coming in or any blow we're going to move with the right. Hand. First most of your martial arts especially the weapon oriented and it's ones have a right-handed bias because most people are right-handed. So we're going to start with a right.

Hand bias realizing that we anything we do from the right. Side we can do just as well from the left side right. But you'll learn it faster if we focus on the right. And translate over.

So the. First thing the. First movement starts from the right. Handed shoulder it's going to sweep across the body as it sweeps across the body this hand is going to either check it here or over underneath like this.

So it looks like this this kind of a movement. So one like a windshield wiper two. So if noellus is uh is just come punched slowly the hand is going to slap that across i'm going to re-grab it and. Then my.

Third movement would be a strike or a lock or whatever okay. So watch again slowly as the strike is coming brush hold strike if you were punching with that other hand the movement would look. Like this brush hold strike if you push two hands the movement would look. Like brush hold strike.

So you see it really doesn't matter if he's using one hand or two if he's swinging in a hook. Type motion or a straight motion the movement brush hold strike brush hold strike is the same now some people will also refer to this as brush check and counter the only difference between a brush hold strike or a brush check counter is as the strike is coming in am i just pushing that hand away and coming in or as he comes in am swapping and grabbing it and moving forward that makes sense. So that's our signature movement for most of today there's a couple other ones that we'll learn. But that'll be your entry regardless of what attack is being applied from the front from the front now a lot of you are going to be in situations and environments where you're going to be getting you have to have a higher degree of awareness i'm going to show you some little hacks and little techniques that don't look.

Like self-defense because they don't actually involve you touching another person. But will dramatically reduce the probability that you're going to be attacked and i'll give you the resources for why that's true okay. So the. First thing we want to do is we want to practice this brush check counter movement.

So you need to put your sticks down for just a moment and what i'd like you to do is i like to each partner up now the ladies can work with the ladies if they want or you can work with the guys it doesn't really matter one of you is going to be the tackling dummy okay. The other one is going to be the the the practitioner. So what's going to happen is in this movement one of you is going to just kind of take a stance and stick an arm out just like this okay. Can i borrow you okay.

So he's just going to stick an arm out. So yeah you did martial arts before right. Yeah okay. Turn a little bit.

So the camera can see and i get a front stance for me good and stick one of your arms out like a jab okay. That's a reverse punch jab there you go. So now we're going to work the jab which is the fastest hand technique to have to deal with other than an ijab which by the way is the. First one i want you to learn.

But the problem is is every time i talk about jabbing someone in the eye the. First hearing i hear from the audience is ew okay. If you have an ill response when i'm teaching it to you you probably won't use it on the street right. Because you have to think differently when it comes to defending yourself you have to think mama bear defending or cubs okay.

Not oh help me god right. It's it's a different mindset. But um you know in a real life situation you have to be able to we call that the predator prey switch in systema there's a little switch inside of us that the moment we hit that switch we go from being meek and mild to wolverine right. And that's we need to develop that if we don't practice it it won't be there when we need it.

But for right. Now we're just going to work on the mechanics of the brush hold strike right. Realizing that we don't have to always grab we could just push that in and barrel through my job is not to turn you into mma champions tonight my job is to teach you how to go home that makes sense teach you how to go up. So hold your hand out for me.

So what's going to happen now is we're going to use his hand as a reference notice his hand is right. On my center line my hands are going to be here i'm going to step to one side i'm going to brush the hand aside i'm going to grab it and i'm just going to touch with the palm of my hand i could touch with the fingers. But to make sure we have the right. Distance i want you to use the palm i'm going to come back and.

Then i'm going to go to the inside now. So i'm going to step i'm going to brush the hand i'm going to grab it and i'm going to touch and i'm going to come back and i'm just going to practice that movement getting the footwork getting the distance does that make sense. So let's practice that partner up and we're going to take two five or 10 minutes uh you know five minutes just you practicing that movement because that's going to be the what we're going to 80 of what we do today is going to start with that and. Then i'm going to show you where to go.

Next structure collapses is he this guy's strong i know this because i just played with him right. He gets in a good solid karate stance or forward stance strong i push on him he's not okay. He's obviously strong you stay up there young man the moment the moment the arm it's a neurological thing the moment the arms cross the center line of the body the brain no. Longer knows where those hands went for a fraction for a brief moment the entire system gets weak it's neurological.

So no. Matter how strong or like a bull he is strong like this were you resisting that no. I mean i wasn't he wasn't giving it to me yeah right. So you can test this this is one of the reasons why when that strike comes in flinch punch i want to cross that i want to cross that line now anything i do is going to hurt him worse it's much more easy for me to move him or do something to him because his brain doesn't know where his arms are right.

So i want you to prove this to yourself david i want you just getting a strong stance hold yourself nice and rigid right. And remember it's a test not a contest and. Then all you can do is cross the hands cross the hands okay. Yeah that works it's weird right.

Strong like bull right. I don't know and i'm pushing okay. And all we do is this just cross the hands is that what happens well they don't really know they don't a lot of them are taught to cross. But they don't always know why okay.

Right. People figure out that things work. But they don't really understand the reason why right. This brain this hemisphere the brain controls this arm this hemisphere the brain controls this arm right.

So when you cross your arms and. Then you can just push them or do anything and it's easier now i'll show you this is weird all right. Get back in your stance right. So now keep your arms strong i'm going to push okay.

Now i could push him because i got good stance work okay. If i do this he's much easier to move now watch how weird this gets right. Get strong now now put it back to here now watch look. At me this is your left arm this is your right.

Arm get strong down back to being strong his brain resets to the new normal and. Then when i put it back to this it's gone again weird yeah if you just push one arm across yes. Yeah because if you just did this that's what your brush check counter is designed to do that's why in a lot of your old spell martial arts the. First thing they're going to tell you is close the center line this is why the moment we close that center line he gets weak wing chun wants to dominate center line they want you to somehow force that arm across that center line because once they do the structure is compromised modern or nice filipino.

Martial arts they want to close that center line chinese kung fu most of your like chinese boxing styles you'll see as the strike is coming in they'll come in and they'll turn everything because they want to distort the structure. But for neurological reasons as well as biomechanical reasons did you guys do in your in your karate did you do kata the reason that these movements are in the chambering movements in your old katas those downward blocks that everybody's teaching us this is part of the the secret art that the kado words was designed to preserve. But if you didn't if you weren't one of the initiates who got access to the oral teachings you were going to dance a song you couldn't speak the language of right. So this is what we're going to all i want you now is i want you to play with that that one concept get that hand across the center yeah have them get strong like bull right.

Again remember it's a test not a contest it's it's a no-brainer to figure this guy could probably overpower this woman even her you know. But we want to hack the system right. We want to work we want to learn how can i cheat how can i make them weak without them realizing they're weak. So i have the highest probability of success all right.

Let's play with that we'll come back and do some other stuff hopefully just leave it running yeah. So. So that's the idea behind the brush trap strike the strike is coming in i brush this hand i move it across that center line notice i don't cross my own hands right. This is one of the things that we have to be careful of when we're doing our brush check this is why we tend to step or rotate the hip we don't want this to happen we want this to happen see this relationship see how i move my body.

So my hands never cross my center line or if my hand is crossing my center line right. As my hand is approaching that center line i move to reorient that makes sense. So he's getting weaker just aside from the fact that i've made him weak the fact that i've moved his arm across his body now he's a little bit taller than me. So he might be able to actually touch me with that other hand if he tries to punch me right.

But if i do that it goes away right. So the most important bone to to control in self-defense is this one this one if i control the humerus i have a direct line to his spine. So i can make him rotate i can move him backwards i can move his torso across his own center line i can move into an arm bar if i want to right. A lot of different things that i can do once i control this one and that anatomical location okay.

So we're going to go back to our brush check counter now. So as the strike is coming in i'm going to push that in i'm going to grab it now the. Next the. First pressure point that we're going to learn is called do 26 and it's right.

Below the philtrum right. On the philtrum of the nose right. If i take my finger and i put it right. Here on noel and i asked noel to walk towards there's a little problem with that it's humbling you can win money in bars with this i paid my way through college 20 bucks you can't walk across my finger right.

And. Then they try i've thrown 300 pound guys with that okay. This is a great one if the guy's ever dancing with you right. He's getting all fresh and grabbing you in places you don't want you just reach up and down they go right.

Right. So the. First thing we're going to do is what we call a philtrum take down now because i don't know your backgrounds i don't know um how well you guys go to the ground or or how willing you are to go to the ground. So this is what the movement looks like in slow motion as the push or strike is coming i'm going to come here i'm going to grab i'm going to take the edge of my hand or my knuckles you can do this to test it.

But really what i want to do is i want to place the the knife edge of my hand or my knuckles right. Below that philtrum in that little cupid's drop or whatever they call it you ladies know what i'm talking about and all i want to do is i want to pull this okay. It's a very it's like you turn them into a pez dispenser right. So this is the.

First movement as the strike is coming in okay. Here all right. Down they go all right. And you don't have to go all the way to the ground especially because i know you ladies don't have your falls and stuff.

But this is again one of those high high percentage points that the minute i get that head like that i don't have to do anything else if i just drop my butt down they go all right. I should probably get i should probably get the mat if you guys want to take falls i have mats we can put the mats out. But okay. Yeah if you guys want to work together i've had surgery on my neck twice.

So i think i'm gonna watch all right. That's fine. Then uh david why don't you work with uh america okay. Uh try not try not to hurt him i was gonna say nobody has to go to the ground nobody has to go the ground.

But i do want you to press hard enough to activate that point okay. Right. That's a great position to have somebody in if i just let him go right. You know he grabs me for some reason and i'm off right.

That's the point the idea is we want to get away we don't want to throw him on the ground and stomp on him until we we're doing river dance on him or something right. The job is to go home now we'll get more aggressive as we get more confident in the movement. But your. First movement starts here strikes coming in brush check counter right.

That's all it is boom nice and slow are you okay. Yes. He's good no. He's good i can tell i can yeah now interestingly in chinese medicine that point is actually used to wake people up after they've passed out.

But if you attack it right. You can actually knock them out we're not going to do that to you although some people would like very much to see that there's a move in one of the more advanced forms it's just this and the guy's dead dead yeah lights up the cranial nerves like a christmas tree and one of those points is due 26. So. But we're that's advanced right.

But this is cool enough have fun i want you to come back right. So again. So grab a partner have fun with this and again you don't have to go all the way to the ground if you can just get them there consistently that's enough that's enough okay. Use your knuckles or the knife edge because remember if this we use this for a test right.

But no. One's really going to do that on the street. So let's do what we're actually going to do out there all right. But again back down the intensity because when you activate nerves can i use you for.

Second america when you activate these nerves it feels a lot more intense than it looks i don't know if you've ever been to the dentist yeah okay. You know what it's like when a dentist just kind of touches a nerve when he's drilling a tooth right. Even though he's only touched that nerve it feels like your head's about to explode when you start working on nerves that's kind of what happens not that your head explodes or anything. But the the level of severity that you feel because you're directly entering information into a nerve is significantly greater than the amount of force you're applying it feels harder than it actually is that make sense okay.

Go play with that we'll come back all right. So just as an explanation for this uh you guys want to get away can you. So what i was explaining to what's your name against her frank frank and noel was that when you're doing this phil filtrum technique a lot of people think that i'm pushing it looks like i'm pushing him backwards i'm pushing his head backwards i'm not what i'm doing is i'm tracing this the contour of his head and his spine. So i want to come as close like a question mark down the the back as i can you're going to find that that question mark shape or way of moving is half of a figure eight all right.

And you'll find that most of what we do in the more advanced internal martial arts comes back to a figure eight or a what we call a no. She or a question mark type movement okay. So um i'm gonna ask frank to assist me again. So the what we worked.

First was the brush check counter movement. So the strike is coming and by the way it doesn't have to be a punch he comes in with a two-hand choke works just as well he comes in with an with a hair grab works just as well right. It doesn't matter what the attack is because it's not about the weapon it's about the angle if it comes in on that angle we can defend it we don't have to think is it a hook. Punch is it a straight punch is it a one-hand grab is it a two-hand grab is he going for my eyes.

Is he trying to we don't have to think about that we look. We see what angle he's coming in boom the attack is there right. It's there okay. So what we're going to do now is that's what we call the philtrum takedown we're going to work now um is another one of my favorite ones and this one again is again off the brush trap entry i'm trying to think if i want to do hair techniques or if i want to do uh spine techniques which would you guys rather have hair or spine spine all right.

So as the strike is coming in now we're going to brush this hand across now let's go back to the the board here. So we can see how this works okay. It's cool i have a board i'm going to use it okay. But apparently the erasers don't work very well.

So we'll go over here. So the spine has these things called vertebrae right. And if you look. At an actual spine you'll notice that it has three curves to it you have a cervical curve a thoracic curve and a lumbar curve right.

And there's these little things called vertebrae that move through that right. Now the brain or the the spine likes to have those vertebrae all in a row when the spine is in has all those vertebrae lined up like a stack of dishes we're stable we're strong. But if we misalign it even a little bit the whole structure becomes incredibly unstable and it's very easy to put somebody on the ground okay. I'm gonna show you that in a minute the way you do that is by compromising one of these arches okay.

So the one i like to do the easiest one we'll start with the easiest one is known as lumbar arch. So um who's got better falls you or you all right. Let me use you he's got her he's got a really strong stance. So i like to use use him because again if it works on on somebody that is is this kind of strong is it now the the theory behind this is and again i want you to understand it your body is designed by nature to fight gravity to utilize it to stand up believe it or not.

So any any force that's applied from the top down he's really strong all right. Really strong right. The interesting thing though is if i apply force from the bottom up he falls down that was weird wasn't it yeah right. So here's the secret any and that was with his hips and his shoulders in alignment right.

That's how when he's at his strongest i'm going to show you how to make it even weaker any time the hips and the shoulders miss a line the only direction you need to move is down. But when you move down you have to move from your butt down not your your head down right. So if you look. At him from the profile you have the cervical arch thoracic arch lumbar arch if all i do is apply pressure here and anyplace else to misalign the spine and bend my knees down they go it's a very bizarre thing all right.

Oops. So. First thing we're going to do is we're going to work the arch principle and all you're going to do and you can base it on the head you can base it on the shoulder the idea though is if you think about the spine being like this i want to find some way to get those lumbar the vertebrae and the lumbar arch like that just a little bit just a little bit's all i need he tried to fight that one he really did right. And here's he knew it was coming he braced for it he tried to beat it and he couldn't right.

That's not going to happen on the street. But that's all right. So the way this would look. In a in a more combining what we've already got the strike is coming in i'm coming in this way and down they go right.

That's what it looks like. But how does this apply in terms of self-defense the moment i have this disconnect see how his knees already want to kick if i here's what here's the weird part if i push from the top he'll get strong you see that if i push and i even if i he's trying very hard not to do that. So i'll just take a different one right. And that's the whole point is in systema we don't actually if we meet resistance we go around it.

So if i go in and he he locks that lumbar i lock the lumbar. So i go higher i go to a different spot i don't sit there and try to fight for the turf right. Okay. But for now to get the idea okay.

Get the principle you gotta press hard enough that the spine misaligns and. Then just drop your butt and bend your knees and he'll sit down right. And i've had i've had smaller women than you dropped 200 pound guys the problem sometimes is this problem sometimes is getting to where you want to base it you don't have to base it all the way up here you can do it here okay. You can do it here any place that you have an arch any place that you have an arch you can do it it's weird i know right.

If i don't if i look. All right. Now i i've been doing this a long time i know exactly and how much pressure to apply you're going to need to do it a little heavier now you don't do this one okay. You're going to need to apply it a little heavy at.

First just to make sure you get that misalignment and just bend your knees play with it have fun secret once again when i do this you're doing it from out here. So you're losing a lot of distance because see how far away the further your limbs travel from the core of your body the weaker they get. But a weird phenomena happens is the closer the core my body gets to his the more they start to synchronize the more easily i move him from his center okay. So ideally as as i'm moving in and there's lots of ways to get here this is what we want this is the target that we're going for i want to be as close i want to have my center of gravity as close to his center of gravity as i can and.

Then it becomes very easy to shift him whereas if i do the same movement from out here it's much different you feel the difference here boom that's i don't know why it is i don't think it's a strength thing i think there's some kind of proprioceptive information exchange between one core and another that if i do this here i get i get a certain level of effect i come here and i do the same thing. So this is why systema spends a lot of time working from physical contact very close because i can move i can change the dynamic of what your body wants to do between here and here it's massive even though i'm not physically doing anything with my body other than connecting with you there's a stronger response yeah it doesn't matter what hand you put it anywhere as long as you kick the spine you can put the hands anywhere. But okay. So here it's harder to do it from that direction because you're going against yourself.

But if you come from opposite sides this way see see how it torques them don't be tentative yeah she's close. But she's gotta she's still gotta break the spot there you go see see how see how little it's just taking right. You're a little tentative you're like i don't know i don't wanna i don't wanna hurt him i don't wanna hurt him and that's and you can see it right. The body will fold naturally when you do this this is not a hard fall in the sense like if you're going to throw somebody into the air like a osadagari or a hip throw or something like that they're going to fold like an accordion to the ground right.

Yeah there you go and. Then that and when they're folding like that that's where systema would hit them when they're like a pinata in midair boom that's where they're gonna hit you [Music] uh we do meet ups once or twice a month and we teach classes on tuesdays and thursday nights from 7 30 to 9. we cover everything the pressure points the escrima the arnis um the systema it's all it's all integrated particularly. So everything together it's everything together oh i if you want ranking i can rank you into each in the systems individually or under my umbrella system you can come once a week we have people i have people who come once a week for six years we also have we have three different programs we have a once a week plan we have a twice a week plan and. Then we have unlimited whatever we add it's the same price no.

Matter how many classes we had or whatever it's i think it's 65 for one time a week uh 85 for two times a week and 97 for unlimited. So and it's done in a month yeah and it's not like a subscription there's no. Contract it's literally done through paypal it renews every month and you come as long as you want and when you're done you just pick up the phone say hey david i'm i'm done i got things have happened blah blah blah i click a button you're done and that's all i ask is when you're ready if it's time to move on just give me a call. So i know and it'll just disappear.

But there's no. There's no. Long-term contracts or anything like that per class like 25 bucks yeah it's 25 bucks a class um or a few yeah yeah and we have fun my wife's in the class she hits hard i've seen her hit guys like six foot two danish guys studying hard style martial arts she walks up she's 110 pounds she hits them here they steal it in their genitals she's very strong little 110 pound chinese woman yeah she loves to hit me right. But that's that's the cool thing i have to go because i have another engagement okay.

But i'll leave my in yeah probably come on tuesday probably okay. Yeah come on what do you think okay. So as you're as is coming here i like to i might come in here this way okay. And come right.

Under here. So this if i'm in position in front of him here this is how i would bring him down right. I just got to be careful i can i can i can do it i can come underneath the arm i can push this across and base him this way i might come across over top here to make sure he can't use that arm right. I could also come in and be behind him.

But i gotta get that i gotta i gotta find him find that shoulder blade and really compress that see how everything see how the hips and shoulders get out of alignment that's all i'm looking for as we get deeper and deeper into what we call biomechanical pressure point attacking what we're always looking for is when that hip and that shoulder are out of alignment the moment we get that and advanced jiu jitsu and judo we're going to move we're going to move you right. We're going to we're going to find some way to to misalign that hip and that shoulder through physical force right. That's right. And and we're going to in ikey and systema we're going to trick you into doing it for us like he grabs me right.

He's got tight tight all right. Hey he's got my hand i let him have it right. Right. Right.

There's all kinds of weird biomechanical physics based things that we're doing it looks like chi it looks like magic and maybe there's qi there maybe there isn't. But these are physics applied to the human body right. Um if he grabs me here right. If i just move that arm up and down his shoulder's already misaligned see that see the misalignment if he's still grabbing tight and i bend my knees his knees kick do you need to.

First misalign his body and. Then put pressure downwards yes. There always has to be a structural misalignment of some kind. First and.

Then the drop and here is where you would deliver the hits yeah okay. Because here he's got we're going to cover we're going to cover striking a little bit. Later um this is where any internal armoring that he must have goes away in this position or in any position where the hips and the shoulders misalign or the head misaligned from the shoulders yeah i'll tell i'm going to come around and tap you i've been i've been hit by a lot of different martial arts i have never been harder than a systemic punch it will turn your children democrats if they're republican right. I mean it's just one of those it and you have to feel it to understand it it doesn't look.

It doesn't look. Like what it does we'll get to it yeah i'm having fun with this yes. Good how you liking your. First meet up oh it's fun i'm definitely challenged cool you like being challenged some people don't like being challenged no.

I do i do definitely yeah i know what you're doing you know what i'm doing me i'm just drawn that way we have a big meet up on monday night on conversational hypnosis oh i saw that yeah here in this area it'll be at the country inn and suites off of mira mesa boulevard uh monday night 7 30 to 10. 59.75 lusk boulevard got about 60 some people rsvp that's one of my main interests i've got a whole bunch of hypnosis stuff and i haven't really practiced you were thinking the right. Way noelle you wanted to step into that hole that was a good idea it just wasn't what we were practicing yeah i'll show you how to make that work though you can you can do a lot of the sneaky jiu jitsu style trips and throws i call them invisible throws can i use you yeah okay. But you have to see the body a little bit differently okay. You guys know what triangulation points are no.

Okay. Uh if he stands feet shoulder width apart your triangulation points are based off the length of your tibia okay. You have a forward triangulation point. So if he takes his knee places it directly on the ground without stepping back.

First. So keep your feet parallel just place one knee on the ground now stand up right. There is his forward triangulation point okay. Okay.

Forward tray can you see the triangles now he also has one to the rear that if he had a tail would be the same length as his forward triangulation point. But because he doesn't have a tail it's significantly shorter follow me when people see us do these things in the martial arts and a lot of triangulation is a a pretty well known principle. But people don't really get how many triangulation points there are most people think about this one in the front and this one in the back. But there's a lot more in the body and again that's a whole study in and of itself anytime two human beings connect multiple triangulation points come into being okay.

So if if if he goes to shake my hand you notice where he's shaking my hand right. At his triangulation point right. He goes to throw a hook. Punch where's the apex of his punch it's right.

At his triangulation point the apex of his triangulation point in terms of uh yin and yang positive and negative the the theory of yin and yang tells us that i don't know what your backgrounds are. But i'm a chinese medical practitioner. So i can relate everything to yin and yang chinese medicine tells us that yin and yang are opposites and compliments that one cannot exist without the other the extreme of one is the beginning of the. Next.

So if you think of yin and yang i think he's this is his most yin position he's folded here right. As he moves out in the ark following that swing it forms an arch at the apex of that arch is the extreme of his yawn 180 degrees right. 180 degrees beginning of yawn maximum yen maximum yang beginning again which is also by the way right. At his center line see how it all lines up this is the point where we simultaneously the strongest and the weakest if he contacts me here he's going to deliver the maximum amount of force from this position to this position right.

The minute he gets a little bit beyond it he falls in a hole. So if you see people swinging they don't swing here and stop most of the time especially if they lose control and they just start swinging naturally they follow through. So they go from yin to yang and back to yin again from yin back to yang right. Where all those things reach their temp their their their zenith is at that triangulation point or what in uh uh john clottig and his yanagi haraiki jiu-jitsu calls the natural reach position which is your handshake position right.

So if we understand how this applies to the mechanics of the body and triangulation points. Then we can start to stay any place that we have a connection we have point of control i kind of got off track here. So going back to triangulation what you were doing is when you were coming in this way you wanted to step in and do a little sweep right. And that would be old school taking the taking the force.

But if i understand that every time his body moves or we connect triangulations open up all i have to do is take my center of gravity and move through that natural reach position what happened. So if you come in right. So i'm here right. Yeah.

So his stance is a little bit narrower now he wanted to come in and do this sweep right. If i create this zenith and i just walk through this point that's great and it doesn't matter how big you are because gravity's on my side now right. So this is again i was talking about the old school jiu jitsu old school judo they're gonna they're gonna they're gonna take these same principles and they're gonna physically apply them aiki people are gonna be sneaky they're gonna stink force you they're gonna sneak you into putting yourself into a position for you and. Then they're going to finish it right.

But let's frick with the triangulation points what we know. So his triangulation point is the length of his tibia forward the one in the back same principle. But smaller we don't have to move as far that's why it's always easier to move people backwards than it is forwards right. Because they have a lot more re they have a lot more safety in the front okay.

Pardon me. So um did we work the thoracics by the way did we do that did we do this part yeah okay. We did that all right. So nick.

So going back to this idea we're going to work the cervical arch which is my favorite if there's if there's any particular arch that shows how easily a human being can go it can be put down it's the cervical arch. So what i do here is i find t1 which is that little lump right. At the base of your neck here and again all i want to do is i want to move let's do this from a profile all i want to do is baste this and push right. And you see that and that's called the hangman's reflex that's a neurological response right.

It's a neurological response notice that most of the time when i'm doing these these arch techniques i'm not in front of him i'm always off to the side as much as i can now there's a lot of reasons for that and we could we could spend a lot of time discussing it. But i want you to get these principles right. So i can touch on the forehead base it here see how his butt kicks down and back now all i do if i push if i push from the top he'll get strong. But if i sink from the bottom the earth leaves from underneath him he's like what the just happened to me right.

This is how it works okay. So um. So again we have cervical thoracic one. Last lumbar i can i can base here anywhere on the body as long as i'm on one of these right.

So those are the three arches we have our brush check counter look. At my position look. Where i'm at one two three. But let's say he's really big and really strong and i need a little extra mojo strike comes in there's my philtrum right.

So all i want you to do now is i want you to work the cervical arch. First once you have a good handle on each of the arches and the philtrum. Then what i want your partner to do is just feed you different attacks you know hook. Punch two hand push two hand choke hair grab anything from the front okay.

And i want you to apply the brush check counter and one of the take downs can we do that go nice and slow it's fun to play. But remember people have to work tomorrow right. I want you to come back i don't want to get sued all right. Remember if you're on camera and you're on this floor everybody agrees nobody sues anyone okay.

All right. Good.
