Title: Mind Control Skills: Psychological Tips for Controlling Emotions
File Name: HGl-XtxeLVk.txt
Video Id: HGl-XtxeLVk
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGl-XtxeLVk

One of the things we're going to be transitioning into is this idea of how do we consciously control our emotional states right. Everything we've been doing we've been managing through that we make a decision about what state we want to go into we hit that posture we wait for it to engage and. Then we take the. Next step okay.

Everything you're going to do from this point on once you're out of the state control module presupposes this in other words you do not do any single exercise that i teach you once we finish state control without doing your body and. Then your mind in other words get your states harmonized and. Then do the drill because if you don't wire it in at the beginning it's going to be ten times harder wiring it on the back end. But if you get used to doing it right.

Off the bat it's only one more thing and you get really really good at the stuff you learn early on right. So what we're going to talk about now is volitional state control how do we consciously take charge of our states. So in identity by design we have this concept we call the holographic nervous system attached to that is a concept we call the proprioceptive grid and i don't i'll pull up a picture probably tomorrow we're coming into the home stretch. So i can mostly do question and answer and maybe a few a little bit more lecture we don't really have time to do drilling and get where we want to go.

So we'll pick up. First thing tomorrow and go deep into this. But around you all became aware how many of you when you went into hakalau became aware of the room you could feel you could literally feel the room right. Like trevin even said i felt compressed when i did that why because your body interprets the contours of the room as pressure how many of you have ever driven a car right.

How many of you have ever had the experience you're driving a car you look. In your mirror you look. In your mirror you look. In the mirror you don't see anything.

But you know someone's there you can feel the pressure like there's something there an object's there and you look. And all of a sudden boom there they are right. What the just happened there in that moment your nervous system lost that it you're arbitrarily because it was you were driving and your safety was involved your unconscious mind made a decision it took. Your field of proprioceptive spatial awareness and extended it to include the car ladies you've all had the experience of being in a club somewhere and somebody with less than savory intentions fixes their gaze upon you right.

How does that how do you how does it feel at. First you feel a pressure and. Then an icky feeling right. What's going on intention is pressure that is interpreted by your proprioceptive nervous system and your mirror neurons and your nervous system communicates it to you in the only language it understands or knows sensation okay.

Everything is mediated through your proprioceptive neurology now your proprioception interacts with the cardiac nervous system it interacts with your mirror neurons it creates a field of awareness around you that both acts like a sensing mechanism a membrane if you will and it also serves as a filing system for your your data your information that's why people when they talk move their hands and when they talk about the same thing their hands tend to move to the same places over and over and over again because they're accessing the information interoceptively and exteroceptively the part of you that manages all that septic stuff is known as your proprioceptive neurology if such a thing as a sixth sense did exist it would be your proprioceptive nervous system. But it wouldn't be your sixth sense it would be your sixth seventh eighth ninth tenth and eleventh census because there's at least six different channels of data that your proprioceptive neurology monitors one of which is electromagnetic fields he's making me walk get your steps in you can just leave it i get feedback um is that the same sorry is that the same system that's active like when someone's sleeping and. Then there's someone that shows up in the room people wake up like is that the same system how many of you can be asleep and know when somebody comes home even without hearing them you can feel it in their house right. Why because the same way feng shui works you ever notice that houses that don't have people in them break down and faster than houses with families in it yes.

Houses that have nobody in it actually deteriorate faster than houses with people in it even if they do nothing to fix or maintain the house why because there's an energy that human beings give off that has a negative entropic effect in other words you are consciousness consciousness is a force of moving from disorganization from chaos to organization when a family inhabits a house their proprioceptive neurology expands to include the house and now you have why feng shui works just saying right. That's why you know a lot when you look. At a lot of these different feng shui systems a lot of the times the people the people who really understand this will tell you pick objects that go in certain parts of the house that have a personal significance to you they mean something to you resonance resonance okay. But i digress if you want to learn more about that come to costa rica right.

This is all about influence which is everything is about influence really if you think about it. But this grid this field if you were a chinese medical practitioner you might hear it referred to as wei chi huichi means your defensive chi in a lot of the martial arts systems that practice especially the okinawan and japanese and the chinese systems a lot of what we do was to build our energy. So we could break through people's defensive qi that's the exhausting way to do it i'll just blend with it and take it. But we'll talk about that.

Later. But the point is is that there's a field around us that is both a protective mechanism and a sensing mechanism and an information storage and retrieval processing mechanism now you've all heard of the magic frame obviously yes. Okay. So you all know that if there's a feeling that i have that i want to change if i point to where i feel it what do i do.

Next i reach out and touch it where am i reaching i'm reaching into the field because all of your data is stored inside and outside because it's vibrational in nature i can have an infinite amount of data in the same location. But what happens we have to interpret it every thought every feeling every belief every emotion every daydream every fantasy a human being will ever generate or can generate is built from the same stuff it's built from the same system. So this is how we begin to do this when we start working with cognitive state control we want to access states that we've had experiences with. So the hack the fast way to do it is to remember a time when you felt a certain way step into that memory stand that way breathe that way that's your foundation.

But. Then point to where you feel it in your body reach out and touch the picture if there were and this is the question you ask if there was a picture that represented this experience this feeling this state floating in the space around me a picture i could reach out and touch where would i reach out to touch it. First impression. So just as a quick aside little quick deep dive into this how many of you can feel good for no.

Reason i can tell all my students you've been watching my all right. Let's play shall we we're gonna play the frame game we're gonna do everybody stand up is it okay. To feel good all right. Here's what we're gonna do once you close your eyes.

I want you to think back to the most fulfilling thrilling satisfying pleasure imaginable not that one teasing i don't care i'm not the pleasure police i don't care you're not going to tell anybody i don't care who you were with what you were doing how many state lines you crossed how many laws you broke all i care about really is when you remember that amazing experience when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an awesome wonderful thrilling fulfilling feeling that you get a feeling of absolute pleasure it could be anything it could be a sexual experience could be the simple it could be a birthday party it could be getting married your birth of your child could be the simple joy of biting into a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie i don't care. But whatever it is for you i want you to just see what you saw in that moment hear what you heard smell and taste what you smell and you taste notice that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow and where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it that's right. Now if there were a picture floating somewhere in the space around you that represents that amazing experience a picture that you could reach out and touch with your other hand reach out and touch that picture let's make sure we know where it is trace the outline of that picture with both of your hands. So you know how big it is let's make sure we got the right.

One grab a hold of that puppy and just like you would expand the windows on your iphone or your touchscreen make it as big as the room without slugging the person. Next to you notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you make it stronger bigger more powerful right. Some people when they make it bigger it gets stronger some people when they make it bigger the feeling actually diffuses doesn't matter which one you do just know which one you do put it back to its original size now keep the size of the picture exactly the same and now what i want you to do while keeping the picture exactly the same size as it was originally slowly pull it closer to your body notice what happens to the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker whatever you have experience is perfectly okay. We're just calibrating now lift it up over your head pull it down around you like a big blanket notice what happens now does it get stronger does it get weaker does your perspective and experience of it change and if.

So how now you can have this feeling back at whatever level you want in just a moment. But for the sake of our drill i want you to unwrap that feeling lift it back up over your head and hold it there now most of you know what a frisbee is once you imagine this thing that you're holding is not like a big old frisbee i want you to take that frisbee and i want you to throw it all the way behind you until it disappears behind the horizon completely the minute it's gone scan your body notice what changed and when you're when you're done with that lift your hands back up now imagine your hands the world's most powerful frisbee magnets suck that frisbee right. Back into your hands and as you hold that feeling up there as you hold that image up there i'm going to tell you the most powerful most important thing you're probably going to hear for a very long time inside your mind body and soul you are the king or queen of your reality you are the god or goddess of your universe and you have every right. Privilege permission and authority to make any change that you want for any reason that you want and i want you to play with that power right.

Now that authority right. Now i want you to take that image that you're holding i want you to make it bigger i want you to make it smaller i want you to move it up i want you to move it down move it in your body move it outside of your body notice how every time you change the size the shape the location of that frame the feelings and the intensity and the quality of those feelings change too and i want you to keep playing with it until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling that you want to have at the exact intensity level that you want to have it when you know you've got it you find that sweet spot fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and change the energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream from your bloodstream every place your blood flows those feelings go into every nerve and every cell and every atom into the very dna of those cells reprogramming transforming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful perpetual pleasure factory each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and unlimited supply there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done test it try to turn that good feeling off and notice what happens instead and when you're convinced it's locked in open your eyes. Notice how good you feel [Applause] hallelujah what'd you notice what'd you my dog learn means the world to me yeah good what'd you learn damn the blood flow yeah that was huge cool now have a seat give yourself a big round of applause [Applause].

So we're going to pro if you guys want to get a head start on this you can because i know you guys are going to hang out tonight. But we'll do this more officially tomorrow normally what i have you do when we practice this this is a drill we call polarity drills the. First round is usually done solo you can think of them as emotional calisthenics one of the things that you're going to discover as you start to explore your emotional range is that there are certain states you're going to do really really well and there are states that you think you should be doing really really well. But don't seem to get as far as you go you want to go they'll usually be the positive states by the way what you'll also notice is that again i'm just front loading you with this i don't let you discover a lot of these things on your own.

But for the sake of time and expedience i'm just going to give it to you one of the things you'll also notice is that when you try to access negative states you'll tend to go into them faster. But you'll also hold yourself back because you're going into them. So deep you're afraid you won't come back out we're going to eliminate that once and for all there is no. State that you can generate that you can't pull yourself out of.

But the belief that a state can overwhelm us and that as a byproduct of that we will die is kind of inherent within us. So how do we do this we pick a set of polar states it could be anger versus indifference could be joy versus sadness doesn't matter you you zero out your emotional state you minimize your physiology notice i'm sitting how many times have we done a drill where we were sitting none right. Why are we sitting minimize physiological engagement it's still almost impossible to completely minimize it because you have a body and you live in it right. What you do is you pick a set of emotional states you start from a completely neutral position.

So hot glow might be good to use here wouldn't it as an act of will you go as far into the positive polarity as you can you allow yourself to just immerse and be absorbed in the emotion now if you're doing anger you keep your hands to yourself you stay rooted in the chair right. You go as far into that state as you can or that you're willing to two different things when you thought when you believe you've gone as far as you can go will yourself back to neutral break the state hit hakalau get up do a jig whatever you want to do anything that breaks the physiology will break the state think about what you had for breakfast yesterday they'll all create a little buffer for you and. Then as an act of will an act of intention go as far into the negative state as you can immerse yourself become absorbed in the state when you've gone as far as you're willing to or as you think you can intentionally bring yourself back to zero break the state create a buffer done now what's going to happen is you will find out like i said there will be some states that you feel like you could go more. But it's almost like having the foot on the brake and the gas at the same time it's like you're spinning your wheels it's because you're trying to will yourself beyond you're trying to will yourself into what you expect versus what you can actually do.

So the secret is to stop trying to go further settle into that level become more fully absorbed and the deepening will happen on its own that's an advanced level because most people don't you know that's something you kind of evolve to right. I'm trying to give you as much as i can like i said i promised i'd take you as far as i can in the time that we have go as far into the positive state as you can bring yourself back to zero zero it out neutralize it go into the negative state as far as you can bring yourself back zero it out and neutralize it okay. Now you can do this with a partner and the way that works is all your partner is going to do is a process we call gross physiology not to be confused with gross anatomy it's a different class gross physiology means we approximate the physical postural configuration of the person. So if i'm sitting in a chair like this and say mandar is going to do the drill with me he's going to sit right.

Next to me and he's going to sit basically like me and he's just going to pay attention as i go through my drill he's just going to pay attention to how his chain his body changes as a byproduct of what i'm doing he's not trying to make anything happen he's not trying to sense what i'm what emotions i'm going to do even if he does any people whether he doesn't know or does it doesn't matter it's about noticing how being in proximity to somebody within your proprioceptive grid causes information to pass through that membrane and be reflected in the other person you're going to learn how to leverage that intentionally we're doing it as an aside. But it's part of your. First experience into what we call bridging drills tapping into a person's proprioceptive neurology and ultimately the other levels of their neurology through your own to do that we got to get in our body one of the fastest ways to do that is through physiological state control and these polarity drills now the hard way to do it is remember a time when you felt a certain way and remember the experience. But let me ask you a question what happened when you took.

The picture and made it bigger it intensified it how many noticed it intensified how many got the inverse effect maybe when they made it bigger it got weaker that's fine doesn't matter which one you either you're either what we call an expander or a concentrator some people when you make the picture bigger it diffuses the experience whereas if they make it smaller it concentrates that it makes it more intense right. I think a way i see now roughly about 75 of the population on any given group is about our expanders right. You make the picture bigger the feeling gets more intense the other 25 they have to go the other way it doesn't matter which one you are as long as you know which one you are. So you can use your coding system appropriately right.

What did you notice when you took. The picture and pulled it closer to your body it got stronger the vast majority of people whether you're a concentrator or an expander will feel an intensification when you move the the external image closer to the body and the reason for that is you're moving from a dissociated or disidentified perspective to an embodied perspective i mean that just like when you took. That picture and you wrapped it around you what happened to your perspective on the experience you were in it now right. That's how all of your experiences work what happened when you put the image behind you disappeared how many noticed that it either went away completely or diminished significantly yeah why because you've no.

Longer embodied it and and the the boundary of the boundary of the body is the. First rubicon the. Second is the spinal cord or your taiji pole anything that passes through the prism of the human body goes from from future to present to past. So anything that passes beyond the spine your nervous system automatically calibrates and codifies as overdone and complete remember i said i've making that joke i have this thing and i just can't get past it right.

If i just need to put this behind me if i could just figure out what it was i could get around it well think about something for a minute how many times have you heard people say i need to get over something well let me ask you a question if i get over something where does it end up oh if i put something behind me where does it end up oh if i get past something where does it end up hmm remember law of analogy tells us that the same principles are repeating at different levels of human experience what your brain does literally it does subjectively it does metaphorically the same parts of your brain that monitor and control and regulate physical pain also monitor and regulate emotional pain don't believe me go to pubmed type in acetaminophen and social rejection it took. A group of scientists wanted to measure the power of the rejection on people and. So they rigged this computer game that would systematically exclude a player make them feel like they were being intentionally left out and they monitored the levels of subjective pain and compared it to physical pain they found out the same parts of the brain that create physical pain are also creating the emotional pain to the point of if you're feeling rejected take an aspirin or tylenol because that's what they used for the test cell was acetaminophen they found that the pain of rejection could be removed or diminished by taking tylenol i haven't found any difference because and this is again from russian my russian martial arts as far as the the systemic systems are concerned there's no. Dif.

First of all the russians always looked at fear as an energy that accumulates in the body and. So many of their practices many of their breathing techniques were designed to teach you how to systematically find and remove the fear locked in your body. But they also went a step further they said tension stress are also energies locked in the body they're the same energy they can be removed the same way like yeah it makes sense you're gonna get your steps in we'll do some of that tomorrow by the way i'm gonna put you in pain i'll bring my talent up all right. You won't need it i hope not.

So like with my knees for instance um the pain comes and goes today it's pretty intense because i've been moving around a lot. So how does that equate to what you just said i'm feeling great except for pain in my knees yeah you remember the video instant emergency pain relief no. Okay. Oh yeah spinning not just spinning there was something else i taught.

First remember i don't remember ah go watch the video get ready for tomorrow okay. There's a process that the the the systemic practitioners call burst breathing remember if you want to do effective breath work you must link your consciousness with your breath move your consciousness to that area and breathe from that area if you want to affect the area. So you'll see in that video i recommend you go watch it tonight it's actually a good primer uh for tomorrow you'll see me twist people's arms or fingers put them in joint locks stuff like that and. Then i have them move their mind to the area put their consciousness in it and breathe the energy out and spit it out and you'll literally see the range of motion being restored the pain goes away why because you're removing it and i've we've adapted this to you know we taught this i think um was it one of the face reading i think it was the very.

First face reading class we taught in uh um hypno. Thoughts back and i think it was 2017 we called it the secrets of face reading and chinese medical hypnotherapy and one of the things we taught you how to do was find the sadness find the anger find the the rage or the the grief move your consciousness to it grab it with your breath and spit it out and people could because it's all just it's just all it's just all the same stuff it does and that technique was taught for people who are in a profession where stopping was not an option if you're a special forces soldier and you get injured you twist an ankle or you get shot quitting isn't an option quitting is death you have to recover you have to function you have to keep going that's what burst breathing is about and you'd be amazed what you can do with it simple technique it's it's it's worth its weight in gold right. That's actually one of the things you will be learning tomorrow tomorrow night okay. And again one of the things that is that one that we want to remember is fear is always the enemy in our world the moment we realize we we can conquer fear there's nothing we can't do any fear is easy because you created it whatever your neurology creates your neurology can change you just gotta have a technique and the willingness to practice okay.

So for those of you who are have never seen that video go to your youtube channel type in instant emergency pain relief watch it several times right.
