Title: h4llUECRciQ.txt
Video Id: h4llUECRciQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4llUECRciQ

Influence. CPI model has six basic steps to it okay. First one is state control. Second one is report.

Third one language fourth one mint state management five process six criteria don't say. I inverted my letters criteria and values now if. I had time and a marker that actually would write on a flip chart which. I don't got.

I hope. Anyway this is dry race okay. This is an algorithm that you follow this is the universal persuasion protocol this methodology will work anytime anywhere in any environment for any reason the. First thing you do before you.

First of all there's there's a plus one to this which we'll call that a outcome before you enter any type of persuasion or influence environment or context you must know your outcome you must know exactly what it is you want to accomplish and how you know you're gonna get there okay. It doesn't have to be complicated like. NLP like say the keys to an achievable outcome it has to be sensory-based times [ __ ] that right. Just to know what you want to accomplish and how you know you're getting it okay.

Sometimes that's just knowing you want to be make a friend sometimes it's just having somebody sign a contract sometimes that's just getting somebody to like you right. It doesn't matter what the outcome is whether it's a very small piece or a more global tactical strategy that you're employing you got to know where you're going you got to know where you're going because when we start doing languaging we start working on uninstalling these language patterns powerfully into your unconscious mind. So that you can use them anytime you want rapidly and automatically for every reason you can conceive of you'll understand tactically how they're used and you'll be able to redirect and maneuver within that languaging naturally kind of like. I did now come out of trance you know when you start speaking in the hypnotic language patterns that.

I use people will automatically go into trance you can't use these language patterns without affecting the corner ology of the person listening to them understand what. I just said you cannot use the length of specific language patterns that. I'm gonna teach you without affecting the corner ology of the person listening to them you see the problem that we have and. I'll go back to this algorithm in a minute the problem that we have with the way most of us are taught hypnotic language is we're taught it wrong what.

But that can't be true yeah it is it's not that the patterns don't work it's that we don't know they don't tell us which ones to use when. NLP. Last. I looked had 31 different language patterns in the.

Milton model. I don't people have trained in. NLP there we go okay. How many field-training ericksonian hypnosis hey which language patterns do you use when which ones are more important or more powerful than the others.

I don't know that's right. Because [Laughter]. However in the world according to. David because.

I'm not that smart. I have to simplify shit-shit being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence techniques okay. I had to figure this [ __ ] out there are key language patterns that have a primacy in the neurology in other words they're higher up on the ability to exert influence than others. But just like our neurology is simultaneously literal metaphorical hierarchical and archetypal certain language patterns are at a higher level than others within our neurology there's a pecking order the most powerful language patterns are the ones that form the building blocks of your internal subjective experience in other words the building blocks of your thoughts and that's what you're going to learn today the best part is you don't have to learn them you already know them you've been using them your entire life you've just not been using them as well as you could be you've been using them at random and by default sometimes they work for you sometimes they work against you and with just a few tweaks you will up your hypnotic power by orders of magnitude if you follow the protocol can we follow the protocol.

First thing. I need to understand is this is completely ethical this is not about lying manipulating or cheating with people okay. This is one of most powerful cool ways to play with this and you have a whole city waiting to be played with right. The.

First thing you want to do and we covered this yesterday we were talking about the speed attraction 2.04 which is the three magic questions protocol by the way for those of you who don't have any training in hypnotic language if you were at yesterday's workshop and you understood echo technique you already have hypnotic language that is the most hypnotic language the most powerful hypnotic language pattern you can use anytime anywhere because when you use somebody's very own words they can't not pay attention understand that they can't they can't ignore you when you use their words it's like when you're in a room crowded room with people somebody says your name you're like huh alright. Even though they're not talking to you you're you're attenuated you're sensitized to that languaging. So when you're paying attention to somebody use their words as often as possible when you're doing your intakes for your clients the most powerful suggestions you can give to the client of the ones that just came out of their mouth when they describe their problem when you ask them what they want instead or what they want in place of it those are the suggestions that are going to resonate the most powerfully with them you do not need to be creative if you start there you're already miles ahead of everybody else. I'm a competitive [ __ ].

So. I like to be there you may have noticed that about me. I'm very humble and shy and retiring not. Anyway.

So repeat after me control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process target their criteria and values control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process. Last one target their criteria advice one more time with feeling controllers control your state get rapport use your language manage their state jump into their process you target their criterion values that's called forced mind-reading by the way give yourselves a big round of applause you've just become masters of conversational and covert hypnosis great for writing sales copy to by the way great for doing affirmations as well now the cool thing about now this also presupposes you know what the [ __ ] you want because if you don't know what you want you can't even get started ok. So. First thing.

I want to do is. I want to just revisit state control a little bit if. I could would that be all right. Okay.

Everybody stand up give me two minutes on the timer assume the position while we're doing this. I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted and you realize on a tunnel lustfactor it was a 20 on a 10 scale now if your arms get tired or you want to use something different you can put your hands on your hips like. Wonder. Woman right.

But. I like this one now you do this for at least two minutes within within two minutes your twists tossed you read. Macbeth your testosterone is gonna spike by about 20% your cortisol is going to drop by about 40 20 percent as well maybe even up to 4 percent you're going to be simultaneously more assertive more confident and a hell of a lot more relaxed right. Now while you're doing this.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted. I mean not really wine like on a lustfactor 20 on a 10 scale. I want you to remember what how. I want you to element has to be something that when you saw it you knew you were going to go get after it no.

Matter what you made a plan you put that plan into action and you nailed it home run baby. I want you to see what you saw here what you heard feel what you felt smell and taste what you're smelling you taste and let those feelings come back. Full. Tilt boogie baby that's right.

Notice there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from. I'm not gonna ask you to point to where you feel it just become aware of where you notice it and also as you look. Inside notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what colors would those be for you. First impression that's right.

Now imagine a big-ass ball of that energy floating above your head and notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow it begins to expand to fill the room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of. Awesome unstoppable relentless success power and. Then breathe that energy through your entire body let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Power in the universe can turn it off not even you and when you know it's. So strong. So powerful no.

Force in the universe can turn it off not even you try to turn it off and notice what happens instead excellent drop your hands give yourselves a big round of applause. Oh now we're ready to rock and roll how to see alright. A couple of things. First and foremost your bail out your get-out-of-jail-free card whatever your state goes to [ __ ] and it will because the most powerful one of the most powerful factors you're going to have to deal with is your environment and your environment can overwhelm your critical faculty it can increase the level of neurological arousal in your body.

So intensely that your conscious mind checks out completely okay. As one of my by-proxy mentors dr. John. Lott surrett used to say when the [ __ ] hits the fan or the fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator your butt puckers up on your brains dropout right.

You lose your willpower you lose the ability to control your state as an act of will. So unless you are a. Special. Forces soldier or an elite athlete or someone or a.

First responder where you're trained to keep your wits about you in high stress environments the moment the environment changes your state will shift and you will lose the cognitive ability to control it. However there's a better way that works better for most of us even the elite use this it's your body for every psycho emotional state you have there is a corresponding posture and breathing pattern that a that it correlates to. So. I may not be able to always as an act of will will myself to be happy.

But if. I know what the posture of happiness is and. I step into that posture and. I hold it for at least two minutes guess what happens your state breaks and it goes into happiness and we don't have time because we got a late start we don't have time to do the drills we did yesterday how many did those drills yesterday okay.

You see these people. I want you to accost them after the training and ask them to show you just how bulletproof that actually is yes. Sir oh you just you forgot to take your hand down right. Simon.

Says [ __ ] all right. And right. I apologize for the quality of my voice. I blame.

Sophia wherever she is. But. I love her to death. But she lost her voice.

Last night. I think she tried to give it to me this is the universal persuasion protocol. I don't care if it's the therapy room the seminar room the treatment room the board room the court room or the bedroom this works everywhere and when you're really good at it especially this part and this you don't need this 80% of your persuasion is done before you open your [ __ ] mouth okay. Now that sounds a little esoteric it's not it's actually neuroscience okay.

You have this thing called mirror neurons in your body that interpret intention you have a proprioceptive nervous system that monitors at least six different types of information one of which is electromagnetic fields it monitors interoception mccanna reception nos deception extent reception these are all different channels of energy different channels of information they correlate are they they interact with your mirror neurons to form your intuition your empathic ability to communicate okay. And there's a grid around you that all as storing a lot of this information vibrationally that your interact with that's why people move their hands all the time when they talk these aren't random things these hands are literally moving to file cabinets where certain categories of information are stored okay. We played with that yesterday okay. We'll be playing more with the body language components tomorrow.

So and we'll also be giving away another package tomorrow. So for those of you who might want to get more training for free well you might want to show up just an idea right. But whenever we don't know what to do we walk into a situation oh [ __ ] what do. I do what do.

I want outcome control my state get rapport use whatever language techniques you know if all you know is echo that's good enough believe me you'll become the most fascinating person in the room with those three steps those three steps they won't be able to stop paying attention okay. It shouldn't be that freaking easy. But it is it's called the echo technique for those of you who have learned in the class yesterday. I have a bunch of videos on.

YouTube that. I teach this. So when in doubt echo it out all right. Now for those of you who went to yesterday's class besides echo you also had three magic questions and when you get the handouts for the extension you also have 36 magic bullets [Music] which are the intimus it's.

I call it the intimacy intensifier interview say that three times fast right. Which is a series of questions that are scientifically proven if you use at least nine of them to generate a tremendous feeling of connection and intimacy any a complete stranger okay. By itself it's a little it's a little clunky. But when you integrate it into this flow its becomes completely organic and you won't get rid of these people okay.

So only go beyond question two of the three magic questions unless you really like them okay. Seriously no. I'm dead serious okay. I won't tell you the mistakes.

I have made stuff that your your subjects aka targets very carefully which is what the three magic questions protocol is by the way it's it does two things it simultaneously creates a framework for organic hypnotically engaging intimacy enhancing conversation while at the same time triggering the target to automatically feel attraction towards you all at the same time giving you a boatload of information about who they are how they move through the world what their belief systems are in as little as twenty minutes. So you and it was designed for women to use on men guys it was designed to figure out are you a loser or a keeper in the twenty minutes or less they don't they can avoid six months of crash dieting new wardrobes hairdos right. Having to tap their roommate for the the bailout call you know get that intimacy phone call twenty minutes into the date oh. I gotta go my parakeets having the exact extensions crisis right.

I had to tweak it for guys to use with ladies now it works equally well both ways. But even just. Then. I didn't realize what we had because.

I started teaching. I taught this at one of my killer influence trainings way back when we where's my killer influence manual somebody steal it it's on the chair oh yeah this is a textbook. I wrote what's that really textbook. This is the bullet points it's been known to small stop small animals dead in their tracks.

But. But uh personal in a couple actually three actually four of them descended on my training for personal injury attorneys descended on my killer infants training back in 2012 and they all they have none of them wanted to be on camera and they all sat in the same corner even though someone didn't know each other. So vibrationally they were connected. I called them my legal department okay.

They took. The three magic questions in to jury selection processes deposing expert witnesses for the defense hostile judges and started pulling down seven-figure verdicts left and right. They were winning the cases in. Waddy.

R which is jury selection for what. I even met the the the plaintiff before they got to the courtroom they created these powerful tribes in the jury that just voted for them and it's a reptilian response you see tribes vote tribes protect their own and if a tribe ouches for you and you vouch for somebody that tribe will stand behind you more often than not - it's a reptile based it's a reptile brain response. So there's a lot of power behind what. I'm teaching you even though it originated from the seduction world it originated from teaching women how to be more seductive seducing men turns out because the the the mating paradigm is actually the archetype for all other social interactions and relationships if that's the outlier than anything that falls within it it's also useful for okay.

So understand that this is really powerful and if all you had was this you would be the most fascinating person in the room. But we're gonna go even further to the 18 most powerful words in the. English language which is really analogous to six categories of language. So.

I'd like to teach you the most powerful besides the echo technique. I'd like to start off by teaching you the most powerful hypnotic language pattern that we have. Gina did we hand out those cards yet oh she's right. Okay.

So you know what we'll do instead of handing them out and and disrupting the training if. Tina or or somebody could stand at the door and hand out the cards or the gifts. I have for them as they go out all dolls complain that. I'm gonna.

I have to have to move really fast how much time do. I have hour and a quarter okay. So the. First category of language that.

I want you to just over learn and utilize every single place is called awareness verbs awareness verbs aware recognize realize notice comprehend understand these are all words in this category let me write them for you as quickly as. I can aware comprehend recognize understand notice that's alright. We don't need a big laundry list okay. This is a crash course okay.

If you just learned if you just can memorize three of them putting on a little note card and use them whenever you can now what. I'm teaching you is a category of languaging known as presupposition presupposition is the neurological equivalent of an assumption of an assumption they are things that your neurology must act upon as if they are true just to make sense of what you're being told the chief among these is this one it's not the it's the most powerful in my opinion it's the one that is the hardest to detect flies immediately under the radar and will cause a person hearing it to begin to pay attention to undergo or undergo the state process or experience that follows it as you recognize the sound of my voice coming in your ears and you realize that what. I'm saying has power you may also begin to notice the sensation in the left earlobe coming into your awareness as well as you notice that sensation in your left earlobe even though you're trying to resist this particular language and you can recognize how your mind moves to the right. Foot into your big toe as it moves into your big toe you may realize your awareness is now traveling to the top of your head even though.

I told you it wasn't going to now we're not going to go through the world. I'm going to tell you something. I'd like you to resist it please right. Now notice.

I didn't use the old trick which is don't think of a pink elephant we're not using it negation okay. The awareness presupposition causes the brain to direct its attention towards whatever follows the word it causes the mind to begin to undergo the state process or experience that follows it and everything that follows it is assumed to be true even though it isn't many times. I don't think. I can which part oh okay.

Anything that follows the awareness presupposition the neurology automatically acts upon as if it's true it causes the neurology to begin whatever state processor experience follows the awareness category how many people have watched my youtube videos excellent now what. I want you to do how many of you have seen my spinning technique go back to my youtube videos and listen for these it's everywhere right. One of the cool things about using hypnotic languaging this way is it creates spontaneous amnesia you'll get the message. But lose the verbage.

So you naturally begin to automatically pay more attention to what i'm saying you'll instantly recognize that. I'm using these language patterns on you and as you notice. I'm using these language patterns on you and comprehending the power that they now have you'll still started. Li begin to realize you can remember what the [ __ ].

I said kind of works like that right. Now. I'm loading it up just. So you can feel that whoo-whoo effect.

But when you do this in normal everyday application-specific phrases they become extraordinarily compelling within any form of sales or marketing copy within any form of hypnotic process when you start to pepper these words in they go whether they want to or not understand that and the more of them you use the faster they go okay. In the system. I teach you never sound vague creepy oblique or confusing you sound like you're being very very specific while hip being extraordinarily hypnotically vague this language pattern forms the core of your sentence it is at the top of the hierarchy. So it dominates every other one how many people here ever heard the.

NLP concept logical levels of belief okay. So for those of you who don't. NLP has this idea and it actually they actually got it from. Gregory.

Bateson that you have a hierarchy to your belief system right. The highest of which is identity okay. And. Then it goes down all the way to environment and.

So what you'll have many times in. NLP is what they call a confusion of logical levels of belief. So somebody will come in to your room and say are coming to your clinic and say. I'm a smoker right.

How many work with smokers say. I'm fat. I'm a smoker right. I am this.

I am that we talked about identity statements yesterday didn't we those you were in class remember. I said we're talking about in three magic questions we talked about career passion people can't talk who you are is equivalent to what you do people can't talk about their identity stuff without going into a profound pleasure state even if they're telling you bad [ __ ] they get this perverse sense of glory because they get to talk about their favorite subject themselves right. Okay. The hot unless you study.

Robert delta's work he says the transpersonal spiritual level is above identity that may or may not be true. But the identity level is the highest level in the hierarchy of belief systems that we have because of that it controls everything below it what you believe about your capabilities what you believe about your environment what you believe will you deserve what you believe is right. And proper in your world it controls and dominates all of that when people come in especially clinically and they tell you. I'm a smoker.

I'm fat. I am. X. I am why what you're hearing the.

I am is what we call an identity statement it means that that particular belief that particular self-concept is right. Up here. But remember something smoking and being fat are not identities their behaviors there's something you're doing which means they've confused something they are with something they do everybody put your feet flat on the floor just play with you a little bit say. I do great hypnosis notice how your body feels now say.

I am a great hypnotist notice the difference in the feeling can you feel the distancing between. I do and. I am that little shift makes all the difference makes a huge difference in your ability to get change or create it in yourself or others every time you you stop thinking about who you are when you take something from that you are - something that you do you can always change what you're doing when people have a problem that's locked at this high level of identity they will fight to keep it as much as they would fight to keep their arm using give you a metaphor as an example let's say. I have two arms anybody here not have two arms raise your hand all right.

That's politically incorrect. I thought my point is well let's say for some one day you wake up and there's this growth on your arm and it's. Then it starts getting bigger and bigger and bigger and eventually gets to the point where you. Finally say yeah.

I better go get this checked out you go to the doctor he says it's it's a malignant melanoma we're gonna have to amputate gangrene is sitting in its yeah we got now you may consciously recognize that the arm has to go to save your life are you still happy about losing the arm will you exhaust every single option to keep it it's kind of what happens when you accept a belief at the identity level there's a part of you that that that belief that condition has become. So familiar with that the thought of losing it is actually kind of scary. So the. First thing you need to do is you need to get them from something they are to something they do because you can always change what you're doing you understand that okay.

Awareness. Ferb's can help you be can help you do that. But not just in a therapeutic context they can do everything they can do it yes. [Music] if they're if they're coming to you with the.

AMA smoker they've they've they may they may use the cert the. Second person to describe it. But still have this. But this is a key this is a big red flag and you're gonna hear it now that you're sensitized to it go out and talk to people when they talk about themselves.

I am this. I am that. I'm just. So this oh.

I always do this right. We're up here we need to get down here right. And that's the guy can be as simple as reframing it can be just as simple as asking the right. Question at the right.

Time right. Again this is not an. NLP class in this. But.

I wanted to give you the analog. So you understand this awareness verbs are the single most powerful language pattern because you can't resist them even when you know they're being done okay. You cannot fight what you cannot perceive understand that you cannot fight what you cannot perceive. So words in this category that.

I want you to play with aware comprehend recognize understand notice realize. So as you begin to become aware of the power of the awareness category and you begin to comprehend the impact that this can have in your everyday speaking you may naturally begin to recognize how you'll find themselves yourself using them more strategically each and every day and as you notice the effects that your words now have on the people growing greater and greater every single day you'll naturally realize what a wonderful decision you made by coming to this training did that sound hypnotic yeah. But did it sound vague did it sound yes. Nope it could be as simple as as the awareness of the power of this category sinks in you'll naturally find yourself realizing you've been using it all your life.

But now you'll be using it more strategically yes. If you used that way. But you have to be more strict any time you try to negate something you have to be very very strategic and very very much more skilled in your use of the languaging because. First of all one of the problems that we have in the hypnosis world the ericksonian world the.

NLP world is that there's this thing we call sexy [ __ ] should of course being a technical term these are the techniques that everybody thinks is cool that everybody thinks is sexy embedded commands binds negations something they're right. These are the things that everybody thinks is cool. So everybody learns them. First and everybody uses and everybody recognizes and flags you right.

Away is doing something which poisons your entire persuasion message when. I tell people. I'm gonna teach you the most powerful unstoppable hypnotic language patterns in the world and. I start with this they go what because it's not sexy that's what makes it sexy this completely steers your thinking and the direction of your thoughts and you never notice it and you can't resist it even if you did it is such a fundamental building block of your persona of your psyche of your neurology that you can't function without it try to do something without being aware right.

It's the foundation of everything. Therefore it's right. Here it controls everything else controls everything else it has primacy within the neurology that makes sense. I want you to take three minutes write down three sentences in the form of either an application-specific phrase that you might use with a client or out in the field whatever application it is or in the form of a hypnotic suggestion like if you were going to hypnotize somebody to be an awesome hypnotist to use conversational hypnosis using this language pattern what would you write right.

It might be. I easily recognize how to use the power of the of awareness pattern just a simple. First person or. First person progressive hypnotic statement.

But utilize these categories of words just write down two or three they don't have to be long they don't have to be complex. But they do have to be structured properly can you just write them by the way as an aside this pattern works on everybody hearing it simultaneously this pattern works on everybody hearing it simultaneously. So you can use it one-on-one or in large groups like this and everybody gets affected everybody in the sound of your voice or who can read your writing is affected by it we having fun yet all right. Real quick who's got some.

I wonder just here one or two or three just to make sure you're with me. Evan you got one you didn't finish. So you notice that you didn't have an outcome kind of hard to generate the pattern one it now think of an outcome. Jenny the pattern notice what happens yes.

Sir. I understand it notice my hypnotic capabilities are growing stronger and stronger every day does that sound vague at all sounds really good it's very strong it's a good one yes. Ma'am it's hard just it just stuck that's my point once you understand flow right. And it sounds great and after about the.

Third or fourth word you got right. Anybody noticed that after like the. Second or. Third sentence you started to check out you were listening.

But you weren't actually listening that's called trance right. When you use these patterns effectively your ability to parse seven plus or minus two drops to 3 plus or minus two very good nice. Laza she's looking at what just happened doesn't feel like you did it right. Right.

That's that. Taos right. Because there's a party that it's going it can't be this [ __ ] simple it just can't be that it is it's that simple. Wow.

I guess. I'm not that smart. I got to keep this [ __ ] simple. I'll never be able do it right.

Avoid the sexy [ __ ] sexy [ __ ] get you caught yes. Sir. Nanak language increases you'll rapidly realize the truth and give yourself the right. Answer doesn't matter written spoken doesn't matter one morning we're gonna move on okay.

I'll get you tonight star that very nice. Bravo big round of applause you guys are awesome [Applause] we haven't. Flint yet hey wait. I ain't done yet [ __ ] hypno.

[ __ ] you're all my hypno. [ __ ] now. I'm gonna get a t-shirt says hypnosis is sexy one of my students wanted to make t-shirts says. David's [ __ ] on the front us.

I don't know if we want to go that far. I'm the anti-cult right. Oh. I will take submissions for t-shirt ideas for.

Next year okay. You guys like this this is useful okay. Yes. Sir [Music] they won't they won't most of the time and even if they do they can't they can't help himself with this found if your content is [ __ ] dry there may be other reasons why they're drifting off right.

But as you become aware of the compelling power behind this language and you'll rapidly understand that it becomes extremely hard to pay attention anywhere else it's like it's like machine-gun hypnotic suggestions. Next one is almost as powerful cause and effect now cause and effect is bass. I call it in my world. I call it the language of truth okay.

The structure of cause and effect is. X causes. Y to use this effectively we have to talk about a piece of jargon in the. NLP and hypnosis world known as pacing now there is an understanding of pacing to mean that.

I do what a person does we all know that that idea the con who does not know what pacing means if you do not know if you if you know raise your hands if you don't know raise your hands if you're not sure if you know raise your hands there's an impetus an important category all right. Wow that is not easy to see it all is it okay. Now remember the notice what. I said earlier about your outcome the moment you decide on an outcome the phrasing and and the creation of the patterns become very easy the toughest time most people ever have with this when they try to generate outcome lists our application generic sentences.

But sometimes it's important to do because you have to understand the structure of the language as well as the dynamics of the language cell phones off please as you notice my intense desire to confiscate your cell phone you'll rapidly decide to turn the [ __ ] off right. Okay. So cause and effect now the cause and effect structure. I'm gonna eat each of the pieces.

I'm going to outline this creates a sequential linear relationship between two things that may have may not have absolutely no. Relationship to each other at all the very fact that you're sitting in this chair listening to the sound of my voice and hearing my words explaining these patterns means you rap it to becoming a better hypnotic operator and persuader out in the real world and as you use that you'll rapidly discover expanded capabilities and more rapid returns and compliance to your words when you use them right. How how does you sitting here [ __ ] cause you to do anything how did you sitting here listening to me talk cause you to do anything here we go it's a learning process like the color that makes sense doesn't it that what you've just heard is the rationalization factor kicking in there is absolutely no. Causal relationship between anything.

I said except the one you generate remember this people resist what you tell them they never resist what they conclude. So. Melissa is absolutely right. For her whatever rationalization a person generates is theirs and if you really want to lock it in challenge it you ever try to use logic to convince somebody of a decision they've made ladies ever been on a date where a guy tried to logic you into the.

Next date or to get you to go out at all didn't work real well did it right. Because it's all about feelings cause-and-effect languaging creates a process we we term pseudo logic it may be plausible. But it's not logical and that's all the neurology really cares about is it plausible now usually when. I teach this.

I use the most outrageous examples just to create enough cognitive dissonance in you to realize what your brain is doing okay. I'm not. I want there's a part of me that's sadistic part of me that really wants to do that. But we're on a time constraint.

So. I need to get it and my goal by the way for this training especially because we actually started started a little bit late if this is the scope of everything we could cover we have time for this. So my commitment as always is to take you as far into this material as. I can and show you where to go for more if you want it would that be fair okay.

Cool cause and effect has a structure. X causes. Y your. X is always something that is true something that is true something you can verify through your senses or become aware of yes.

So they can be subjectively true as you listen to the sound of my words you're having certain thoughts and as you pay attention to those thoughts it caused you to understand that it can be a subjective experience see the minute. I say you're having as you're listening to my words you're having certain thoughts the. First thing your brain does is go well he's speaking am i having thoughts am. I having thoughts yes.

I am it's true yes. Okay. No. No.

Again we're using this in a very modular very very chunky way when you start to stack them it's impossible that. I mean it gets even more powerful. But. I want you to understand the dynamics of each of these on its own.

So when you start because there's no. Way any there's no. Neuro linguistic programming on the planet who can metamodel this [ __ ] fast enough to defeat it you will check out. I guaran-fucking-tee you because.

I try tried this on every [ __ ] neural linguistic program or. I could find without them knowing it they never caught any of it and every now and. Then if. I knew someone was exceptionally sharp.

I would use what. I call the red herring technique. I would give them something to find and use everything else. I do sexy [ __ ].

So they get. So focused on the sexy [ __ ] they missed everything else right. So there's we're learning right. Now we're at the technical level right.

But as you install and in inter internalize these techniques you'll rapidly evolve to a point where you're no. Longer thinking okay. This is a thin brush this is a thick brush this is for that and this is for this you'll start. B thing okay.

This is my overall goal this is the strategy. I need to employ these are the tactics that supply that support that strategy and these are the techniques that support the tactics that's why we thought my. First program that. I put out on conversation enosis was called stealth ste alth strategic suggestion through emotionally amplified linguistically transmitted hypnosis okay.

A strategic suggestion okay. We're still at the technical level right. But until you create an outcome you have no. Way to create a strategy.

Therefore it's very hard to figure out what techniques to employ you always have to begin with the end in mind always okay. Now you can use these within the concept of a story or a metaphor. But you don't need to. I separate in my world.

I separate persuasion into presupposition which is this and story and metaphor. I have whole trainings devoted to store scientific storytelling in metaphor this is what the science is telling us about stories and it's some crazy [ __ ] let me tell you okay. Only a tiny piece of which is ericksonian based okay. Cause and effect.

X is always a truism we call this the language of truth the arrow represents your pattern words because causes as you triggers makes. I your why is always a lead you guys need to repeat these words for you because. I know some you can't see them because causes allows makes triggers these are good enough you can go to a thesaurus and find gazillions more these are not the only words in these categories right. But you only need a couple jump to understand the structure once you understand the structure.

First of all you can't speak without using cause and effect is a fundamental building block of your language and your thought processes the minute you become aware of something the. Next thing your brain does in terms of filters is separate what came. First what came. Second that's the hierarchy you become aware of it find the cause the two things come into awareness one is causal one is effect see how it works can you see the hierarchy now the.

Next thing that happens is we decide what it means become aware cause effect meaning that's the language of belief all of your beliefs are stated this way. But we're not there yet because causes allows as you triggers makes everybody got these simple words right. You don't need to have multi syllabic linguistic eloquence which is one of my biggest problems with the. NLP community they confuse the constant in.

NLP we have this concept the concept of what they call elegance which. I was taught to mean getting the most of gun and elite with the least amount of steps right. But they've lost their way they've started to confuse elegance with eloquence they get way too [ __ ] wordy the words they use get longer and longer and longer in their attempts to sound smart to be efficient in their language well you know what there's this [ __ ] in the. White.

House that proved them all wrong and. I predicted he would win now. I'm not a supporter by any stretch of the imagination. But.

I predicted a full year and a half before he took. Office before anybody took. Him even seriously that he would win because. I knew what he was doing you see you can't fire off a person's amygdala and expect them to be rational anymore you can't shame entire populations of people and not expect pushback and he tapped into it we're paying for it.

But it's kind of our fault right. We didn't know what we didn't know now you do everything human beings do believe think. Express is in response to a feeling that's it. I don't care what.

NLP says. I'm a visual no. You're not you have a visual component to you. I'm an auditory no.

You're not you have visual components you have auditory components you have olfactory components some of you stronger than others. But. Anyway you have gustatory components. But they don't cook.

The rice you only respond to those because of the way the visual the auditory the olfactory and the gustatory make you feel and when your feelings shift your reality shifts that was the crux of yesterday that's why state control. First the ability to control state is the ability to control reality starting with yours and. Then everyone else is in the room and your hypnotist your reality technicians that's your [ __ ] job and your job is not belief your job is not to go around making people believe you. So you can help them your job is making people comply.

So you can help them your job is compliance people come to you to tell you what to do right. Get comfortable with that be willing to use your power use it for good starting with your good you're a person - you're no. Good to the world broke you're no. Good to the world disempowered you're no.

Good to the world holding back your power start with making your life what you want it to be. First move through the world feeling empowered and. Then use your power to empower others we got that we got the formula wrong give everything to everybody else. First and.

Then wonder why the world never gives back right. How many take your finger touch your nose press in a little bit how many of you feel a little groove there raise your hands if you feel a little groove there what you've got is what we call in. Chinese face reading a human angel marking you or people who feel compelled to help others a lot and you're always a little sad because the world never seems to give back to the degree that you give and you're always a little sad because you realize where you came from is a little bit better than this place and no. Matter how good this place is it's just ain't that sound familiar empower yourself treat yourself kindly treat yourself better than you treat your kids because you're your.

First kid and your world and everyone around you the world will change just an idea truisms insert your causal word a lead is always what you want them to do whatever state process their experience or behavior you want them to what actor whatever action you want them to take okay. So you're here is that a prosecutor give me something that is true and apparently when she has very good taste. But. Anyway give me some values give me one of the words on your list allow excellent you sir give me something that you would like somebody to do or believe or experience okay.

The fact that. David. David is very handsome allows you to travel pretty cool huh just fill in the blank. Hey travelling allows you to realize how handsome.

David really is well again. I start off with very blocky just fill in the blanks and. Then you just streamline it one more. Seana give me something that is true.

I'm here excellent give me one of our. Oh give me a word in the cause and effect quatre it doesn't have to be on that list. But if it's on the list you can use it cause ok. Give me something to do believe say experience whatever an induction the fact that.

I'm here causes you to realize you're having an induction placed upon you see the structure bare-bones structure this is it three words more phrases right. And you can dress it up. I actually through an awareness category in there did not see how it was really float it lubricates the entire process one of the problems we have in neurolinguistics is the concept of softening and out. P is it as.

I. I was voted the number two trainer in. NLP this year. So thank you for that give yourselves a big round of applause appreciate that.

So now everybody's pissed off at me. But one of the problems that we have and. I love. NLP.

I do except. I'd have a lot of issues with the way it's taught and because the over-reliance on the language and less understanding of the mechanics underlying it one of the problems we have in neurolinguistics is that the the processes are very very powerful and it's obviously powerful the problem is it's too obvious people know something is being done even if they don't know what it is that's being done and. So you can gender in the listener what is commonly referred to as psychological reactance psychological reactants in the world according. David is what we call the [ __ ] you factor right.

Even if it's something that you know is in your best interest if somebody is telling you to do it you didn't ask for that advice you go thank you [ __ ] you right. You be you're nice to their face. But in your mind you're going [ __ ] you. I'm not gonna do that you pull a.

Robert. Downey jr. yes. Thank you very much for your input and inside your standing. I get if.

I can do that right. The problem with. NLP is as powerful as it is it also. Flags that something is being leveraged on you and we don't like that that's why.

NLP has the in some cases justifiable reputation for being manipulative okay. Because it's powerful. But the problem is is the good the good neuro linguistic programming. I've of what they're doing because it's soft its smooth its gradual you never feel the push you feel the draw you understand that there's a subtlety to it and the way you do that is till we call pre framing which we cover in.

CPI which. I think the. Next one will actually. CPI three is going to be on sleight of mouth and that's in.

December the. Next. CPI class that we're teaching is in. April.

So if you guys are interested in that and you get packaged you might want to come out and see us cuz we're gonna drill you though we'll drill on all six stages. I don't have time to do that here. But you get the idea you get the structure. So.

I want you to do the exact same thing choose an outcome use your pattern words and either phrase them in the context of an application-specific phrasing or a bullet point you might use if you're going to do using this in a hypnotic context fine if you're gonna use it in a marketing context fine. But have an outcome keep your structure simple make sure there is something that is absolutely verifiable is true on your front end use one of your pattern words and. Then something you want them to do or experience as a result of what just came before got it let's take five minutes and do that [Music] keep it simple it does not have to be high poetry although most poetic language is written this way what times this session over. TJ 1150 okay.

[Music] [Music] okay. Who's got one. Shana hit me. I love you can.

I read it can you well cuz. I want them to hear it okay. The simple fact that you are aware of the issue you are having means that you have already begun to develop a solution she's got my course she stacked [ __ ] well done very nice anybody else when. I volunteer we're gonna just do two or three.

I can. I wish. I could do everybody. I usually do yeah very nice big round applause for that one that was good big round of applause thank you you sir in the corner.

GT amen give me one excellent the fact the fact recognized say it again nice and loud the fact if you've already lost 20 pounds means their act recognizes or something. I hypnotically [ __ ] myself again that's all right. I do that a lot okay. Very good was this hard that's right.

We're thanks to. Melissa. Anyway right. In this same family does anybody want to volunteer one just to get feedback yes.

Sir nice loud okay. You just went into the. Next pattern. I was going to cover which is complex equivalence when you any time you hear the word means you no.

Longer have a causal relationship with something in the complex equivalence category we still have an. X which is a pace or something that is true we still have a middle piece which is our pattern word and we still have a y the difference is here now this truism is the same as this. So being in this room listening to the sound of my voice means you're becoming better skilled at using hypnotic language and as a result of that you'll discover more and more that you're using this effectively in every way for every reason how does you sit here listening to me mean you'll be anything the answer is it doesn't except through the plausible rationale you generate internally which also makes it true. So when we're talking about complex equivalence.

X is now the same as. Y they're both equal all right. You see these on t-shirts and bumper stickers all the time time is money a day at the beach is like a a bad day fishing is just as is better than a that's not right. So in in this end in this equation the.

X is still true the. Y is given word gives you this that gives it this equivalent meaning. So learning these patterns means you're gonna use them more effectively how how does learning these patterns mean anything about how you're gonna use these patterns you see. But you can't deny that you're learning the pattern it's a truism right.

And. So if. X must be true y must also be true all right. This forms the foundation of a very famous induction that most of you learned in either.

NLP or ericksonian hypnosis is called the five-four-three-two-one induction huh we're [ __ ] yeah well you start with five things that are true and. Then one thing that you want them to do that four things that are true and two things that you want them to do and. Then three things that are true and to three things that you write remember this you always lose track by about the. Third level right.

This is the foundation of that because an unusually and again in our. CPI trainings. I actually. I have two drills that actually just drive this into your neurology because they can be any five things and within five to seven paces the person checks out they're gone and they know what's happening they know the drill they know they're supposed to fight it they still check out because there's a part of your brain that sorts for contrast and sorts for suit for truth and it's extremely lazy and after three or four things that are absolutely true it stops checking it stops checking this is why news commentators even though we know they're full of [ __ ] most of the time we still listen because ninety percent of what they do is pacing and.

Then they throw in an opinion here there and we give it the same level of veracity right. When watch them even more paces you you you inject the more truth you all truthful you are till. Then until they've felt their checks off and. Then all of a sudden you just layer it in now.

I have this sneaky thing. I guess on it well it should be in a conversational timely manner. But you can always have them recall the pace and restart the process right. When you put complex equivalence.

I mean when you put this complex equivalence at the end of a cause-and-effect statement you have what. I call the belief formula. X causes. Y mean.

Z all beliefs are stated this way we see something it triggers an effect and we decide what it means in our world okay. So simply sitting here listening to the sound of my voice and understanding how these patterns go together both individually and in a modular format causes you to understand how to create very powerful hypnotically compelling neuro linguistic lis active languaging that automatically means people will be able to will help will just start listening to you and doing what you say and accepting your suggestions regardless of what they otherwise might have want to do all. I did was cause effect equivalence cause effect equivalence cause effect equivalence now here's the best thing how many people here from there with the law of suggestion okay. Who can tell me what the law of suggestion is the law of compliance is anybody any kinds in the room any students of.

Gerry. Cayenne or. Omni people none okay. Don't don't be bashful.

I'm a kind in what's the law of suggestion okay. That's compounding okay. Law of suggestion says well actually the loft may be its blog compliance let's talk about that one law of compliance means this it could be the law of suggestion in your world when. I give you a suggestion and you accept it you become predisposed to accepting the.

Next suggestion. I give you if. I give you a suggestion and you reject it you become predisposed to rejecting the. Next suggestion.

I give you it's tax if. I give you a suggestion and you accept it in other words. I've given you a cause. I give you the effect that you accept as true it's now passable.

I call this cyclic okay. Seeing and leading this is like a spiral that's what. I just used the given that. I'll give you a cause.

I give you the effect you accept the effect. I tell you the meaning the mean the minute you accept the effect and or the meaning it becomes subjectively verifiable. Therefore. I can use it as the.

Next pace and. I can spiral you right. Off into the ozone and it all yeah absolutely and we're all. Liars.

Anyway we live for a living well actually we call reality training right. We tell the cut we tell the subject lies until the clients reality changes and now it's true ah forget that right. We are reality technicians reality is what we say right. Remember this this is like more advanced training yeah.

But how many people didn't know what a reality frame is raise your hands if you know what a reality for him is if you don't. I won't even talk about it okay. Don't worry about it we'll cover it. Next time.

So that's an open loop from hell isn't it a reality frame is basically the meaning the meaning of an interaction from your perspective are you the prize or the dominant in the relationship are you the subordinate or are you an equal and depending on what perspective you take within that interaction your perception of it will change and the meanings of behaviors that people take on will change as your frame changes your position in the frame changes okay. I teach a whole class on kinesthetic body language driven frame control controlling other people's frames and interactions - changing your body language those of you who experience the open heart trust trigger yesterday or. I talked about rock star master and commander that was a part of it. I'm trying yeah what's that training cold starts in.

CPI and. Then in the advanced courses killer influence the big manual. I showed you yes. Yes.

Absolutely because whether they're reading it or not it's still linguistically based any form of linguistic communication this will work okay. Means is equals equivalent sets give me a couple more captain thesaurus sorry what same as excellent anybody else got one or two identical perfect see you're starting to work now one or two more what like excellent like that one. I like like just as if that's a little more complex. But yes.

Just as if perfect. So write those down create a couple of sentences. First create an outcome create a context actually create a context. Then create an outcome and write some some structurally correct complex equivalents languages now.

I would like you to use at least make one or two of like a hypnotic suggestion to program somebody to use this stuff better because. I have a game we're gonna play in about. Oh three minutes hmm a lot of people in this room. I don't know if we're gonna be able to do it [Music] [Music] okay.

This should be going be a guy's speech to be pretty quick at this. So. I just want to go who's got one that wants to her going to read and. Then impressed me with your prestige prose yes.

Sir go ahead you showed up and that means you must enjoy the stuff you showing up means you must enjoy this stuff how does showing up me you [ __ ] enjoyed any of this crap right. But you see how naturally it flows how the logic is just there makes perfect sense. But it doesn't that's the neurology saying hey this makes sense it must be true and you can get really you can really really push this and. I did since sometimes high comedy for me because.

I just love watching the cognitive dissonance twist your face in there weird shapes yes. Good yes. Because you're here to stop smoking means you're already successful how would you like to be someone struggle with smoking here's that [ __ ]. But yeah baby the very fact that you're in this room willing to listen to my instruction means you're all ready to make use of it aren't you of course yes.

Sir being in this class causes you to learn language patterns which means you are rapidly becoming a much more powerful hypnotist. Bohn be round of applause for that right. Just fill it just fill in the blanks once again anything that follows the pattern language because the means is presupposed yes. Yes.

Yes. You can use it any way you want well again we're using this modulae. So this would be something you would intrinsic become make intrinsic to whatever protocols you're utilizing right. When you get really advanced you can utilize this language to describe hypnotic processes that would normally they would have to actually have the client volitionally do and they'll just watch it happen well for example if.

X. T and how many of you hear a lot of people you said we're trained in. NLP right. Right.

When you do us like a. LP swish pattern how many people know what a swish pattern is swish pattern is when you take one picture that is the primary thing and. Then you haven't go and replace one well if you understand how this language works you can actually describe the process and watch the clients unconscious mind do it for them because in this world one thing you need to understand is that there is no. Difference functionally between a vivid description which is what these are and a direct command with the exception that a direct command has the capacity to be resisted descriptions don't and that ability to resist goes down dramatically when these patterns are engaged deliberately okay.

So whether you're using this for short-term change or long-term change it's not really relevant they'll work either way does it help okay. Yes. Sir here [Music] yes. Always always the way you the way you examine your language when delivering suggestion is the.

First thing you ask is there any way what. I'm about to say could be resisted or more importantly is there any way what. I'm describing could not match the clients internal representation if you understand that distinction you'll understand how to walk the line. But to be hypnotically descriptive and convey with a and again this one happens either with too big and well from the ozone or we're too specific and what we describe doesn't match the person's internal pictures.

So the way. I deal with it. I always ask about creating suggestions is that there any way what. I'm describing could not match what they're experiencing and the moment.

I find that point. I pull back to the. Next level. So.

I might say as you're driving through the world imagine driving through the world wind flowing in your areas you're riding in your favorite sports car hey what color's your sports car in your head red what color's your sports car what color's your sports car silver what kind of sports car porch kind of sports car what kind of what kind of car excellent contrast that with as you imagine yourself moving through the world the wind whipping in your hair and your cherry red. Mustang. Cobra. Mustang.

Cobra. GT feel a difference that's the difference between being hip nautically vague and descriptive and being too specific which is where all of us in the are using ericksonian based languaging tend to screw this up we project our own internal picture into our language and we give it to the client which doesn't match what's going on and now you've got a disagreement frame they have to back up their picture change it and move forward if they bother to do that at all if you're like sectile just come out of translate no. That's not right. Anybody ever have that go to a training you start describing - there no.

That's what happened right. When in doubt paste it out the one thing people can't disagree with is a pace. So if you find yourself mismatching just back up start pacing and come back again alright. Okay.

Here's the dumb [ __ ]. I have got 20 minutes left we have much. I'll give you guys a choice and. I know what you're gonna say cuz.

I've taught this class a gazillion [ __ ] times. But. I teach it different every time if anybody if into these this particular breakout every year. I've teach it a little different you guys noticed that yes.

Yeah right. Because. I learned from you. I learn how you guys learn best and.

I'm always adding. I'm only. I never stopped my students keep coming back year after year here cuz. I never [ __ ] stop.

I'm always exploring. I've got five or six years worth of material and. I'm researching right. Now that will eventually make it into your training funnel okay.

Face reading stuff we're doing tomorrow is absolutely cutting edge the holographic memory stuff that. I debuted a little bit on during the pre-conference game-changers complete game changers. But it's just there's a process of. I don't put out anything that hasn't have a high high percentage return and ease-of-use.

So you can always get take this stuff to the bank because. I've used it. I didn't create this. I got to be honest with you.

I didn't create this [ __ ] for you. I didn't. I created this [ __ ] for me right. I had stuff.

I wanted and it's the technologies. I've been teaching had limitations and. I wanted those limitations gone for me to have for me turns out other people had some of the same issues too and if this can help you. Then.

I'm doing my job. So thank you for giving me the opportunity to reach more people because you're my message to the world you're the people who are going to spread this and take it forward and change everything starting with you. So that being said. I'm gonna give you a choice now we can learn one more language pattern which.

I really like or we can play one of my favorite hypno. Games how many people want the language pattern [ __ ] how many people want the game fine yes. Because if you give a hypnotist the choice been actually doing something or sitting in a chair and taking notes they'll do that learning is fun. But training is what cooks the rice.

I tell my students and. I. I could through all my students to some degree the degree to which you wouldn't become a deeper student is really up to you if. I have all different ways that people can enter my training processes what.

I do tell people is that before you decide to buy whatever is in my catalogs or sign or whatever of courses appeal to you come and talk to me. First because. I have a huge huge library and ivana sequences of trainings and not every training funnel is right. For everybody right.

If you're not one of those special kind of stupid people who wants to move through the world fixing other people's [ __ ] the. Last thing you want to go to those real world hypnosis okay. Even though with the idea by any real-world hypnosis is hypnosis anytime anywhere for any reason and get the result no. Matter what there are a lot of people who are highly not motivated to help other people they just want to fix their own life they want to be more effective in their business they went be more effective selling or meeting women or men a lot of women come through my classes for that application.

So don't think it's just men doing that [ __ ] okay. And every training funnel is different you know most people eventually go full circuit if you want to do energy and vibrational stuff we have those training funnels too. But you can't get into those classes until you've invented you've passed my prerequisites right. Which is always the really.

SuperDuper practical stuff cuz everything is progressive and foundational does that make sense. So. I'm pretty accessible either directly or through emails or whatever. So talk to me.

I'll tell you what to take right. The. Next pattern that we're gonna do is was actually when. I.

First learned this stuff from. Kenrick during his max persuasion this was the. First pattern he taught and. I fell in love with it and for years it was always always always let off with it until.

I started really paying attention to what was you know where the higher the hierarchy started to emerge this is up there it's in the top four okay. And of the 40 the 31 to 41 different language patterns these are the top tier ones okay. In my world an advanced technique means it's easy to apply guess the greatest result with the least amount of input that's how. I judge an advanced technique other people have different criteria for an advanced technique how much skill do you need to actually apply it and in what context that's kind of where they go that's what makes them in advanced technique is you have to have super skills to make it work well [ __ ] that.

I want. But simple stuff that always works in that why we're here. I'm not gonna suggest you change your criteria for what's advanced. But it might make your life more easy all right.

This. Next language pattern and if you don't believe me about how powerful this is go home and read your shampoo bottle adverb adjectives presuppositions words in this category easily naturally automatically simply logically intuitively unlimited as you easily begin to naturally understand all these language patterns combined you'll addict automatically begin to simply recognize the immense power that appears when you begin to quickly utilize them both logically and intuitively to direct people's thoughts in a way that taps into the unlimited potential of their neurology and gives you an unfettered access to that unlimited potential simply logically and intuitively you'll find yourself using it because you've been using this all your life and because you've been using this all your life it means you already know how to do it naturally get it throughout a trance we use these all the time this is the foundation of good compelling writing. However the way most of us are taught to use it is grammatically our hypnotically not optimized in traditional. English as.

I was taught at at least it may have changed. God knows we're changing everything else in our school systems right. We're still out to put the descriptor. So this is something to say the car was blue this is structurally how we're supposed to write plop plop okay.

The descriptor is behind the thing it describes okay. Now. I'm gonna. I'm gonna do something in a minute at ten minutes okay.

We're gonna do something in a minute to demonstrate what's actually going on here. But. I want to give you the. Third the theory.

First because like. I said we have ten minutes. So. I got a tea now do we have the cards ready for people to hand out yes.

Where's. Tina do we lose her oh there she is okay. I have one final gift for all of you tonight for coming out and sitting and listening to my meanderings mostly how can you never heard of my. NLP power mastermind mentoring program raise your hands if you've heard of it if you haven't let me explain it to you the.

NLP power mastermind mentoring program was something that was started at the request of my meetup members back in 2010. I have the largest. NLP meetup. Second largest.

NLP meetup in the world and. I have the highest rated most well attended meetup we meet twice a month in. San. Diego we have since 2010 actually since before 2010.

But a few months into the running the mastermind which was anybody can come in it didn't matter if you have 20 years. I have no. Sixth experience or 20 minutes and we would we start off with very specific hypnosis related topics and. Then we started to realize that there were there were certain areas of life that people wanted to get handled they just didn't care how they handled it they just wanted the tools to do it.

So we changed what we two topics which exploded the meet up even more. But during those. First couple of years of. Meetup people kept coming up to me and they kept saying.

David how can. I get certified by you where can. I get more training and. I said you can't because.

I wouldn't certify people. I taught hypnosis and. NLP for free for ten years before. I moved to.

San. Diego between living in. LA and moving to. San.

Diego how many here have ever heard of the. LA sleepwalkers. I was the. International president of the loss of the inter sleepwalkers internationally were the world's largest free.

NLP hypnosis practice groups in the world we have chapters in 13 states and five countries okay. And as that as a because of that we had every hypnosis and. NLP organization in the world trying to recruit students it was we were like. Sweden we didn't care about immunizations we didn't care about who your trainer was if you had any training you know all we cared about was that you had a sincere desire to do the drills and learn the skills no.

I was the president of that group. But. I had three very very very good friends and colleagues who. I met through the sleep walkers at the very.

First meeting we ever did you may know some of them his name was. Scott. Sandlin. Richard.

Clark. Richard. Rumble they took. An idea that started in.

LA in 2002 and built this please give them a massive round of applause sure to thank because. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for them. I'm here because of them quite frankly which is why when. I'm here.

I'm giving you everything. I can because. I know that's how we get things done the more you give properly the more you'll get it's clearly selfishly. I'm up here okay.

But because of that time. I saw hypnotists and neuro linguistic programming and students of seduction in every other form of influence you can imagine from infom energy work to chakra work or whatever and they all sucked they couldn't when actually they could tell you chapter and verse of everything in their manuals. But when it came down to actually rolling up the sleeves outside of the context in which they were trained their technique was completely gone or minimal at best now. I'm not saying you suck at all because.

I know a lot of you are really well trained and you really take what you do seriously. But we as a community need to raise our standards for ourselves because what has happened is our knowledge base has been commoditized in many cases we are no. Longer buying a skill set we're buying a certificate. I tell all of my students and this is something you may want to adopt or not may not make it may not make me popular and.

I'm okay. With that you know half the. NLP world hates me already. I'm still working on the other half right.

You will always pay twice for everything you get from me you will always pay twice. First payments the easy one that's the money whatever whatever it is $5 $50 $1500. But it doesn't matter that's the easy payment because you can always get more money it's the. Second payment that's the hard one that's the one most people refuse to make and that's the time the energy the effort to take these skills and make them yours the.

First payment gives you access to the information the. Second payment gives you ownership of the information and that's something that no. One can take away from you and it doesn't matter how many certificates you got on your wall or how many books are in your library where you go it goes and it's always yours adverb adjective presupposition put the descriptors before the thing it describes put the descriptors before the thing it describes. I off the big open loop.

I'll try to close it before we leave okay. So if. I say the cut like remember when. I was when.

I was talking to these gentlemen about their favorite sports car okay. Notice when. I got to the point of what color was your sports car each of them had something different when you use this properly when you use this properly it forces the subjects internal pictures to be exactly what you described. But they make it up inside.

So they don't resist it okay. I'm gonna give you a very bad example the way. So you understand the process the camel that was green with three legs limped backwards up the hill and exploded now quick question when. I said camel the moment.

I said camel what color was your camel. Brown how many legs oh [ __ ] how what color was your camel tan what color was your camel beige close your camel how many legs did it have what happened when. I said that was green you had to stop back up your freaking picture drop a leg off and move forward again every time. I did that you were doing this and.

Then eventually eventually keep doing enough people say. I'll [ __ ] this. I ain't doing that and you escape into trance. But that's the wrong kind of trance right.

In order for things to go into your unconscious mind that you can recall them there has to be an attention conduit there has to be an awareness conduit when you utilize these patterns properly you keep their attention if you bore them into trance the [ __ ] goes in. But it doesn't come back out get it there has to be a recall pathway for the information and that is directed is facilitated by your line of conscious attention. So we have to and that's why. I might get one of my big problems with the way.

NLP is taught is. I'm gonna teach your unconscious well great you're teaching my unconscious. But. I'm constant what the [ __ ] you're teaching me.

So. I don't know if. I'm using it. I don't know.

I wasn't just getting lucky there needs to be a conscious recall pathway. I'm not saying unconscious learning doesn't work. God knows it does. But how do you know you can tell how do you turn it on off how do you how you parse what you're learned how can you explain what you do the definition of intuitive is you can't [ __ ] explain what you're right.

Not good enough in my world. I need you to understand what you're doing and have the unconscious processes in place at your beck and call. I want you to have the on and off switch that you can consciously flip when you need to and the ability to just unconsciously go into it whenever the situation calls for it does that make sense okay. So when you do this.

I'm gonna give you another sentence notice how easily your mind does or does not make the description that comes out the black-robed staffed carrying magician majestically walked down the hall even if. I do it slow the black-robed staff carrying magician majestically walked down the hall. I don't need any more description and that you're gonna fill in all the blanks what. I just showed you where.

I with the camel example is what your brain is doing all the time yes. How many can remember yesterday. I was talking about the lossy zip file that when the words coming out of our mouths are like this data excluded little tiny picture of a much higher resolution image when my zip file hits your computer your brain tries to put back the missing pixels. But it does it using your own experiences it doesn't using your own metaphors your own memories and processing systems.

So what you get is a facsimile of what you believed. I said not what. I did the example. I just gave you with the camel is exactly what's happening at the inn literally faster than nanoseconds all the time with everything thank you okay.

Words in this category easily naturally automatically simply logically unlimited naturally as. I begin to come up agreeing this session to a close you'll automatically realize that from all the things from among all the many things. I could have taught you we had time for this in the. NLP power mastermind mentoring program which meets on the.

Third. Saturday of every month in. San. Diego it's been running continuously live since 2010 we have videotaped and every single training session its application driven which means it's not my curriculum it's your things that you want to learn each time each.

Saturday. I go around the room. I say what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. I write them all up on the board.

I look. At what you guys have given me. I'd find all the connecting threads. I generate the lesson plan right.

On the spot and for the. Next four hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep. Then.

I send you out into the world to get your outcomes and if you want to you come back. Next month. Third. Saturday and we do it all over again with new [ __ ].

But you decide what [ __ ] we cover. I have been doing that with people it is not a certification track it's a skill building track. I have been doing that non-stop with my local participants in. San.

Diego since 2010 we have videotaped every single training session and archived them on the. NLP. Power website as you walk out. Gina is going to hand you a card there's an email there's a web address on there if you go to that website in addition to the handouts.

I have for you from this training and the other trainings you will get a we have archived every single one of those ten years seven years of video on the. NLP power website you will get free unfettered access to the entire seven years of video for free 30-days binge watch to your heart's content at the end of 30 days just click the unsubscribe button or let us know and you're done if you want to continue to binge we're gonna still running the mastermind we're not going anywhere we're still adding content sorry what oh the drawing okay. And we also have to give a [ __ ] don't we right. So.

Tina will have a cook. Yes. Put it in half pick a half you guys ready by the way limit one per person have to say that [ __ ]. Evan.

Bain we won't see him [ __ ] again right. Congratulations brother there you go you just emailed me with what. I need your your thing just email me with the techniques and trainings you want to attend all right. If you had a good time please tell everyone we've got one more training tomorrow this has my list thank you.

So much come on see this again you're very left sir for me yes. Yes. You end or somebody else it's.
