Title: WEBINAR: Stop Manipulation: The Hidden Secrets They Don’t Want You to Know
File Name: HN6-gw5uEn8.txt
Video Id: HN6-gw5uEn8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HN6-gw5uEn8

E e e e e e e e e e f e e e e e e e e e e hello hello hello everyone this is. Dr. David and. Welcome to our special edition secrets of human influence program defense against the dark arts of persuasion and manipulation for the.

Next 180 minutes or. So give or take. I'm going to be your host as we go on a journey together a journey that involves the. Art and.

Science of human influence both ethical and honest approaches to human influence. But also the uh the. So ethical and honest approaches to human influence. I.

I we chose. Black. Friday because had black in the title and obviously there's a lot of reasons why we want to be here today. But this is your this webinar most importantly is about you.

So. I'm curious about something um. I'm going to go through my what. I like to call my pregame warm-up.

So if you are this is your. First time checking in with us uh we are streaming live to our zoom and a couple other platforms out there uh before. I get into what. I love andly call the.

Dr. David dog and pony show uh go ahead if this is your. First time uh checking in with us please type. First time in the chat where you're checking in from and your.

First name. So we know who you are and we can make sure that um you get the best we have to offer uh for tonight if you're a veteran of. Planet. David you've been around for a little while uh type in your name where you're checking in from and how long you've been a member of.

Planet. Dave. I'm going to go ahead and open my vest because it's a little warm where. I'm at right.

Now. So do you guys all have a good turkey day y'all stuffed watching football doing whatever it is you do yeah jodian says not exactly my. First time. Seth likes to say all right.

I see a lot of familiar faces and that's fine all right. So. Richard. I about six years very good all right.

Uh and. I we'll check in with our. Zoomers shortly um in any event let me ask you a question um have you ever had that moment where you said you know maybe you're talking to somebody or you know you meet somebody or somebody comes up to you with a deal of a lifetime and there's just part of you that says something's not right. But you go ahead and you do it.

Anyway and. Then a week two weeks six months. Later you're like why the hell did. I fall for that why the hell did.

I do that right. Um maybe you walked into a convers you walked away from a conversation scratched your head knowing something wasn't right. You couldn't put your finger on it or maybe as is sometimes the case somebody said all the right. Things.

Gave. You. All the. Right.

Signals and turns out they weren't the upstanding fine ethical person that uh you thought they were true not true right. Today we're going to kind of pull back to curtain a little bit we're going to talk about how these people operate we're going to talk about the line because we need to have one we talk about influence we talk about persuasion we talk about ethics um ethics means different things to different people and. So we have to kind of decide for ourselves where that line is. So that's a little bit about where we're going to go tonight now how many of you uh are are checking in for.

First time. I know. Teresa on. YouTube is checking in for the.

First time jewels from unities. New. York. M.

Helen duun. M. Crystal okay. How many of you are checking in uh let me see where where am.

I going to go with this let's start with the do with with with the uh the basic fundamentals. First. First of all if. Politically.

Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you. I have to watch that because. I think the sensors are now. I think the sensors are now actually listening for me say things like if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offend you as one of their red flags because for some mysterious reason one of my videos that was on this on the channel for like literally almost years suddenly just got banned for no. Reason whatsoever and. I can't no.

Matter how. I change it um they don't seem to like that video. So. I'm.

GNA be careful with that. I'm. G have to edit this out for some reason. I can't monetize or promote this video um you'll know what happened um.

So tonight's webinar is all about defense against the. Dark. Art. So my disclaimer once again if.

Politically. Incorrect language colorful metaphors swearing of the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best time or the best use of your. Next 180 minutes my my my webinars tend to go a bit long because. I really do believe that you deserve the very best.

I have to give and you deserve to come away from a webinar not just with. Oh by my stuff it's. Black. Friday by my stuff it's.

Black. Friday. But an actual set of of skills and tools that you can apply that you can begin to put into work right. Away to do two things really the.

First one is to learn how to flag people who are employing unethical forms of influence or who may not be be what they appear to be the other is that you can actually use the tools of influence to ethically get people to want to do what you want them to do in a way that makes you uh feel good about who you are doesn't cause you to feel slimy or creepy and allows you to actually move through the world feeling good about everything you get right. And that's kind of the story of my life right. Uh. Edie says never heard you use the word boobies in a zoom only in live classes thank you well.

I do use them on. Zoom because you heard me say it at least twice in the. Last 10 minutes right. So that being said um here's how we're going to do this tonight um.

I've got. So much information that. I want to share with you from both sides of the spectrum and and tonight. I want to give you as much actionable content as humanly possible a it's.

Black. Friday you could be out shopping instead you're watching this this webinar and and. So. I want to give you my very best that being said.

I may. I may. I may motherload you right. Um.

L says hi there sweethearts. Brian. Patterson says hi like have you listening excellent. So here's how this is going to go our we divide our webinar into three parts the.

First part of our webinar is what we call the foundations phase the fundamentals phase these are things you absolutely have to know and understand we're going to give you as much information as we can in the time that we have we're going to lay foundations and things that you're going to need in part three of the webinar we go from part one to part two of the webinar we call this the leveling up phase this we're going to show you the programs and the packages and the different ways you have for leveling up the skill sets you've already learned in part one or the skill sets you may already have from other trainings or other life experiences and things of that nature. So uh from there we're going to come we're going to circle back at part three and we're going to build on the foundations we laid in in in part one of the webinar and we're going to we're going to customize the content of tonight's webinar. So that you get the exact information that you actually want to know more about and to that extent we're. GNA we're going to cover some things that.

I cover in every webinar why because they're fundamentals and fundamentals are fundamentals for a reason they're foundations you can't move forward without them if you don't have those foundations and fundamentals you can't really get out of the gate okay. But. Then we're going to customize it and that's where. I say this webinar really isn't about.

Dr. David this webinar is about you it's about you moving through the world writing your own ticket in an ethical and honest way that when you look. In the mirror you feel good about the person staring back at you that allows you to to be more emotionally resilient be be able to tell the good eggs the good eggs from the the not. So good eggs those kinds of things okay.

So that being said um let's talk about some of the things we're going to be talking we're going to be going through tonight if you stay with me till the end of the webinar not only. I'm going to show you the fastest most powerful way to level up all of your persuasion and influence skills. I'm going to teach you how to recognize manipulation in real time before it has a chance to control you or get its focusing you there's different there's what we call one of my martial arts instructors used to say you have two basic three basic approaches to any encounter you have early on time and late. So what does that mean in terms of from.

Mar perspective someone's going to throw a punch at me or someone's going to grab me if. I have a high enough level of awareness and perception. Then. I can see them getting ready to attack and.

I can avoid the fight completely right. I'm early. But sometimes. I don't see it coming right.

Or sometimes. I'm. I they they move to attack me red at the time. I become aware of it and my technique comes up and.

I counter and. I'm on time right. I've. I've.

I've. I've intercepted the. Punch or the grab or whatever it is that's going to attack me. I've caught it.

I'm on time. I'm in time with the attack right. And now we're fighting right. But sometimes sometimes we're late sometimes we're walking along doing our own thing and all of a sudden the knockout games come out of nowhere and now you're staggering right.

You're trying your best to kind of get your equilibrium back we're late my hope my in ention for you by the end of this webinar is to show you ways to at the very worst be on time if not to be early to see these things coming before they have a chance to grab a hold of you or much worse to wreak havoc in your life. I'm curious uh we're going to teach you. I want to teach you a little bit more also about something that is very very important if you're going to learn to protect yourself against unethical influence of any kind and that is emotional res resilience you see one of the things that that people um keep not quite understanding is that if you want to be manipulation proof you need a bunch of you need several things to be in place a you need a high high level of awareness okay. We're going to talk a little bit more about that awareness idea as we move through the webinar right.

But you also need a high level of emotional resilience you got to be tough mentally physically emotionally as tough as you can be right. Now that doesn't mean you need to be the. Next. MMA champion or you need to be able to bench press 200.

PBS or or whatever. But it does mean that you need to have a certain level of ability and and and the ability to take up a a blow mentally physically emotionally or to give one right. And this is something that a lot of people don't really want to hear about we talk about creating safety and having a safe place and um all these things. But the simple truth is is that nobody's coming to save us this is the one thing that.

I learned very very dramatically when. I was going through my systemic training which. I'm going to talk to you about. I'm going to go through my pedigree.

So you guys understand. I'm not just blowing smoke and where a lot of this information actually comes from one of the things that they taught us right. Off the bat they had us wrap our head around go going into any altercation is no. One's coming to save you you have to save yourself.

So if that's true worst case scenario nobody's coming to save you how do you prepare how do you develop the awareness and the percep the perceptual capacity and there's a bunch of things that go into that we're going to talk about a bunch of those tonight how do you build emotional resilience how do you how do you you know what are the practices that you need to have in order for you to take yourself off the menu what are the things that actually um erode your emotional resistance your emotional toughness and how can you start to remove those things from your life. So that you you start becoming just automatically stronger does this make sense what. I'm getting at if you're with me. So far type type.

I'm with you in the chat just. So. I understand cool. Jax is with you cool excellent excellent excellent good all right.

And. Then the final thing. I want to talk about is maybe this is the core of it all. But maybe not and that is how do you define your boundaries what's your.

Line in the. Sand what's your you know how do you align the decisions you're being asked to make the choices you're being asked to to to give that are in a alignment with your own sense of what is right. And wrong for you. I just finished a mega retreat with uh my highle uh.

Elite students um and we we went we and they're actually working now on becoming uh golden path facilitators now for those of you aren't familiar with golden path golden path is an advanced approach or an advanced application of. Chinese face reading and face reading for. Fun and. Profit which we're going to talk a little about in this class where you learn how to look.

At somebody and extract their life mission their innate talents and abilities and skills and put all these things together into a profile that allows you to help a person chart the life direction that is going to be most self-actualizing and fulfilling to them there's a little bit of a spiritual side to it there's a little bit of an energetic and behavioral and emotional side to it there's a whole lot of what we call. Jing training which is all about your potentials and your talents and skills and abilities from the time you were born born all the way up to now and the reason that. I bring that up isn't because. I want to sell you a face reading class although we do have one coming up in.

December if you're interested in anything. I just said you might want to take a look. At at jumping in on that class. However one of the most important things about.

Ming or golden path is exactly the same thing we're going to talk about in this training tonight and that is your own personal sense of right. And wrong what are your values and your emotional needs and how do you know when those needs are being met or when they're being violated and especially if you're someone who's or if you've ever encountered any of these high level persuasion. Predators out there how do you know when somebody's using your very own values against you right. So there's three things that we need to start focusing on to become more manipulation proof the.

First is how do you recognize manipulation for what it is right. Are you going to be aware are you going to be on time are you going to be are you going to be early are you going to be late how do you build that emotional toughness. So no. One can push your buttons ever again now if you've ever been to our killer influence training you know that there's no.

Other trainer on the planet that devotes more time to how to make you basically bulletproof emotionally than we do in killer influence okay. Um and. Then. Finally how do we align with our core value vales and how do we know when our values are being met how do we know when they're being violated and how do we know when somebody's attempting to use our values against us does that make sense if you stay with me until the end of tonight's webinar.

I promise you. I'm going to give you master keys for moving you moving the needle forward in your life for that ref would that make a change would that make a difference in anybody's life this is by the way. I'm this is your. First time with me.

I'm a teacher who thrives on feedback. So the more interactive you are with me uh that the risk of pulling me into different rabbit holes and stuff like that um the better off we are now here's the upside of this there's lots of upsides. But here's the best part not only am. I going to share those things with you.

I'm also going to show you some of the most powerful irresistible ethical and honest ways to influence any human being to do to want to do what you want them to do without ever having to lie cheat steal manipulate exaggerate uh or confabulate in any way shape or form would that be helpful if you could just move through the world making everyone you meet want to do what you want them to do and have them feeling absolutely good about having encountered you would that be would that be desirable that's on the menu too. So um. So to. So that being said uh if this is the scope of everything that there is to talk about right.

Even if. I just skimmed over a lot of it right. We've got time for this. So my promise to you right.

My promise is that. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit. Hole as humanly possible and.

I'll point you in the direction of where to go to level those skills up if that's something that is important to you is that a fair trade you believe that's a fair trade. Ty that's fair. I'll do that perfect you guys are great thank you. So much for that that being said.

I really want to thank you guys for for coming out. I didn't expect to have as many people as we've got because of it being. Black. Friday and all.

But without any further. Ado let's jump into the. Dr. David dog and pony show as.

I like to call it. So let me go into my. PowerPoint just uh for for a few minutes here. So.

First and foremost. I am in fact an actual doctor. I uh graduated from my my. First medical school in uh 2005 from the uh.

Southern. California. University of. Health.

Sciences. I. Then went on to get my doctorate in acupuncture in. Chinese medicine from.

Pacific. College of orona. Medicine you can see my diploma right. Here.

I just completed a. Second doctorate in. Dallas. Chinese energetic medicine which we'll talk about very shortly uh you may have seen some emails that.

I sent out um in 2020. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the. Year by global gurus. org.

I've been the top two. NLP trainer in the world for the. Last at least six years probably closer to eight years and the best part is that the content that you're going to learn tonight is derived from something even cooler it this is a letter from. Global gurus and.

I have several of these. I just use this one as an example this says. Dr. David it is with great pleasure to announce that your training program killer influence has been chosen by global peers and ranked as the number one best program in the world for.

NLP and you can see that here if if you click that link you go to a page looks kind of like this now what's really cool is this says 2020. But we have been the number one. NLP training program in the world 2021 2022 and 2023 with your vote we're going to make killer influence the number one. NLP program in the world again uh for 2024 and 25 now the best part is the killer influence program defense against the dark arts the exact content we're going to be talking about tonight was also named the number one.

NLP training program for the. Last two years. So these are both derivatives or a killer influence program um just you know where a lot of this is coming from some of you know my history some of you don't. But it's important to know where.

I'm coming from. I. I've authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence personality profiling uh human influence techniques uh he. Hypno.

Hypnosis energy healing vibrational influence remote influence. I've done a lot guys um and you can find those courses on our website. I also have a. I've been a lifelong martial artist.

So a lot of this content that. I'm sharing with you tonight is actually really really close to my heart because. I've always been in my heart uh a self-defense teacher. I've always believed in being able to protect oneself.

But also in moving through the world uh being a protector of others as opposed to a predator of others. So. I have a 10th degree black belt in called. Ruku.

Kempo. Karate a fourth degree black belt in. Shaolin kunau a. Second degree black belt in.

Koso koru a. First degree black belt in fuu. J ju-jitsu. I'm also a certified instructor in combat.

Systema. Cino. Mono. Esrea and mon.

Nares and as. I like to say. I have more energy healing credentials. Then.

McDonald sells hamburgers. I've been a raiki master and teacher since before raiki was school. I've been studying cabala since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala.

So. I'm very much a primadonna. I have advanced chronic healing certificate and certification and chronic. Psychotherapy from.

The. Chronic healing. Association. Dr.

Master. Chui and master. Steven. Co um.

I'm certified in the. DNA. Theta healing and manifestation techniques. Bankston energy healing and.

I just finished my. Second doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is basically. Chinese medical.

Shamanism uh as applied to cancer multiple sclerosis and all types of different energetic psychology and things of that nature. So it's really cool now when people see all these things and we look. At the content of tonight's webinar people like what what the heck does all this have to do uh with defending yourself against the dark. Hearts well actually it's not that much of a leak to see.

But what all these things have in common is the exact same thing that we're going to start we're going to start your training with and that is pattern recognition and the ability to control your state and remember that the beginning of the webinar. I said you need emotional resiliency and that is. State control the ability not just to become bulletproof. But how do you recover how do you get back to emotional equilibrium after somebody's knocked you off your game right.

How many of you have ever. James. Barwick says and a very snappy dresser why thank you. James.

I appreciate that right. Um. But this this is one of the most important things you're not always going to see it coming you're not always going to have the choice about whether to get emotional or not at. Le at least not right.

Away until you've developed your awareness to the point where you become. So unreactable or reactant um a lot of what your emotional resilience training is going to be in be covering is how do you recover how do you get your emotional state back under control. So that you can function effectively in those moments of high stress and high arousal and we talk about high stress and high arousal that can be positive or negative right. So we'll talk about that a little bit right.

The other is pattern recognition the beautiful thing about all of us is that we're all as. I like to say we're all uh precious little snowflakes we're all different. But not that much the truth of the matter is we as human beings regardless of your gender regardless of your race regardless of what geography you're from we're all more alike than we are different and because of that when we start looking at the patterns that human beings engage in it's very easy if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear what patterns of dysfunction look.

Like patterns of antisocial. Tendencies look. Like and that's one of the things that that we're going to talk a bit about um in tonight's webinar right. If.

I have a chance we'll talk about sociopaths we'll talk about narcissists we'll talk about um what we call machiavellians and and of the dreaded pych psychopathy and dark. Triads which we'll talk about as well um. So what does all this have to do with influence persuasion and psychological self-defense well as you can probably figure. PR oops pretty much everything right.

So that being said we all know um. Annabelle says just overcame one today right. On. So here's my question for you how many of you would like to be obviously uh just by a show of hands how many of you have ever encountered manipulation how many of you have ever been manipulated let's make it even more basic how many you been lied to how many you have ever been betrayed how many have ever been cheated cheated on right.

If you've answered yes. To at least two of these. Then welcome to the club you're all human right. But wouldn't it be nice to kind of turn the tables on these people wouldn't it be nice to be able to just spot them before they have a chance to get their their claw in you right.

But would it also be just as nice to be able to move through the world having everybody like you to trust you to believe in you to follow your lead wherever you go what would that mean if if you never heard the word no. Again how would that change your life think about it for a moment what if you had the ability to literally speak a few key words at some somebody and they go into this profound pleasure. State and focus where they all they can hear is what you're saying and they're they're hearing what you're saying in exactly the way they've always wanted to hear it. Betty says a little boring and a loss of a challenge.

I'll take that bet you may be you may discover no. Backstabbing prer. Powers good for good all right. Good good because that's what today is about right.

We're going to show you how to move through the world being charismatic to get everything you want helping everybody else get what they want to move from a place of lack and fear and um trepidation to a place of possibility and acceptance and and moving through the world with a really open heart okay. We're gonna okay. So let's go ahead and go back to my webinar okay. So if you stay with me today in addition to the things.

I showed you we're going to teach you how to avoid we're also going to teach you some of the most the fastest most powerful and ethical ways to influence anyone anytime to like love trust and. Obey you we're going to teach you how to people hanging on your every word how to salivate have them salivating to do what you want them to do control emotions remove resistance and give the exact steps you need to go from interesting information to. Lasting transformation. So let's start with the.

First one. I teased you a little bit right. I told you what if there was a few magic words that you could say that would cause people to just in a nice way go into a trance like they would just be. So focused on you listening and hanging on every word that you said that you could just command attention everywhere you went would that be useful this means yes.

This means no. Okay. Good. So we're going to start with two things right.

Off the bat the most important driver of human behavior and how to hack it. So here's the most important driver of human behavior write this down if you've heard it before you're going to hear it again if you haven't heard it before this is what you need to embody and embrace and understand everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of back in. May. I taught a pardon me.

I taught a course called. NLP. Ultra it was the most advanced persuasion program. I have ever taught we taught stuff that is pure.

Black. Ops material. So that you would know how to protect yourself against it okay. But here's one of the things that we we basically made everything all the different.

NLP this and that nomenclature and all the confusing stuff from the behavioral sciences world we distilled down into a very very simple understanding everything is feeling driven and. Fe and the feelings that the that are driving people are either moving them towards more more more of the feelings they want or away from the feelings they don't want. So you have feelings towards and away from that's your driver are you guys with me. So far the people who are going to move through the world seeking to manipulate you that's how they're going to do it they're going to generate feelings in you that move you towards the things that you want or at least you believe you want and they're going to stimulate the things that make you feel bad if you're not moving in the direction they want you to move they're going to bounce you between towards and away from now lest you think this is something only predatory people do everyone's doing this everyone operates the same way the difference is a predator is going to do it he's going to look.

For a very specific psychoemotional type and he's going to. Target that we're going we're going to talk in part three we'll probably talk about victimology how do these people sort for their victims right. And how do you take yourself off the menu. But one of the things that has to be in place is you have to have the awareness of who you are and what you believe in and how you know what's right.

And wrong because one of the ways that people will start to get you to fudge your values is they'll change the the rules that you use to satisfy them okay. So person sets up an agenda they're going to love how many of you ever heard the term love bombing okay. When you're they're moving you in the they're going to get you hooked on good feelings right. And they're going to present you with a set of behaviors and a set of rules and a set of cultural norms or things they want you to do and as long as you keep doing them you're going to get the love you're going to get the the good feelings you're going to get all those positive things.

But all the while that person who's giving you all those good feelings is going to be profiling you they're going to be looking for the places. You're neurotically vulnerable let me say that neuro everybody every normally socialized human being on the planet is is relatively normally socialized they have a a decent level of neuroticism. But people who are hyp sensitive are overly self-conscious who are higher on that neuroticism scale they're going to be easier to manip because they were going to have they're going to have a stronger reaction to the negative stimuli they will go up and over their way out of their way to make those feelings go dissolve does that make sense. So everything that we're talking about is about this idea of feelings towards and away from now some people are going to move through the world orienting on the things they want and moving away from the things they don't want other people are are going to be oriented on moving away from the things that they don't like and towards the things they do like this is a very basic.

NLP is understanding. But it's important for you to understand it because everything that is going to press your buttons is going to fall into one of those two categories and what you need to do is you need to have a strong enough sense of self and a awareness and perception to know who you are what you believe in and where your lines are and you have to have the emotional resilience to say no. In spite of mounting levels of negative reinforcement are you guys with me. So far this me is this useful okay.

So let's talk about how we we can ethically begin to generate feelings in people ethically and honestly that is actually the way they're geared to want to be communicated with. So out in the world the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth we call this the echo technique now this particular approach to communication has been verified validated and documented in from multiple disciplines in multiple times and multiple geographies okay. The echo technique is simply very is very very simple to use the exact words a person uses that just came out of their mouth as you respond to them. So if someone says to me hey.

David. I'm glad. So good to see you. I'm glad.

I'm glad. I got to. Finally meet you hey man it's good to see you too. I'm glad.

I. Finally got to meet you right. It was literally that quick now what happens on a neurological level when you start using this particular process is those words have certain neurological associations connected to certain emotional memories. Lee says it's a type of mirroring yes.

But it's a verbal mirroring and it's the most accessible it's the most useful and it's the most universal now why is this true for us. I want you to think about this. I. I don't want to get too heavy on on jargon and and and the the theory and the science behind this.

But this is the best metaphor that. I have for you guys. I want you to think of the words that come out of a person's mouth like they are a key a key that has been ground and filed and shaped to pass through every lock that a person has at different levels of their emotional uh memory and experience and things of that nature that make sense if you think about something that's passed through filter after filter after filter what comes out on the other end is something that will easily go back through all those filters and that's exactly what words do for us when somebody speaks to you there are layer upon layer upon layer of emotional meaning memories values needs brain sequences that are connected to that sequence of words when you give a person their very own words back you refire and retrigger all of that neurology all of that biology all of that chemistry all of those memories and neurological associations they get fired and wired together as they're looking at you and. So what happens is you send a very very powerful signal of sameness to the person who's just spoken to you and what happens is human beings are moving through the world sorting people into same.

IND different same and different same indiff same indiff same different they gravitate towards the things that are the most like them inside okay. We call this the identification principle when someone finds somebody that resonates with them wholly and completely they. Orient on that person to the exclusion of everything else how many people here have ever heard of something called an. O.

Loop an. UDA. Loop go ahead type it in if you know what that is if not. I'm going to explain it to you in a minute okay.

This is something for those of you who are interested in defending yourself against the dark arts or physical martial arts for that matter an. OA. Loop o. OA stands for observe.

Orient decide act. So when we're in the observation mode of the. O daa loop we're just cruising through the world like a sonar we're just we're just scanning. Then something pings our our own personal social radar our own personal emotional radar our our own personal ideological or values radar and we.

Rec something pings us and all of a sudden all of our awareness goes and we focus on that to the exclusion of everything else and we start analyzing it more we start making decisions yes. Like me not like me like me not like me not like me not and we the more. B as we check the more sameness we see the more comfortable we feel how many people would like to move through the world making not not only being comfortable in your own skin. But having everyone you meet feel comfortable and open and willing to to interact with you would that be a useful thing yes.

Right. This is the fast track for doing that now do you need to know all the. Neuroscience for this to happen no. You just need to understand that the word the the most powerful words any human being can hear at any given moment are the words that just came out of their mouth okay.

Now once you understand that what we're going to do is we're gonna we're going to use that we're going to build on that we're gonna we're. GNA deliver our conversation we're going to deliver our messages from within that structure right. So when you do this with somebody hey you're going to say you're going to. Signal very very powerful messages of sess with that person you're going to trigger them to want to speak more how many people here um two questions how many people here have used this.

Echo technique out in the real world type type me in the chat if you've used this before if you if this is your. First time and you haven't used it type uh never used it in the chat perfect now what are for those of you who've used this technique when you deploy this technique what happen while they're typing in the chat. I'm going to tell you what happened a you got you you monopolized a person's attention you may notice they started talking more and more the conversation flows better right. You'll find when people naturally fall into.

Rapport they automatically do this a little bit. But if you intentionally do it a it signals samess to that person you'll see the barriers to intimacy start to drop they'll. Orient on you. So they'll stop focusing on anything else and.

Then what'll happen is um they'll start self-disclosing they'll start telling you more you'll see their pupils dilate you'll see their blink ratees slow down you'll see more more unconscious head nods why because they're getting the messages they're sending out coming back they're feeling validation because of this communication and validation my friends is one of the single most important feelings a human being can experience it's the one that we're going we all say we want be loved we all want to be connect feel comfort and connection along with that goes the sense of being accepted approved of understood heard seen we call those things validation and. So when a person gets their own words back to them they go into validation seeking mode and when you continue to feed them their very own words back they go deeper and deeper and deeper into connection why because this is exactly the way human beings have evolved to want to be communicated with it sounds completely weird to say that. But when you use the echo technique the way. I'm sharing it with you people will naturally hang on your every word they will self-disclose more and more and more information to you.

So that you can create a better. Pro profile of that person the more of the more robust a profile of that person you create the more accurate that profile is the more you can start to predict their behaviors in certain situations and because you're establishing a very powerful open. Baseline we're going to talk about that in a minute anytime they deviate from that. Baseline it will flag itself okay.

So let's talk about um this this idea for a moment we're using the echo technique a is a bridge to communication a bridge to deeper. Rapport a bridge to validation seeking. Behavior a bridge to priming people to give you more information. Angel says and.

Then you can't shut them up yes. And that for a profiler which is what this class is by the way this class is teaching you how to profile how to look. At a human being's. Behavior the patterns of thought the patterns of of physical activity posture breathing the patterns of words coming out of their mouth and use those and put them together to create a prediction of who they are and what they're going to do whether they're whether they're ma everything's matching up or whether it isn't does that make sense type if you're with me.

So far type it in the chat okay. So again the echo technique to me now. I did not. I.

I. I named it the echo technique. But. I certainly did not invent this idea uh.

I learned this back in the early 90s uh from one of my mentors. Kenrick. Cleveland. I named it the echo technique.

But many other uh well-known influenc professionals have discovered something this this this principle which we call the identification principle by the way um. David. Grove and his studies on clean language came across this same idea uh. Alexander.

Penland from the. University of. Stanford in his studies of honest signals and non-verbal communication found out that mimicry equals enhanced influence uh. Chris.

Voss most of you have heard of. Chris. Voss the the author of never split the difference and his tactical empathy and tactical mirroring techniques is all about using a person's very own words okay. So this is something that is not and um um.

Wendy. Patrick in her book. Red flags which we'll talk about um talks about the identification principle we call the identification principle. So this principle that people sort for themselves okay.

Is what the identification principle is about now it's not politically correct it shouldn't be this way. But it is and if you're not willing to accept the way the world is you're not going to have the ability to make it what you want and if you try it you're going to work work a lot harder than you need to okay. So. I want you to understand that the way we hack this identification principle in an ethical honest way is by using a person's very own words and working from within those words to mind for more information.

So that we can make better decisions. So what are we actually looking for when we start mining them for information how do we know if someone's being truthful or not well the. First thing that has to happen is we have to study a little bit about uh body language one of the things that was not in my bio uh which. I.

I'm going to share with you now uh. First and foremost uh. I had. I've had a fascination with body language and behavior ever since.

I was this. High. I was uh some of you know this some of you don't. I was the classic bullied kid.

I was uh. I grew up uh the abused the the son of an abused child. I wouldn't necessarily. I was abused although in retrospect a lot of the things that.

I went through uh would might be considered abusive. But my father did the best he could with the upbringing that he had and he was definitely um came from a family of abuse which we won't talk about. But. I have those scars.

I have that generational trauma plus. I had a very sensitive nervous system growing up. I was bigger around than. I was tall.

I didn't understand human social interaction right. I actually had a petition to graduate from my high school early because. I was trying to dodge the bullies waiting for me at the bus stop okay. This is again um things.

I. I don't normally talk about. But it's true right. I.

I this is very important stuff to me and. So. I became. I became very very driven to figure people out.

So when. I went through my undergraduate education. I. I was on a.

I was on a criminal justice track. I grew up watching. Quincy and py you know behavioral profilers and stuff like that and. I was.

I was there man. I was in my undergrad. I had the the criminal justice track and. I had the.

Premed track right. And. I took. I.

I actually trained in kinesic interview and interrogation uh in high school and. I. AC the class right. I loved it when.

I looked at the uh the stress level and the income level of the average police officer. I promptly chose. Healthcare right. But.

I never lost my love for this this understanding obviously the. NLP the hypnosis all these other things also. I was one of the very. First people to achieve a master in behavioral and.

Engineering in behavioral influence from. Chase. Us's. ABR applied.

Behavior research. Labs back in 2019 right. I've been doing that stuff and and. So.

I this is this is my wheelhouse. So to speak um and. So one of the things that that. I.

I. I. I really really love is this idea of understanding con the principle of kinesic interview and interrogation and that's that's where if we're going to evaluate body language we have to be able to have a high degree of certainty and confidence in what we're doing the echo technique is going to figure very very prominently in that. But let me give you some of the thing other things that we need.

First. First of all there's uh something we call baselines in order to determine if someone is who they say they are or if someone is potentially deceptive right. Remember. I said we're.

GNA talk about how to recognized manipulation we have to know when they are what they're saying is not in alignment with what they're doing when the facts and the expression don't line up right. So we call this a baseline one of the reasons. I love the echo technique one of the reasons aside from everything else. I've told is that the more you use the echo technique with another human being the more comfortable with you they become the deeper into.

Rapport they fall now why as a behavioral profiler why might that be useful this is the interactive portion answer that for me why might that be useful. JT says. I've been checking out your work for years yep to protect me okay. All right.

But let's. Annabella let's dig a little bit deeper now though to protect me how how specifically um is this going to protect me all right. Nan says to get them to reveal more absolutely. But here's the problem here and again you're not wrong.

But it's not the answer. I'm looking for to get information about the inant yes. Emotionally um okay. So.

I'm glad you're engaged and that's great. So here's the thing in order to evaluate deviant now what do. I mean by deviants. I don't mean somebody who's you know likes animals or weird things like that from.

LA or or whatever part of the where you're from. I'm talking about change from what they normally do we call this a baseline right. What do they normally do what are they normally like and when do they deviate from what's normal for them when do they de when do they go from being very relaxed to a little stressed when do they go from being super relaxed to being super stressed and can. I can.

I can. I perceive that difference can. I perceive it right. How many of you heard of something called micro.

Expressions okay. So micro expressions are little tiny facial movements or or micr muscular movement m in the face that happen when a person is experiencing an emotion that they're trying to conceal right. Uh if you ever watched the show. Lie to.

Me great show. First couple seasons are awesome. Last show. Last season had a little bit of problems because the the writers of the show were trying to take licenses with some of the.

Paul amman's work who by the way is the leading. Authority on face reading on on facial cues and deception right. Cuda says. I'm watching from.

England hey hey right. All right. So when. I start using the echo technique with somebody and.

I'm doing it well they're going to start becoming much more attentive they're going to become more comfortable they're going to go into positive neurological arousal and connection with me when that happens their defenses their psychological and emotional defenses start to turn off they start to turn off and you start to see more and more of who this person really is now if you were to ask a question that strikes them or makes them nervous or anxious you will see a radical shift in their micro. Expressions you will see a radical shift in their blink rate you will see a radical shift in their pupil dilation you will see a radical change in their facial coloration they will all change within a within a. Second or two of that question being being asked and if you're paying attention and you've created you've created that. Baseline when that happens when that deviates from the.

Baseline you'll see it you'll hear it and you'll know oh something just changed inside their inside their mind and body something just shifted and you can almost guarantee depending on what happens. Next that that shift is going to be a body feeling and it's going to be towards something or away from something are you with me. So far if you're with me this is the this is the pop quiz portion type in the principles and what we're doing here with the echo technique everything human beings do is in response to a that feeling is either going to be towards or away from the echo technique is going to generate positive relaxing feelings that's going to resolve their defenses which is going to move their. Baseline further and further towards relaxation and comfort as well as interest from that point on you now have this is what they're like when they're attentive and they're relaxed and they're comfortable.

So that anytime you say or do something that moves them out of comfort the. Deviant will flag does that make sense. So. Gerald says you repeating the words someone just said to you in order to increase neurological arousal you are increasing their neurological arousal.

But you're increasing it in what we call a. ESS kind of a way in other words they're experiencing positive stress. So you'll get different body language indicators um and. Then what will happen is they become more more um as their defenses go down and they become more open you'll see a lot more body language indicators of relaxation and comfort and that's what we want okay.

So. LS is asking are there any types of people that this does not work on very very few very very few they're they're on the extreme ends of the. SP. I would say that people who are high on the sociopathic uh.

Spectrum. Psychopathic. Spectrum you may get paradoxical uh paradoxical. Expressions.

But they'll flag in different ways that's not what this course is about this course is about what the vast majority of people do. So that you can get that out of the way and. Then focus on the really deviant ones right. Lee says ding ding ding okay.

Thank you just asking yeah um there are there are certain there are certain psychological types that will not flag uh for certain types of motion they'll be good at mimicking them which is what you got to watch out for right. We haven't talked about sociopathy yet or or psychopathy um. But what you'll not. But one of the words.

I guesss the let's talk about the nword for a minute and when. I say the n-word what. I'm saying what the word. I'm talking about is called narcissist remember that the human nervous system is inherently narcissistic it's just a question of degree.

So when we start talking about narcissists we use the term narciss we tend to use the term narcissists as a catchall phrase for anybody that does something we don't like right. We have to be very careful about that every human being has a nervous system that is inherently selfish okay. People always do things that are in their own best interest and that's. Modified by their values and what's socially acceptable this technique will work on even the most extreme cases of narcissism not necessarily sociopathy or psychopathy although those two traits tend to go together and the reason.

I say that is is because everybody's favorite topic is always themselves manipulating narcissists is actually and turning the tables on them is actually quite easy. Once you understand and their psychology right. This will get you in the door this will allow you to open up any narcissist you you you encounter and begin to profile them. So you know how to navigate that relationship and that interaction right.

And this is why. I'm spending a lot of time on this basic idea that everything human beings do including people on on the narcissistic. Spectrum are moving towards and away from things feelings feelings nothing more than feelings right. They're going to move towards the things they want and away from the things they don't want if you can engineer that communication.

So they get that perception of moving towards this gets them what they want they will do what you want very very enthusiastically and the the universe is also true if you can get them to experience enough pain from doing something you don't want them to do they will move away from that they're they're very predictable that way and the nice thing about narcissistic psychology is it's very cut and dry it's all about them to a to such a degree that it's almost it's almost not fair if you understand this process okay. Sociopath sociopathy and psychopathy and melanism start getting entered and factored into the interaction um now you have you have to be a have a little bit more on the ball does that make sense sense okay. So has this been useful. So far this means yes.

Okay. So remember in order to calculate deviant in other words when they do something different you have to know what they do normally the fastest way to get somebody into a very very um quantifiable. Baseline is to make them feel as comfortable as humanly possible as engaged as humanly possible the fastest way to do that is by using the echo technique their very own words you don't have to copy their posture you don't have to match their breathing you don't have to. Blink at the same rate that they do although those things can work the fastest most powerful way to get someone to synchronize with you is through their words it's the fastest it's the most controllable it's the most measurable and it's something that you can always come back to when things go south if you ever say something wrong or you're going in a the conversation starts to go in a different direction you can take those words and redirect them okay.

But it's going to create for you a situation with this individual that allows you to profile and observe them as they change and the byproduct of that is that they're going to become progressively more connected and trusting and and liking of you the longer they talk in fact you don't have to say a whole lot the longer they talk the more attractive to you they get that's another one of the pleasant side effects of this particular interaction or this particular technique is that the longer they talk the more connected to you they become and one of the reasons for that aside from everything else. I just talked about. Lee says you can't get rid of them that's true that's why you have to always be testing profiling you have to always be making sure that the person you're dealing with is actually emotionally stable and somewhat sane okay. All right.

So that being said questions about the echo technique and why we're using it. Jack says no. Anybody else okay. Let me see here really quick all right.

Lee says love it ready says pretty clear okay. So do we understand a everything human beings do is in response to a feeling a feeling they either want more of or a feeling they want a whole lot less of we know that those feelings are going to come and fall into two basic spectrums towards and away from. Jim is asking how does this tie into three magic questions three magic questions is the. Next phase of applying the echo technique for profiling purposes.

So echo three magic questions which if you want we can cover that a little bit uh in part three of the webinar if that's something you got if that's the direction you guys want to go or we can talk about um indicators of deception or we can talk about resistance removal or we can talk about victimology or we can talk about all of this is from our defense against the dark arts training program obviously. I can't. I don't have time to teach you everything. But.

I can drill down into one of those areas and give you some really powerful information. So. I want you guys to think about what. I just said as.

I'm talking about this. So you can decide where you want to go do you guys want to look. At victimology how how do these. Predators serve for victims um do you want to look.

At the the top 15 lie detection cues that people give do you want to look. At the three magic questions which is a profiler wet dream. P pardon my. French um uh you want to learn what the resistance removal would be okay.

It's really up to you how can you tell when someone uses the echo technique to manipulate you one of the. First things that's going to happen is they're going to probably have a disconnect very very very often they're going to have a disconnect between the the the body language and the tonality that they're experiencing versus the words coming out of their mouth now let me let me explain that a little bit because that was a really good question uh who who asked that question um on. SEC um. I just saw a qu okay.

Um. NK. NR says how can you tell when someone uses the. E technique to manipulate you the way you tell and again if the person has a method acting background this gets even harder.

But here's how you tell if somebody comes at you and they use your words. But they feel false they feel they don't there there's something off about them that's huge an indication that the person is not feeling comfortable with what they're saying or in some way they don't believe what they're saying. So let me explain how to use this ethically. First.

So you never get caught and. Then you'll understand the unethical flagging part of it there's two ways that you can view this. Echo technique okay. The.

First one is the one that manipulators will use for will come from that's where you come from with the technique that. Flags you a lot of times you can think of the echo technique as a technique a way for me to get somebody to fall into. Rapport. So that they open up with me.

So that. I can get their information. So that. I can manipulate them in the way.

I want that's a very trans actional very cold manipulative approach. Then there's the other way that. I'm encouraging you to use this and that is this the echo technique is neurologically speaking the most desirable way for one human being to be communicated with by another human being don't believe what. I say you don't have to believe anything.

I'm telling you go test it. But if you view it as a technique it'll ring false to you. But if you understand that when you operate from this sincere desire to know understand connect and communicate with this person and you're coming from that place. Then everything you say will be in alignment because the body feelings that you're moving through the world in will be sincere and true and strong when your body when your body feelings are correct your posture and your breathing are automatically correct when your posture and your breathing are automatically correct your tonality.

Tempo and volume are automatically correct and. Then when the words and the nonverbals that. Express them match up you have this massive in uh influx of positive um what's the word of what's what did the psychologist call it um positive self-regard or. Anyway the person is flooded with all of these good feelings and.

So are you and. So you fall into this deep rapport with this person now how many of you are familiar how many of you are familiar with something called pickup and seduction or the pickup and seduction. Community any of you you heard of it before okay. How many of you have ever heard of the term peacocking he.

Lee says yes. Nan says yes. So what is peacocking peacocking like the theory behind peacocking and it's based on this idea of the male peacock and the female. PE the pen right.

The peen is very plain very. Brown just very black compared to the male who's all up in your up in your grill they have all these fancy plumages and feathers and hey look. At me kind of stuff right. Well the idea was derived from watching animals and translated into the pickup and seduction community and the idea was that if you dressed in a way that called attention to yourself that set you apart from the pack that the members of the opposite sex would self select you for their attention and many people for many many years would go buy these outrageous fur covered top hats they were.

Aviator goggles a lot of them are using steampunk clothing now. But the problem with the idea of peacocking is this if you do not have a sense of self or a sense of identity that is big enough to support the clothing if your self-image is too small for the clothes you're wearing. Then you no. Longer wear the clothes the clothes wear you and you look.

And you act out of place you become in congruent the package doesn't match the vibe doesn't match the energy doesn't match the words right. The exact on a very similar process happens when someone is using the echo technique in an incongruent insincere way they will come across many times as something's not right. Or they'll often be perceived as almost mocking or stilted in how they use the words and that's what will flag people who are have more of a social um social seduction type of an agenda and as you work with this more and more and more and you start to embody that feeling of desire to know and connect and understand you'll start to flag people who use it inconsistently it'll be become very very obvious to you when people are not using it from the right. Energy right.

Okay. Does that help. I know people are saying. I get it.

But that's kind of how we look. At this. But. I want you to understand if you embrace the echo technique and everything that that deres from it as the most desirable ethical and honest empowering way to communicate with any human being that when you do this with somebody you're actually giving them a gift.

Then you're actually the when you don't use it. I mean think about it for a moment if you knew the exact way to communicate with somebody in the way that made them feel the very best way humanly possible about themselves and you that they felt totally heard and understood approved of validated believed belied seen whatever word you assigned to that if you knew exactly how to do that for another human being and you chose not to who's the jerk now because that's what. I've just given you. But the beautiful thing is it's a tool.

But. I want you to adopt this as sop for you. I want it to become part of the way that you move through the world it's going to change everything now for those remember this is a defense against the dark arts webinar and. I've been spending a lot of time talking about the echo technique which.

I talk about in every influence webinar. But for very different reasons it gives you an advantage an ethical. Advantage. But an advantage now here's why in part three of this webinar if we talked about three magic questions which is an extension an expansion on uh.

Echo technique as people fall deeper and deeper and deeper into connection into. Rapport as they feel more and more approved of and understood it becomes progressively harder and harder and harder to lie and receive let me say that again as you continue to use this process and they go deeper and deeper into connection and validation and openness and focus it becomes progressively harder and harder and harder for them to lie and deceive in fact what will often happen is they will disclose things that they had no. Intention of telling you that they never thought they would tell another human being and that's the information that you as a profiler are going to be collecting. So that you can use it because they feel they can trust you and.

So much more. Melissa. But that's the point because isn't the idea of. Defending yourself against the dark arts to be early to become aware of who and what somebody is and what they're most likely to do before they have a chance to wreak havoc and attack that's what this does for you now does that make sense now here's yes.

But we don't want them hanging around and that's a great question because they're gonna hang around aren't they you do this with any human being they're gonna they're going to look. For excuses to spend as much time with you as humanly possible true or not true it is scary. But that's the world we live in right. Until you figure out how to sort people into that's my tribe and that ain't and all everybody in between that's the world you live in.

I'm giving you the tools for doing that. But you have to start with the foundations the fundamentals this is a fundamental you have to have feelings towards and away from. Baseline deviance from the. Baseline how do you get there.

Echo technique make sense okay. The. Next part once you have that basic idea we'll talk about the. Next part of.

Behavioral. Pro which is clustering. Annabelle says can we do this technique with writing yes. As long as you have if you're responding to somebody's correspondence or if you're a marketer and you have a really good understanding of the language of the market.

Then you can use the same idea is psychopathy the only one this doesn't work on. I'm not going to say that it doesn't work on. Psychopathic people. I'm saying it's got a higher probability of you have a higher probability of something else happening because um people who with high degrees of psychopathy especially they're well organized extraordinarily smart and perceptive yes.

The echo technique guys the echo technique. Works in any medium where language human language is involved okay. Does hypnotic. Lang just hypnotic language or does e prime or does prime effect.

I. I don't understand the question. JG everything. I've taught you.

So far has nothing to do with hypnotic language patterns although it is your most one of your most powerful ones how can this be used in. Tex texting well how can it be used in texting is very simple. I just did it right. What did.

I say djan wrote how can this be used in texting. I said wow how can this be used in texting that's a great question it can be used in texting by simply starting every response with pieces of their words and. Then moving into something else and that's how you can use this during texting right. Right.

Again it's it's stupidly. I'm one of the. First people who me it's stupidly formulated right. Now in killer influence in defense against the dark arms we'll show you four or five ways that you can use the echo technique all different kinds of ways in normal conversation and never sound like you're saying the same things over and over again okay.

But it's literally if you go to my early. YouTube videos you'll see me doing this on people in the audience all the time and everybody in the audience catches it. But the person. I'm using it on sarapin media says.

I formed a deep connection with somebody online in another country that seems to be using techniques on me that's raising my intuition let raised my intuition really okay. I'm not sure if there's a question there um. But here's the thing anytime you're something bothers you in your gut follow that follow that okay. So has this been helpful.

So far. I promised you. I would take you as far as. I could in the time that we have and.

Then. I'd show you where to go to level up have. I done that. So far cool is it okay.

If. I share with you uh some opportunities that. I've put together to help you level this skills up this mean yes. Perfect okay.

So. I'm gonna go ahead and switch back to my. PowerPoint all right. So if you're ready to take your life to the.

Next level if you had the ability to profile people to speedread them if you could come away from this webinar with the exact tools that you needed to move your life forward what would those tools be what would that do for you type that in the chat for me right. Now. I'll wait go ahead opportunities perfect help people help me help people beautiful. I love that keep writing folks this is the participatory part better hypnotherapy stanie if you want people to just plow into trance use the echo technique by the way for those of you who are doing any kind of hypnosis work the most important things you can write down during your intake are the exact words that come out of their mouth because those are the the words that they're going to respond to most powerfully in trance in the form of suggestions the echo technique doesn't go away just because somebody's critical faculty is on is on the fence okay.

So for those of you who do any form of trans work meditation copywriting whatever you need to be leveraging this. Echo idea as much as humanly possible. Annabella says would help me be a lot more conscious of what people can do absolutely. So thinking about that if you were to come away with the actability as a byproduct of tonight's training byproduct of tonight's webinar to do all those things would that be worth your time and energy would that be something you want more of yes.

Or yes. As trer would say. I could to teach you how to completely manipulation proof your life would that be helpful all right. And without further.

Ado let's talk about what. I put together for you with your permission. I'd like to talk about the newest iteration in our secrets of human influence training home study program this is the defense against the dark arts of persuasion and manipulation home study course now the things. I've talked about the things.

I've hinted at these are all taught and various levels of the home study program that we're about to go through with you okay. So this course is about helping you to ethically and honestly make more money close more deals get more dates help more people feel more com blah blah blah all those things we know about here's what it's going to do on an even deeper level it's going to give you the ability to take back your power in life it's going to be give you the ability to flag the people who are going to who are going to do the same things um that other people have done if you've ever been betrayed lied to manipulated cheated uh gaslighted uh future promise we'll talk about those in part um part three of the webinar if you've ever been on the on the negative end of any form of manipulation activity this is going to give you the exact tools you need to take back that power to master your own mind and. Finally to allow you to move through the world being one of the good people one of the good guys for lack of a better one of the heroes to influence people ethically and honestly and have them loving you for having just encountered you and having been given the opportunity to get what they most want by doing what you want that's what we call a win-win in any part of life. So it's all about taking your life to the.

Next level from both sides of that. Spectrum okay. Now everything. I'm going to talk about is good for today.

Black. Friday. November 29th 2024 right. Uh at 11:59 pm. right.

So. I'm on. Pacific. Time.

So do the math right. So here's what you're going to get we're going to start you off with our core influence training program this is the the secrets of human influence killer influence training process this was named the number one. NLP training program of the year since 2020 by global gurus. org you're going to learn how to think like a master of influence they. Master influence master influencers and persuaders think in very very different ways they organize their thoughts and outcomes differently we're going to show you how that works.

So you can apply that to your life we're going to teach you step by step by step how to control your own psycho emotional state. So no. One can push your buttons ever ever again can you guys see me can you guys see my my slide okay. Betty an says she can see it ja must just be it okay.

Now why is this important remember at the beginning of the webinar. I talked about emotional resiliency a lot of us are moving through the world with very with with with big holes in our psychological armor we have hurts and traumas and things that are very very obvious to the manipulators of the world and if you're high if you're really high on the neuroticism. Spectrum you're overly socialized if you have a lot of trauma a lot of baggage those things are actually quite visible through your behaviors your speech patterns to the predators of the world. So part of our training is to get those things healed to help you heal inside and out.

But also it's about giving you the ability to choose what state you want to be in at any given moment at the drop of a hat our definition of. State control or emotional state control is the ability to go into any psycho emotional state at will on demand anytime anywhere under any circumstances and to allow you to recover anytime somebody else throws your emotional equilibrium out of balance you see especially at for beginners who haven't healed all their traumas who haven't gotten past all their hurts and betrayals and all those things when somebody pokes that bear it's going to throw your system into a very highly emotional highly reactive uh very very predictable way of viewing the world and interacting with people manipulators know this. So the secret to winning isn't necessarily um being invulnerable it's about how recoverable you are in other words if you get taken by surprise how fast can you get back your state how back how quickly can you get your mind back under your own control. So you can control everything else that's what state control truly is it's not just about stepping into a state in a seminar room and.

Then and never doing it again it's about giving you the exact sets of skills and drills necessary. So that you can choose who to be at any given moment and when things take you by surprise which they will you can instantly get back on your game and finish that interaction and come out on top over and over and over again if there's a. Jedi skill in. Planet.

David ladies and gentlemen this is it because without it nothing else works okay. This is the most powerful piece it's the thing you'll never see on a. YouTube video it's the thing we keep where we're most proud of we have lots of really powerful skills. But this is the one that takes you off the.

Predator's menu and keeps you off right. We're going to teach you the. Power report skills we have. I released a video recently in our system we have three types of.

Rapport we have classical. Rapport which is what you learn in any. NLP class we have coherence or kinesthetic report which is a a balance of the two hemispheres of the brain combined with um opening your heart and using that to connect with the heart and the brain of another human being it's called coherence if you're familiar with any of heart math. Technologies this will you'll understand what this means it's one of the most powerful and physics driven ways to get a rapport with any human being and pass information back and forth.

It's really really powerful the. Third type of. Rapport is called vibing or activity level and this is the type of vibing the type of. Rapport skills that you must use for attraction and romantic application the other types of.

Rapport may get you attraction. But they not. But a lot of times you'll just get locked into the friend zone or good friend zone or whatever um. But if you have this vibing level down this will start to stimulate massive levels of.

Attraction and. Charisma um between you and another human being we're going to teach you all three levels of this. So you can. Master them and become aware of when they're being used on you and you can choose to use them when it's appropriate for you to use them we're going to teach the seven most powerful hypnotic language patterns ever discovered on top of the echo technique patterns that will allow you to instantly cause somebody to focus only on the things you want them to focus on and ignore everything else patterns that will cause people to automatically start running unconscious processes in their mind that are exactly what you want and describe.

Pro uh language patterns that will cause people to take anything you want and have it cause anything you want in the minds of your listeners and your readers this works in writing just as powerfully as it works in spoken language how to make anything you want mean anything you want in the minds of your readers and your listeners right. How to create powerful three-dimensional imagery in the minds of your subject that they that are. So compelling it's like they're watching a three-dimensional movie in their head and they just love it they go into this deep profound trance where they just believe everything you say and do what you want want now the other side of this guys is that as you learn how to use these patterns as you learn how to feel the effects of these patterns you will also become sensitized to when they're being used on you inappropriately or inelegantly in fact once you ring this. Bell you can't unhear it you'll see these patterns everywhere from your car brochures to political messages to adver.

Ms to the news you'll hear and see them everywhere and you'll understand what's being done to you 24 hours a day seven days a week. So that you now have a choice about how to respond to that influence guys remember something everything that's outside of your awareness is outside of your control my job. First and foremost as your teacher your brother your sister your brother your. Mentor whatever word you apply to to me is to help you become progressively more aware and as.

I because without awareness there is no. Choice anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control. But just because you're not aware of it doesn't mean it isn't influencing you as we expand your awareness and you see the. Matrix as we like to call it you will have more and more.

Choice power and control you will reclaim your mind and your power as we said it at the beginning of this webinar. Then we're going to teach you how to take all of that information and use it to guide and manage the emotional states of other people how to bond people to the exact things you want them to do for you and love you for it how to look. At somebody's. Behavior patterns and use them to make people understand you better to trust you more and to follow your guidance and your leadership in the way that gets you both what you want okay.

We'll talk about emotional bonding we'll talk about how how that works and how other people can use it to influence you to do things you don't want to do in fact we're going to talk a little bit about that in part three of tonight's webinar along with that is going to come a 240 page manual we call this the killer influence mind control. Manifesto this has. TR additional training on social hypnotic operators these are hypnotically programmed triggers that media and government and uh. Educational.

Systems and religious systems have programmed into that many marketers know that will automatically cause you to behave in very predictable consistent ways we call these social hypnotic operators if you're familiar with. Robert chini's uh work on the five ele the five macro elements of persuasion that's what this is we're going to talk about meta programs which are ways that people perceive reality and how you can make your messages more palatable by talking to people through their particular meta programs we'll talk about lie detection 90c person personality profiling we'll talk about the four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence. Authority attractivity affinity and acquiescence these are four major categories of influence tactics and phenomena that if you don't understand them they can be used against you to make you want to do things that are not in your best interest. But if you understand how they work you can begin to combine them in ways that ethically move people in the direction you want them to go and feel absolutely compelled to want to do what you want them to do you have to decide where that ethical line is.

But at least you now have more. Choice as to what side you want to stay on okay. And there's a a community that we'll talk about. So the total value on this is $2,497.

But if you act today we're going to include some very special bonuses and it's. Black. Friday. So.

I want you to stay till the end because. I've got an extra unannounced bonus um that. I think you'll really like. So the.

First thing is we're going to give you the full curriculum the defense against the dark arts uh counter manipulation and hypnotic influence behavioral profiling. Secrets home study course this has the complete system for how to profile narcissists sociopaths um. Psychopaths dark. Triads uh the the 20 30 most powerful live deception indicators that exist between that.

I've learned from uh chase us that. I've learned from. Jason. Hansen both former experts in the defense intelligence agency we'll talk about personality profiling from the what we call the um the hunter program the combat.

Hunter program from the. US military which was all a proactive body language language training designed to give you the best profile before somebody actually had a chance to do something bad we'll talk about the red flag system from blendy. Patrick that gives you the four basic areas when you're looking at somebody's social media when you're trying to figure out if somebody's safe enough to date what do you look. At you look.

At their focus you look. At their lifestyle you look. At their associations you look. At their groups this allows you combined with your your own interpersonal training that we're going to give you the ability to create a profile of who this person is do does what they say in their social media and their focus and their.

Association does that match with the person they're presenting to you these are ways that you're going to be able to begin to create massively powerful profiles we're going to teach you some face reading techniques we'll talk about micro expression training. So you can figure out when people are hiding a a certain. Glee that they're they're pulling off a lie or that they're secretly angry or secretly sad or disgusted by something while they're trying to pretend to put on a happy face we're going to teach you how to give people what we call the most powerful body language approach cue there is and it's called positive eye contact this is three body language cues that when done together signal massive friendship and cause people to lower their defenses and allows you to create that. Baseline we're going to teach you the three magic questions protocol resistance removal protoc call we're going to teach you 11 ways to reframe any verbal attack a narcissist or sociopath might give you we're going to teach you the 21 different ways that narcissists sociopaths and other types of persuasion.

Predators use to reframe and. Gaslight you to avoid being held accountable for the crap that they've been pulling. I'm going to show you what those are we're going to teach you how to role play that. So you understand both sides of that.

Continuum. So you can turn the tables on these people people over and over and over again we'll talk about the the 15 or 16 red flags that come up during normal conversations that let you know that the person you're dealing with across from you may not be who they say they are and or as more of a narcissistic predatory energy to them there's things that they say little turns of phrase little patterns of expression that are consistent from one person in this category to another we're going to teach you what those are and how you can begin to use them to create a a more powerful way of vetting the people in your life we're going to show you the ways that people like that narcissists specifically and people who are on that. Spectrum use when you. Finally managed to extricate yourself from their from their from your life how the.

SE the seven or eight tactics that these people use to try and suck you back in the technical term is called hoovering. I'm going to teach you all that plus review some of the most powerful influence techniques on the planet and. So much more this particular program is the only one of its kind out there uh it's been ranked the number one. NLP course in the world for the.

Last two years we're going to give this to you absolutely free as a byproduct of the package. U that we're giving you tonight for. Black. Friday it's a $1,997 value it's yours for free total combined value on this if you do the math hopefully my math is right.

Is $4,940 we're also going to include. Renegade reframing how to overcome any objection or change any belief or or win any argument in seconds you remember i' said that in in killer influence in defense against the dark arts we're going to show you how to turn the tables on these verbal manipulators this is one of the ways that we're going to help you to do this we're going to take this from just a self-defense program we're going to expand it into any form of change work that you might do. I know there's a bunch of you out here who are hypnotists a bunch of you who are coaches a bunch of you are healers in some way some of you may be mediators or lawyers or doctors this is what this is the way for you anytime you are met with an objection anytime you're met with an argument or a verbal attack or um a negative interpretation of something how you can instantly change the frame 11 different ways just like that and the power of this is when you apply these to your own limiting beliefs those beliefs change. So profoundly you can't go back to thinking about them the same way.

So not only is this a way for you to turn the tables on the bad guys not only is this a way for you to stop hearing no. In your business. World your therapy world and change those beliefs it's also a way for you to build your own sense of self-worth self-esteem to resolve the limiting beliefs you have and expand that emotional resiliency we talked about at the beginning of today's webinar if you take this process and you use it on yourself you will be amazed at radically everything about your life begins to shift and change okay. Comes with its own little card game that you can play it comes with complete manual comes with templates.

Right. Comes with all kinds of really cool ways that you can really install this in your own mind and body okay. It's a $1,997 value we're going to include this as part of your webinar package 100% free when you click the link total value on this is 6,400 91 okay. Uh.

But we're not done yet we got another thing now this is course when you look. At the the the topic of tonight's webinar right. Defense against the dark. ARs and all of a sudden you see a course called.

Charisma and conversion hypnotic presentation skills for presenters and public speakers. I have a question for you how many of you by a show of that's me in the chat have ever gone to a seminar had no. Intention of doing anything. But asend attend the seminar and by the end of the seminar you were part of this massive.

Stampede to the back of the room to buy the. Next level of product or service or what have you how many found yourselves doing that. Betty says that's me. Stephanie says yes.

Right. And you're not even sure when that freaking happened would you like to know exactly how that happened. So that it never happens to you again that's why. I'm including this course this course will teach you everything you need to know to speak hypnotically and charismatically from the stage to deliver powerful presentations and content and construct offers that suck people in make them love what you're giving them and want to take the.

Next step with you it's going to teach you how to do small group presentations and large group presentations it's going to teach you the architecture of hypnotic influence and persuasion something that only a handful of highlevel presenters and speakers guys like. T. Harbeck. Tony.

Robbins uh. Robert. Allen. Lisa sasich um they teach.

But they don't teach why am. I saying this because in this program we're going to teach you the system behind the system all the secret hypnotic operators all the secret influence tactics and techniques that install subliminally. Prime people to want to rush to the back of the road hand over their credit card and buy the most expensive anything they have the most complete everything we're going to show you exactly how it works why it works. So that you never fall victim to this kind of programming again you'll be able to instantly know right.

It's about anytime sorry. Frank uh pattern interrupted me there any time you're presented with these skills people will instantly flag themselves and you'll know what's coming you'll know why it's coming you'll know what they're going to do. Next you'll be able to spot these things in people's presentations and you'll be able to say no. You'll be able to become aware of what's being done.

So you have more choice. But you'll also know exactly how to do it yourself. So that you can decide which of these powerful influence and persuasion tools ethically fit in your life when you present how do you get people to want to take that. Next step to raise their hand.

So this is useful for any place where you're going to be in an audience or speaking to an audience whether you're the presenter or whether you're somebody who's going to get information or have a service delivered to them this is going to teach you the most powerful way to deliver that information in a way that goes right. Into their minds that they retain it they they get excited and enthusiastic and motivated by it and they want to take the. Next step with you right. So this can be used to to help people learn as well as get people to buy the.

Next level right. Clowny says the videos are phenomenal yes. Um. So this is a $1,997 value.

I built most of my business guys and gals. I built most of my business using the exact. Tools in this course that. I'm sharing with you and the reason.

I say that is because many of us we know about social media we know about. YouTube we know about. Facebook. And we all know that in those venues in those platforms content is.

King this is going to show you systematically how to create content people love and repurpose that content on your blog your. YouTube channel your. Instagram. Whatever.

It. Is. Well at the same time building your in-person business right. That's how.

I did this if you look. At all my early videos on. YouTube they're all in front of a live audience and this is how. I did it right.

If you've ever been. C enthralled or or just captivated by the way. I'm presenting. I'm using these techniques to give you the most powerful experience.

I can in an ethical and honest way. So. I'm giving this to you a as a way for you to build your life. But also to protect yourself from people who are going to promise you the.

Next. Golden. Gate. Bridge or you know uh the rainforest in the desert that kind of.

Stu stuff we're going to show you how to separate all that out. So you can have more power and influence all right. So 8 it's a total combined value. So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you for free total combined value on this is 8,488 right.

If you were to go to the website try to buy these things individually that's about what you would pay if you could find some of these things. So this is what. I got for you on this fine. Black.

Friday we're going to give you the secrets of human influence study program this is the universal persuasion protocol right. It's $2,497. Value. Plus all the extra training in the manual we're going to give you the defense against the dark arts counter manipulation influence and behavioral profiling.

Secrets home study program it's a $1,997 value we're going to give you. Renegade reframing how to instantly overcome any objection change any belief or win any argument in seconds. So $1,997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free and we're going to give you the. Charisma conversion hypnotic presentation skills home study course.

So you can understand both sides of the influence. Continuum how to use. Mass influence to fill your your seminar room your coaching programs your your client roster. But also to protect yourself from being unethically manipulated by high ticket seminar leaders trying to mind you for lack of a better word into buying something you don't really need.

So and the reason. I say that is because my uh my. AV guy when. I.

First started teaching this course. I was deconstructing one of the talks uh that tar vecker did and. I didn't know it at the time. But my.

AV guy had actually gone to that seminar had been presented with that exact presentation and wound up buying the uh instructor program at the highest dollar value and had no. Idea any of this was being done to him and when he saw the the breakdown of this he was like he literally like. Turned three shades of purple and couldn't speak for like 10 minutes and every time thereafter when. I taught this course he would just sit there and glow and.

Mumble under his breath because he he felt what this can do right. I'm giving you the opportunity to have more power freedom and choice to take back your mind take back your power and influence people ethically and honestly and build your business and help a lot of people. But it's up to you to choose to do that right. Total value on this is $848.

So today. I want to give you the best deal humanly possible. So obviously it's. Black.

Friday we're not going to make you pay 8,488 we're not going to make you pay $648 we're not even going to make you pay 5,347 3347 23 nope you can get it all for one loow installment of just 9.97 or you can break that down into three easy payments of 3.97 each now lest you think. I'm done ladies and gentlemen believe me when. I say you might want to stick around till the end of part two okay. Because if you act now click this link go to www. killer influence.com slgo click link de nut says.

I always wanted to go to. David's class and. Joe dispenses what was interesting de is that one of my students actually went to see. Dr.

Joe and he saw every single thing that. I teach in. Charisma conversion being done by. Dr.

Joe that his trainers didn't actually ever get taught his name is. Bernie he went a training it was really funny um. Anyway click this link right. Now www. killer influence.com slgo and if you click that link right.

Now you're also going to get a 60-day guarantee test these materials out for a full 60 days if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to feeling more confident and secure making more money saving more money because you're not spending money on things you don't want or need if you're not closing more deals if you're not feeling more confident and secure and empowered if you're not feeling more emotionally stable in any social encounter if you're not finding ways to turn the tables on the people who try to get you to do things you don't want to do when you find yourself flagging people who are trying to emotionally manipulate you in any way shape or form right. If if you're not experiencing any of those things to your degree of satisfaction you pick up the phone you let us know we'll refund every dime you invested in this program you have absolutely nothing to risk here because. I want you to have all the tools that you need. I want you to be ready to move through the world helping getting everything you want by showing enough other people how to get exactly what they want and keep yourself from giving up being being manipulated into giving away the things that are most important to you because you think you have to okay.

So go click this link right. Now uh one of the things. I'll teach you in the krisman conversion is click the link click the link click the link always do triples right. Brain likes triples.

So click that link killer influence.com go reserve your spot now if that wasn't good enough for you if you click this link right. Now before. November 29th. I'm also going to include these special fast action bonuses a you're going to get three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is a program we've been running for the. Last 13 years 13 started in 2010. So yeah going on 14 years and we meet on the.

Third. Saturday of every month either in person or virtually and. I literally go around the room and. I say hey.

Frank what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn. Jason what do you want. Lear joshu what do you want to learn.

Joanne. Jody what do you want to learn. I write all those things down on the board ninja. Roy what do you want to learn class what do you want to learn.

I write them on the board and. I step back and. I look. At all the.

Connecting. Threads where all these things kind of overlap and line up and. I create a lesson plan for you right. On the spot and for the.

Next four to six hours. I drill you on these techniques specifically until you can do them in your sleep okay. This is this is what this is the glue that binds the home study and the. Live.

Events together this is where you get to meet your tribe this is where you get to be part of a community who is interested in the exact same things that you're interested in that wants to get better at the exact same things you want to get better at and. But don't have anybody to practice with you know. I just finished my mega retreat in uh. Tampa and.

I was with eight or nine of my uh my closest students and the one thing that they said over and over again was how they. L their new family how they loved the the fact that they could come here and be completely accepted understood and talk about things that other people would look. At them like they're crazy for ladies and gentlemen we all need a tribe we all need people who are likeminded who are like us who want the same things that we want the master has been the longest running. Practice.

Group uh in history it's been running non-stop since. October 2010 we've met on the. Third. Saturday of every month month after month since.

Then we've videotaped every single training and archive them on our various platforms the. NLB power website our private. Facebook. Archive our members only.

YouTube channel levels and you as a full-fledged member of. The. Mastermind during your trial will have 100% 24-hour day access to the entire uh actually it's 12 or 13 years of video archive now you can binge watch stuff that's never been shown on. YouTube never been seen in a product or service um and it covers the full spectrum of.

Mind and. Body interactions everything from how to attract people how to you develop your psychic skills do energy healing trauma resolution body language um marketing copyrighting memory ret memory enhancement. You. Name.

It. We. Do. It um if it involves the mind and body and energy spirituality in any way anything.

Law of. Attraction it's there right. Clothing styles and status and social influence it's all there right. Things.

I haven't even named yet you can binge watch this to your heart's content it's a $1,597 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free why because we want you to know that you're part part of something bigger we want you to know that there's a way for you to take the exact skills that you want to learn and get better at and have a place where you can go to safely easily practice and. Then take those skills out into the world and really prove to yourself how. Unstoppable they are this is your chance we're going to give this to you absolutely free. So if you add this to everything.

I've talked about. So far total combined value is. But we're not done for those of you who want to get started right. Away if you click this link right.

Now we're also going to include the stealth instant conversation of nosis crash course this is a special fast. Start program. I created many many years ago designed to give you uh you download it tonight watch a couple hours and be hypnotizing people literally hours after you've got the course it comes with uh 13 or 14 specific videos two that you need to watch if you want to be able to use powerful hypnotic language patterns one that you need to watch if you want to be able to do instant hypnotic inductions anytime anywhere it comes with complete transcripts downloadable audios that you can listen to while you're driving or otherwise not engaged with heavy machinery um it has workbooks uh as well as some bonus videos like hypnotic anchoring uh hypnotic hot buttons and. Criterion values licitation.

I believe there's even a course a short course on lie detection uh in there as well this is a $997 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free why because some people don't want to wait some people want to start right. Now right. They don't want to sit through three or four or five days of video before they can start doing something this will get you started tonight right. The total value is 11 we're gonna give this to you total is $1,882 and.

Then. Finally for those of you who want the cherry on the. Sunday for the. Next 21 people to click that link right.

Now we're going to give you a special all-inclusive. VIP ticket to our. Next killer influence 2025 uh secrets of coverted no's 5-day certification boot camp. January 21st to the 25th 2025 here in.

San. Diego you can also attend this virtually although we highly encourage you to uh attend this live if you can nothing will put these skills inside of you in a way that's fun actionable real world specific and oriented as the. Killer influence live training okay. Um for those of you who have had killer influence if you've had killer influence before and you don't want to come to the live killer influence training you can take that ticket and apply it towards any single live training that we're doing between now and the end of time as long as you're in our database as a.

VIP ticket holder member you can apply this live ticket this live event ticket to any training for example we have advanced face reading coming up. Next month if you've had killer influence you want to come to the advanced face reading class you could use your ticket if you want to gift that ticket to somebody else and have them come to killer influence or another one of our classes you can do that too if we raise the price of our trainings you don't pay a dime more if the training is sold out. But you have one of these tickets we'll we'll make a seat for you if you if something happens at the. Last moment and you can't go we will actually uh move you to another training right.

So this. PR this thing doesn't this thing doesn't expire and you can take as long as you need to to use it you just need to be in our database by clicking that link right. Now. So this is going to give you everything we've talked about in the secrets of human influence training five full days of.

Hands-On training how to control your psycho emotional state at will. So nobody else can how to think like a master of influence how to use the three levels of. Rapport how to turn people's nose into instant yeses how to bond to people's emotional value. So they want to do the things you want them to do okay.

Um how to make people like love and trust you how to hypnotize people during normal conversations whole nine yards all you have to do is click that link in your chat follow the follow fill out the form and you will be added to our our datab braas how to break everyday. Electronics yes. For those of you who know me and all the energy work that. I do you will discover that.

I have these amazingly interesting effects on anything electronic uh. Lether is no. Discount code for this you just click the link and you'll get all the all the different um everything else will be handled automatically okay. Total value on this is $3,150 value if you look.

At the toal total package it's asking for it now thanks okay. Um by the way how many of you voted for me for. NLP. Global gurus of the.

Year okay. If you did vote for me after you click this link and you get a confirmation that you're in the. VIP program send me a private email because. I have an extra special gift for you if you voted for me.

I have an extra gift okay. Okay. Um total value on this is $1 14,230 if you were to buy them individually. But you can get it all the secrets of un influence home study course defense against the dark arts.

Renegade reframing. Charisma and conversion. NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program stealth instant conversation hypnosis crash course the.

V the killer influence. VIP super ticket 5day training you can get a total package value is 14,00 232. But. But ladies and gentlemen do you know what today is what's today type it in the chat what's today.

Friday just any old. Friday the day that things are cheaper absolutely because it's. Black. Friday for the.

Next 21 people that click this link right. Now you're going to get this total package total value $ 14,23 you're not going to get it for $9.97 click that link right. Now you'll get the entire package we're going to take an extra $200 off the. Black.

Friday deal today you get it all for $7.97. But you got to click that link right. Now before. I log off the webinar.

Next 21 people to click this link for black. Friday get everything. I talked about with an extra $200 discount all you got to do to get yours is go to www. killer influence.com slgo click that link right. Now reserve your spot this is open to everybody whether you're whether you've bought webinar offers in the past or if it's your.

First time you're going to get it all for a super low price okay. Comes with a 60-day money back guarantee the. VIP super ticket. But this is a one payment deal you can break it into three easy installments of just 3.97 at the regular price.

But if you want to save that extra money click that link right. Now go to killer influence.com goo killer. INF click the link click the link click the link. I'll put it in both the chats for everybody all right.

So here's what's. GNA happen. I want you guys to go ahead and click those links if you have questions and. I.

I know there's some questions that always come up you can reach out to. Moss and. Mia um you can reach. Moss at the customer service number you can reach uh.

Mia via email now let's say you're looking at this program and you've bought this package or similar package to this in the past if you call that phone number the customer service number right. Now and you leave your contact information we we will let you substitute any program of equal or lesser value for any package or any any product you already own. So you can completely customize the package right. Again serious inquiries only please please please when you call leave your contact information if you call and you do not leave your contact information you will not qualify for the special pricing you will not qualify for any of the fast action bonuses.

But if you leave your number when you call. Then you will qualify for everything that. I've just mentioned okay. So click this link right.

Now get in our database get your. VIP tickets okay. Get ready to use them get ready to show up you can come to face reading. Next month if you want you can come to killer influence in.

January or if there's any other 5day or three-day training that you would like in our 2025 calendar that you'd like to use this for instead all you got to do is pick up the phone or send us an email and we'll move you to the guest list for that training. So. I'm going to give you guys a seven or eight. I'm gonna eight minute break to uh make whatever uh.

Arrangements you need click those links right. Now 858 282 4663. Mia. NLP power.com.

Moss at. NLP power.com. Brandon's hiding in the back scenes there when we come back we're going to drill down in into the exact topics that you guys want to know most about this is where we're going to customize the fundamentals that we laid the basics that we laid down at the beginning of part one and we're going to spend the. Next half hour 45 minutes an hour whatever it is teaching you the skills you most want to need to know right.

Now. Tex says we're getting a lot of calls please be patient please text for now right. But do it right. Now.

I've never you can ask anybody who's been around you can ask. Seth. I have never ever given a webinar package with this much stuff for this low an investment ever this is the one time we're going to do it uh make sure you're texting make sure you leaving your contact information there's a freaking. Stampede right.

Now folks. I get it it's cool it's exciting. I'm going to give you guys that eight minute break that we talked about get your stuff finalized when we come back we're going to jump right. Into more defense against the dark arts and getting what you want the way that you want it this is.

Dr. David. I will see you at 6:09 p.m. Pacific whatever that is your time we'll see you.

Then click those links and let's get going e e e e e e should e e all right. We got about two minutes left on our break. I'm back if anybody has a question or something that uh they want to ask about uh while you're finalizing your orders or whatever go ahead and uh go ahead and type your question and. I'm happy to answer.

Jax has a question type your question all right. So what do you guys want to focus on for the for the part three of the webinar you want to look. At victimology you want to look. At resistance removal you want to look.

At reframes you want to look. At um three magic questions you want to look. At. Advanced lie detection tactics what do you where do you which direction you guys want to go.

So. Le saying resist distance removal and reframing. I'm sure those are typos um. I'm sure those are typo.

So that whatever's on the webinar slide is what we're going to honor uh do most. Psychopaths have the same lifestyle because. I know two people who were diagnosed with no. Um that's a great question um we can talk about that as part of the part of part three um psychopathy by the way by the way my friend.

Chase. U when. I was training with him he would say that you can't actually go to the dsm5 and find the term psychopathy the reason for that is is because psychop ay is a generic term for any kind of mental illness um. So one of the things.

I've learned is that there's there's two basic approaches to psychopathy. I guess that you can think about it and one what we call organized versus disorganized. So you have some people who are just like. Renegade.

Maniac axxe murderers right. These are to use a more provocative term and and. Then you have more of the the. Ted bundies of the world right.

Or or um the nightstalkers or the you know those kinds of people and these people are highly organized they may be very brutal um. But they're much more systematic until they start to spiral. So the the short answer to your question is uh people will handle their stuff differently right. You really can't predict one of the things that you will see though one of the some of the common characteristics in most of your your predatory humans especially the ones that we we're most familiar with um is they will be highly sensation seeking and that means that they're very they're they're very impulsive uh they like things that have a lot of adrenaline.

So they'll be very and they often move towards um manic type activities. So anything that that gives him an adrenaline rush um is one of the. Hallmarks of a lot of these sociopathic and high high dopaminergic type um. So um character types the other thing is they also tend to be very uh impulsive.

So a lot of times they won't think about the long-term consequences of what they're doing. So when you're flagging them uh if you follow like. Dr. Wendy.

Patrick's. Flags process right. Focus lifestyle. Association groups when you look.

At the lifestyles and associations. Association groups areas do they do a lot of uh a lot of um crazy things do they like to drag race they have do they have do they have pictures of of of themselves you know uh waving a beer bottle while they're behind the wheel you know weird stuff right. You wouldn't think looks like people just goofing and having a good time. But how much of a preponderance of high-risk craz do they engage in right.

Um that's that tends to be a commonality they engage in. Risky. Behavior a lot of unprotected sex um drug use um you know again now just because somebody engages in drugs or because somebody is a nudist or a uh you know a swinger or um you know somebody who likes to to do all these uh atypical things doesn't make them a sociopath it doesn't make them a narcissist it doesn't make them a u any paath at all. But if you see people who have a lot of these things and they have a history of very shortterm nomadic.

Lifestyles that's off that's often that cluster is often a a pretty good indication of somebody who has is very high on that. Spectrum okay. Yeah okay. So um going back to um what what what you guys want to focus on.

So. I have two raised hands hold on a say let me go to the chat and see what that's about. I just killed my own chat hold on a. Second all right.

So. So we can go with resistance removal we can go with victimology what is the number to order it's 858 282 4663 put that in the other chat is 858 282 4663 okay. So jod saying resistance removal yeah. I think.

I saw a resistance removal come up quite let's talk about that. So one of the things that's going to happen as you move through the world you're going to be asking people to do things for you and they're going to say no. So some of the material that. I'm going to share with you is derived from uh one of the references that we use is.

U instant influence by. Dr alexand uh. Dr. Michael uh pentalon p a n t a l o n e instant influence by.

Michael pantelon very good book. In that book. He describes a protocol that in our world we uh we have a process we've based on that called the autonomization framework that will trigger somebody to create their very own most powerful reason for doing something that they've just told you they did not want to do now before. I go further into the the psych ology behind this or or the the neurology behind this um.

I will tell you that. I have used this thing on stuff that shouldn't be arguable for example. I've had at least two or three times where. I've used this version of this protocol on people with ttis ringing in the ears and.

I've literally argued them out of their they're ringing in their ears if you go to my. YouTube channel you'll see me use this on a lady presenting with a low-grade back pain where. I literally use a variant of this formula and. I argue her out of her back pain and she's looking at me like.

I'm some kind of wizard like what did you do right. Um the only thing. I will say about that is that um the audio in that video is not the best which is kind of common. So if remember that my early videos did not have a lot of great video or audio.

I was. I was a a. I had a tech staff of one me. So.

I was bouncing between being up in front of the room and being in the back of the room hoping. I was staying in the camera shot and that people could hear me. So. I apologize for the audio quality of some of my early videos um.

I may get when. I get some time. I may go back and redo that video with. AI.

So that you guys can hear it better and stuff like that the slouch. I don't know what you did. But it worked than thanks. Frank all right.

So let's talk about resistance removal. I'm going to go ahead and go to my share screen. But while we're while we're going to talk about this what are some areas where you might want to use something like this give me give me a few scenarios that you're dealing with that this would be helpful. So.

I can. Target this training for you better. I love this formula by the way. I really do once you get good at it there isn't much that you can't reverse in like two minutes.

So go ahead talk to me what's type it in the chat you guys on. YouTube. I know it's a little bit of a delay. Clowny says therapy counseling investigations okay.

Dysfunctional family. Dynamics okay. What else all right. While you guys are doing that let's talk about some principles and and things that we have to understand to use this process effectively in.

Planet. David and you'll learn this in your when you when you get your defense against the dark arts training um you'll get this in both the secrets of you and influence training as well as the dark arts in. Planet. David we divide resistance into three category three plus one categories okay.

So there's three types of resistance that we can classify by welcome. Betty and. Betty just finished signing up awesome um in in the. H in hypnosis.

World they say there's no. Such thing as resistant clients only in flexible therapists now that is true enough to be true your ability to get somebody uh into hypnosis and to follow the processes um that you want them to go through is greatly impacted by your behavioral flexibility. But there's another side to this as well and that is connection trust and. Rapport okay.

When you encounter resistance you're going to encounter it in three plus one. VAR iety human beings inherently resist anything that challenges the way they see themselves let me repeat that human beings inherently resist anything that challenges their self-image the way their self-concept the way they see themselves like if we were in if we were in a different class we would talk we would be talking about ideals and emotional values. But each and every one of us has an image that we like to think of ourselves as and we will inherently push back or move away from anything that asks us to be something different okay. This is also true when you go through some kind of transformation or change that your family members aren't comfortable with because the transformation that you're going through triggers and reflects to them the things in them that they're lacking and the.

Box that they've put you in and they will fight to keep you the same because you being different makes them uncomfortable it challenges the way they see themselves and the world they've come to accept is true which we'll get to in just a moment. So human beings will inherently push back against anything that threatens that the key word here is threatens anything that challenges the way they see themselves that's one resistance number two human beings will inh ently push back against anything that threatens the way other they think other people will see them. So this is other. Consciousness the.

First one is self-consciousness in other words um um. I'm a. DieHard um conservative. Orthodox.

Catholic um whatever and you're asking me to engage in some kind of ritual right. That's not who. I am that's not what. I resonate with.

I'm going to resist that okay. My. S. My my self-concept what.

I've what. I believe is right. For me who. I am and.

I'm going to resist it because it doesn't match cons now self-consciousness. But let's say you're asking me to go to a costume party right. And. I see myself as this.

Super. Macho. Ultra masculine here. Adventurer type and.

I believe other people see me that way and you're asking me to dress up in a baby costume or to go in drag to that party right. I'm not going to resist it because. I don't want because it's not fun. I'm going to resist it because of the way that.

I think other people will view me right. So we inherently resist anything that threatens. The. Way.

We. Believe other people will perceive. Us in face reading if you come to face reading um. Next month we're going to talk about the two sides to a human's face you have their public mask which is seen in the right.

Side of the face and you have their private mask which is um the part that only intimate people see the public mask is the face. I show the world it's the self-image that. I project that. I it's the way.

I want you to think about me human beings will inherently resist any message or any communication or any act request that threatens that public face. So phase one anything that threatens my private face. I'm going to push back anything that presses my public face. I'm going to push back the final resistance in the resistance category human beings will inherently push back against anything that they that threatens what they have accepted as true okay.

Now the the when. I teach this in my in killer influence. I'll talk about um let me see if. I can do this really quick without screwing up my.

I'm gonna. I'm going to try and and do this uh without freezing up my screen. So let's say that. I'm a.

I'm going. I'm a. I'm a 5-year-old going to kindergarten for the. First time right.

And all the while. I'm at home with mommy mommy's teaching me about shapes and colors right. And mommy tells me that this is a red square mommy was my. God authority figure most trusted knows everything remember this is a four year five-year-old we're talking about and she told me that this shape is a red square now.

I go to kindergarten let me see if. I can find my colors here hold on a. Second. I go to school and the teacher says.

David go up to the board and draw me a red square and. I draw this and she says no. David that's a green circle this is a red square and. I look.

The teacher right. In the eye with all the sincerity my little five-year-old body says and. I say uhuh mommy said this is a green is a red square and now we're going to go back and forth now will that teacher eventually be able to get me to grudgingly admit that this is a red square the short answer is yes. However will.

I believe it in my heart the answer to that more often than not is no. Why because this was their. First it was done by somebody who. I implicitly believe is the god of my world eventually.

I'll come to accept that this is a red square and that's a green circle. But. I won't be happy about it and. I will push back as much as humanly possible.

So why is this important because it doesn't really matter what's true what matters is what we believe is true and we will inevitably push back anytime we are confronted with something that threatens. Our. Truth some of the more advanced psychology uh research would call this a confirmation bias right. We don't want the truth we want evidence that what we believe is true is actually true.

So these are the three kinds of resistance plus one there's one more that we're going to talk about and this is the one that will derail us probably more than the other three it's one that's completely unconscious um and is in many cases very illogical okay. But before. I go into that. Last one are you guys with me.

So far is everything. I'm saying making sense to you cool okay. Now for those of you who are influenc professionals if you want your message to be more accepted and and embraced by your audience any presentation that you give should talk about how they're going to see themsel it should talk about how other people are going to see them and how it affirms what they believe is true that's how you take these same ideas of resistance you build them into your message. So that now they're in alignment with those resistances does that makes sense right.

So when we talk about defense against the dark. ARS for example when you when you. Master these skills you'll no. Longer see yourself as somebody who is a victim you'll no.

Longer see yourself as some of you is helpless in any situation or circumstance you'll move through the world rad a sense of power and awareness and understanding and calmness and control that makes you the the. Envy of everyone you meet and when you interact with people they'll see that new confidence in you and you'll realize now the truth is that you understand people better than they know themselves because you understand that you can now help as many people as human possible you can keep yourself safe and you can absolutely write your own ticket in this world in an ethical and honest way that 100% matches the the the life. Direction you've set for yourself now isn't that something that we all want type it in the chat now what did. I just do there by the way you you can get it all by clicking that link right.

Now right. Um what did. I just do. I did.

I talked about what. I talked about how they're going to see thems you editorially. I talked about how you're going to see yourself how many of you found yourself somewhere in what. I was describing how many of you found yourself picturing how other people are going to change and respond to you differently how many people you found your truth being stimulated.

Your. Truth think yeah that's me that's true true or not true. I gave us your medicine yeah now for those of you who are doing any kind of. Marketing sales whatever the moment you can tap into those three levels of resistance and align with them using their words that's how much faster those people are going to buy in to the direction you want them to go does that make sense questions about that.

I have one more type of resistance to talk about. Then we'll get into the the formula is it is it something you can use can you can you see yourself utilizing this this these three truth form this three resistance formula in your. Communications. Richard says.

I could use it yeah. Jeff says you're spot on boom right. Perfect okay. So the practice.

I absolutely and if you use if you combine this with the echo technique and the emotional bonding it gets even it gets even stronger right. Everything that we teach you you're learning a system. I'm teaching you bits and pieces of technique that are it's. Radioactive on their own when you put them in the process in the system that they come from you get an a multiplicative effect you get a geometric amplification of all the the impact okay.

I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.

I'm very much a systems guy. So jodian says currently using. Echo and it's working want to perfect the aspect perfect if all you ever get from me is the echo technique you already 80 you're at way ahead of the competition all right. So let's talk about the.

Last piece of the resistance puzzle now. I. I say three + one types of reactants or resistance the. Third one the fourth one is called reactants.

I'll talk about that in a minute let me just remind everybody that um when. I log off tonight's uh webinar on the the super low. Black. Friday discount goes away.

So when would now be a good time to click that link. So you can get the the secrets of human influence home study program by at $2,497 the defense against the dark arts uh home study course $1,997 you get that for free you get the. Renegade reframing uh home study program $1,997 you're going to get that for free you need. Charisma conversion uh $1,997 value absolutely free you're going to get the nlv.

Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value you're going to get that for free you're. GNA get the stealth instant conversational hynosis crash course $997 for free and you're going to get that 5day. VIP ticket yeah. VIP.

Anything. Goes. Super ticket to the. Next killer influence 5ay secrets of convert hypnosis training.

Boot. Camp or if you want you can use it for any of our other uh five day or three-day events coming up in the year 2025 total value on this is $14239.04 for three easy installments of just 3.97 each. But we've never offered given a package uh. So much away for.

So low an investment this is uh probably one of the only times we'll do this. So by all means click this link right. Now remember it's a 60-day money back guarantee if you're not on the fast track to becoming more bulletproof in terms of being influenced and not more. Unstoppable in terms of being influencing uh we'll refund all your money help us let us help you get through the sticking points if it's still not working you just let us know and we'll give you a full refund and you can keep any courses that you downloaded as our way of saying thank you for giving it a shot.

Anyway. I just wanted to put that out there. I'll do one final call before. I log off tonight's webinar.

So if you have any questions uh one would now be a good time to click these links um killer influence.com hold on a. Second. I just want to make sure and you're gone and let's see here and there we go okay. So let's go back to training all right.

So let's talk about reactants. I like to call reactants the you factor and let me explain why that is reactance is not logical it's not rational reactant is that inherent need to push back against any form of influence that we did not specifically invite. So during the when you're at the killer influence training you hear me talk about um you know you're you're it's five o'clock in the evening you're about to sit down to dinner and right. As you sit down to dinner you hear this knock on the door you open the door and there's this guy that you know from the neighborhood he's like the local.

Parish priest or somebody who's very very respectable wellth thought of completely credible in your neighborhood he says hey guy um hey. I'm sorry to bother you during dinner. I. I.

I this really cool thing happened and. I. I didn't know what else to do. So.

I just thought. I'd go around and talk to some of the neighbors um and see what they thought about it. So here's the deal my great aunt passed away um. Last month and apparently uh in her will she left me this massive coin collection has all these gold coins and and from all the all the documentation and all the um you know all everything that shows you there legitimate and.

I know that um. I'd like to give to charity. So what. I decided to do was.

I wanted to. I want to spread the wealth a little bit now. I heard you were interested in. Investments and things like that.

So what. I've been doing is. I've been going to all the neighbors and. I've been like each of these gold coins is worth about $1,500 now keep.

I'm trying to paint a a context for you okay. Each of these coins is worth about $1,500. I'm letting them go for like like 200 bucks a piece. I was curious how many you'd be interested in buying what's your knee-jerk reaction to that to that pitch is it give me all of them or is it like what's the scam what's going on what's your what's your initial knee-jerk response anybody.

Jack says it's not real value okay. Now keep in mind this guy came out of nowhere interrupted your dinner and says hey. I'm selling dollars for dimes how many you want to buy do you just rush in and say give me all of them it's too good to be true right. Now why are you thinking that you know this guy you've known him for years he's a pillar of the community the documentation is all there and yet your knee-jerk response is this is full of this isn't true this isn't real this guy's bugging me would you say that's more true than not.

I want to hear more see if it's worth it okay. Good thank you just the same doesn't match okay. Now what you've just encountered is reactance reactance is this initial refusal to do whatever we're being influenced to do just because we've been influenced to do it reactance happens any time where presented with influence we didn't invite now why is this important because when you try to convince somebody to do something they've already said no. To you become the guy at the door and they the person you're seeking to convince will paint any communication that you give them with an agenda that is not good for them regardless of how honorable and loving and um authentic you are.

So when you want that here's the secret you have to neutralize the reactants in the person you're seeking to influence okay. In other words you have to get that person to believe that you are on their side what does that actually mean well in the context of therapy in the context of counseling if you got somebody who's uh taking drugs or is. Smoky right. When that person walks into your clinic even for weight loss right.

Nine out of 10 of the people who walk into your clinic to lose weight or to um even on a greater degree get off drugs or stop smoking nine out of 10 of them are not there because they want to be nine out of 10 of them are there because everybody in their brother sometimes even the courts have forced them to go they've just busted their stones or brow beaten them or imposed fines or penalties on them until they have no. Choice. But to capitulate it's no. Different than when.

Junior who thought that a green circle was a red square went to kindergarten and the teacher told that little boy no. That's a green circle the cognitive dissonance. Wells up the reactant. Wells up and they push back regardless of how logical and proof.

Laden the argument is. So the. Catch 22 for getting people to do exactly what you want them to do when they just said they didn't is to convince them that you support their right. Not to do it let me say that again the.

Paradox. The. Catch 22 necessary to get people to do the thing they said they didn't want to do is you have to convince them that you support their right. Not to do it.

So this is what it might look. Like um if you were coming to me in my clinic right. I. I like to do this example.

I'm. G to go through the process and. Then um. I'll walk you through the steps right.

So someone comes into my clinic and they and. I say say hey. I. David.

I'm. Dr. David how can. I help you day hi.

I'm. L and uh um. I saw your sign. I saw your ads on on.

YouTube and uh uh. I need you to help me quit smoking oh okay. So how long have you wanted to quit smoking well to be truthful. I don't.

But everybody in my family wants me to quit smoking my wife is on my case my kid said. I smell like an ashtray my boss doesn't let me smoke inside it makes me go outside. I'm getting everywhere. I go and.

I just need you to make me quit smoking now that's the. First thing to listen for anytime somebody comes at you says. I need you to make me do. X that's a big red flag right.

So. L just. So. I understand you better you're here to quit smoking.

But you don't want to quit smoking your wife wants you to quit smoking your boss wants you to quit smoking your kids want you to quit smoking. But you want me to make you quit smoking. But you don't want to quit. SM yeah can can you do that you're a hypnotist.

I hear you guys can do that stuff well we can do that stuff. But here's the thing and. I think it's really important. Lou that that you understand this.

I'm gonna make sure. I'm gend. Lou is here now. Lou when you walk in that door.

I'm your guy and. I'm gonna be very upfront with you if you don't want to quit smoking there is not enough hypnosis in the world to make you quit. I'll just tell you that right. Up front there is not enough hypnosis in the world to make you quit.

But that's not even the important part. Lou the important thing is to remember that when you walk in that door. I'm your guy. I'm here for you.

I'm not here for your wife even though you love her and she only wants what's best for you. I'm not here for your boss right. I'm not here for your kids and. I know they love you and they want you to be good.

I'm here for you. So here's the deal this is how this is going to go you can choose if you don't want to quit smoking. I'm not going to make you quit. But if they're busting your.

Stones about coming here you can sit in my chair for an hour and. I'll we'll just shoot the and you can come out and say it didn't work we can call it a day right. Here right. Now no.

Harm no. Foul right. We can work on something completely different that you do want to fix heck man if you want to learn to enjoy smoking more. I'll help you do that because.

I'm your guy. I'm here for you right. I'm not here. I'm here for your reasons not your wife's reasons not your kids reasons not your your boss's.

Reasons. I'm here for you. I'm thinking about it like that if if you were to want to quit smoking for your reason not your wife's reasons yours not your kids reasons yours not your boss's reasons yours if you were to want to quit smoking today why might you want to do that um well you know smoking is a bit of an expensive habit you know and we could probably use that money for other things like going camping or buying you know going on a trip or something like that now that you mention it. I'm.

I noticed. I'm getting a little bit short of breath when. I'm out with the kids they want to go hiking and. I want them to coughing and hacking and stuff like that.

So you know. I stop smoking my lungs will get better. I have more energy. I play with the kids more go do more things i' save some money.

So you know maybe maybe yeah maybe just. So. I could be healthier and save some money and and uh go do more stuff with your kids okay. So you'd like to save some money be healthier go do more with your kids yeah yeah that's right.

So. I'm curious just. So. I understand you better on a scale of.

Zer to 10 or one to 10 how much might you want to get healthier save some money and do more with your kids oh dude like six six seven easy wow six or seven easy huh why. So much. Luke why didn't you rate that less what why did you rate that. So high well because it's my houseal guy.

I mean come on. I mean. I want to live longer. I want to do more with my kids.

I want to save some money it's a no-brainer. I just want to be healthier okay. So to move that forward what's the. Next step we need to take how soon you want to get started well let's do this is that your chair let's go right.

Boom what did you notice talk to me did. I use the echo technique he talked himself into it did. I use the echo technique. I did.

I partnered with him. I demonstrated faith in him right. How many of you found yourself kind of going along with that you have you have to create an alliance with that person and more often than not the counterintuitive way to get there is you have to conin. Vince utterly convince the person across from you that you are on their side you support their right.

Not to do it and you'll go. So far as to help them do it more or not do it more if that's what's important to them if you try to shortcut that step if you try to just gloss over it or pay lip service to it you got to feel this how many when. I was doing that whole. I'm your guy thing how.

Sincere was. I how authentic was. I what did you feel you got to do that you got to go there because if you don't they are highly sensitized to any form of manipulation they're expecting any any kind of reverse psychology trick any. NLP technique any form of conversational rhetorical persuasion or influence they're looking for it the reticular activating system is hyper sensitized to it they're deep in an emotional state and they are going to paint anything you do with a manipulative agenda until you satisfy that we call this step restoring personal autonomy you must must must do that if you want to be successful with the resistance removal protocol none of the other steps matter and the reason for that is if you don't satisfy the.

First step they won't buy into the context and the process you're operating in and they will parse and analyze everything you say to the nth degree you can't have them do that you've got to shift them into why they might want to do something you have to attack their reason for wanting to do it which makes them want it more and. Then you have to take them baby step through that process. So again one of the things to recommend you do and you'll learn this backwards and forwards in the home study courses in the live trainings we do this over and over and over again in every conceivable context from selling cars and real estate to counseling and therapy to dating okay. I've actually helped people get over x's in 10 five minutes using this protocol right.

I've cured idus with it. I've uh. I've taken away back pain because the nervous system doesn't really make a big distinction between subjective and objective processes okay. So let's let's go ahead and um go step through this.

So the. First thing we're going to do is we are going to restore their sense of personal choice in other words you have to neutralize reactants okay. We have to give them back their sense of their freedom to choose we have to convince them of that we have to acknowledge their right. To say no.

If you go back and you watch the replay you'll hear me say this toou oh over and over and over again not my reasons not your wife's reasons not your son's reasons not your boss's reasons your reasons why might you want to do that that's the reason that's the only reason they will respond to wholeheartedly and that's what we want that's what gets you what. Chris. Voss likes to say is the that's right. Moment if you've ever read any of.

Chris's stuff they'll talk about the difference between yes. And that's right. Yes. Is a basically a disguised no.

That's right. Is the. I'm gonna do that we want to get a that's right. Answer.

So we have to have them generate their own reason. Then what are we going to do we're going to apply the master. Echo formula right. What's the master.

Echo for me well. I'm glad you asked the master. Echo sequen is you're going to ask them a question you'll learn about this in your home study course you're going to pay attention to their response you're going to validate that response you're going to. Echo the words they just said you're going to ask the.

Next question when you go back and review this video when you come to your live training you will see this process this formula over and over and over again we're going to ask a question we're going to pay attention to the response it generates we're going to validate that response we're going to. Echo the words that they used we're going to ask our. Next question the only variation you'll see is what we call a softener the softener is another way of saying here's why. I am about to ask you ask slash you what.

I'm about to tell you what does this look. Like oh. I'm glad you asked here's what a softener looks like. So.

I'm curious. I'm wondering just. So. I understand you better let me ask you this is it possible when you were watching me talk to.

L how many times did you hear me say just. So. I understand you better or let me ask you this or. I'm curious did you hear me say that at least any one of these at least once or twice maybe more than once this is one of the big secrets to being good at influence you have to learn to soften what you say softening to some to the untrained listener the untrained.

Observer sounds like you're just making it weaker you're not making the influence weaker you're making it more palatable and less invasive right. So you soften the words you ask your question you pay attention to the response you validate the response you. Echo their words you ask again this sequence must be used in this formula. So.

I'm wondering. I'm curious if you were to want to do. X for your own reasons not mine not your wife's not your bosses not your kids if you were to want to do. X for your own reasons.

I'm wondering just. So. I understand you better why might you want to do that why why is this. So important right.

Oh. So you want to be healthy. I get it. So you want to be healthier save some money spend more time with your kids excellent.

So. I'm curious see do you hear the softeners on a scale of 0 to 10 or scale of one. I like 1 to 10 by the way and. I'll tell you why in a minute on a scale of 1 to 10 how much might you want to save money get healthier spend more time with your kids six amazing.

I'm wondering about something though why. So much why didn't you rate it less right. So. I just the softener off here why.

So much why didn't you rate it less right. Now whatever they say in answer to this question. I'm going to agree with them. I'm going to find some way that.

I can signal that. I'm on the same page and. Then. I'm going to.

Echo their words and. I'm going to ask the. Next question what's the. Next question.

I'm curious. I'm wondering what's the. Next step we need to take to move that forward and how much might you want to how soon you want to get started. So let's walk let's walk through this step one restore personal autonomy step two communicate to them that it's okay.

Not to do it and. Then ask you soften you e their words you ask your question if you were to want to do. X why might you want to do that whatever they say you agree you. Echo their words you ask the.

Next question in the sequence. I'm curious. I'm wondering on a scale of 1 to 10 how much might you want to do that now ladies and gentlemen of all the words in this formula you cannot change this is the word you cannot change because if you change that word might you may not get the answer you want okay. Might is one of the most important words in this sequence okay.

We'll talk about that more um a killer influence live on a scale of zero of 1 to 10 how much might you want to do that they're going to give you a number from 1 to 10 whatever it is validate. Echo ask again or ask the. Next question. So.

I'm curious. I'm wondering why. So much why didn't you rate it less now a lot of times when you ask that question you're going to see you notice when. I when.

I was role playing with. Louie he went what the reason you get that response sometimes is because they're. So used to people asking why don't you want that more they're. So used to having to defend their rationale that they automatically assume you're going to do the same thing and you are.

But you're doing it in a different direction you're not asking why they don't want it more you're asking why they don't want it less the moment they answer that question about why they don't want it less their desire to do it to do it more goes up you're actually triggering the reactants in the opposite direction of where it was pointed initially. So now it's working for you toward your goal instead of away from you now whatever comes out of their mouth. So. I'm curious what's the.

Next step we need to take to move forward on that how soon you want to get started whatever they say. Next you validate you. Echo you ask again and you take that step and that step only because the most important thing in that moment when they give you the. Next step is you take that step in a very calm certain non-rushed present matter.

OFA way okay. Because they're youve shifted them into a very different way of seeing the world they see you as an ally if they get if they see you like lunging for it like when you're trying to when you're trying to land a fish for the. First time and you pull the hook. Out of its mouth they'll pull back and they'll start analyzing what you just did and they'll lapse there's a chance they could lapse back into oh.

I don't want to do this right. So you you're in a very fragile state it's going to get stronger as you get deeper and deeper into the the process they've given you. But you have to. Gentle them through that no.

Blips on the radar okay. Question questions about what you saw are you guys like trans out or what all right. That's the resistance removal formula okay. R running it in my head all right.

Well let's do this um let me run through our our. Last call and. Then. I will run you guys through um we'll do a we'll do a group version of resistance removal.

So you're gonna have to bear with me because. I'm gonna be doing like 25 or 150 of you at the same freaking time right. Depending on what platform you're running. So do the best you can to follow along.

But let's just go over uh for those of you who are on the fence what would now be a good time to click those links right. And and grab your your. Black. Friday super package.

So once again this is a secrets of human influence home study course right. $2,497 value defense against the dark arts home study course at number one nl3 training program in the world $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the. Renegade reframing home study program $1,997 value we're going to give you that for free you're going to get the. Charisma convers conversion home study course $1,997 value the three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program $1,597 value absolutely free you're going to get the stealth instant conversation with nosis course $997 we're going to give that to you free and you're going to get that 5day. VIP super ticket to any uh killer influence training of your choice um total value on this is $1 14,23 normally our webinar prices are 9.97 we're going to take an extra $200 off because it's. Black.

Friday and we want you to have this we want you in those training. So you can move the needle in your life www. killer influence.com slgo it's www. killer influence.com slgo working this into a sales process very very simple okay. So let's all assume for a moment that you're on a webinar okay. Now this is this is the interactive portion of tonight's training okay.

So my job here isn't to convince you to to to purchase our webinar package even though it's the best deal we've ever done right. Everything in it is perfectly worth it at full price if that's what you want to do and if you don't want to buy it if you don't want to grab it. I'm not going to try and make you grab it. I'm not here to convince you.

I'm here to show you how this can change your life and if you don't want it. I'm not married to it right. So it doesn't really matter to me. Beyond a certain level my job here is to do one thing and one thing only it's to get you to decide you want it or you don't it's going to change your life and make all the difference in your world or you want to stay the same and that's okay.

That's your choice right. I'm not here to change that choice my job is to just help you make the choice yes. Or no. Do you want to change or do you want to stay the same do you want to continue to be a victim or do you want the power and the the freedom to write your own ticket in this world it's your choice.

I'm not. GNA sit here poke you poke the bear at you one way or another right. You know if this is right. For you you know if this will make all the differences for you you know based on working with me and the material that we put out the quality and the power of what we do you know if you deserve to have this or not it's not about me it's about you and.

I'm here to help you make that choice one one or the other if you don't want it no. Harm no. Foul don't need to click that link. But.

I am curious. I am wondering if you were to want to take that leap if you were to want to make a change in your life for all the right. Reasons the reasons that resonate most powerfully with you not because. I say.

So right. Not because. I have all the studies and all the science and all the all the the backup that's not important what's important is about you what you feel is right. For you and how how this would make a change if it would make a change for you why am.

I and if it were if that were true. I'm curious. I'm wondering if you were to want to grab this offer and become a full deeper member and get access to all the. Technologies and the secrets that we have to share with you for your reasons not mine.

I'm not a m reader although some people think. I play one on television right. But your reasons not your mom's reasons not your wife's reasons your boss's reason whoever is the the the string puller in your life the shot caller in your life not their reasons yours if you would to want to do that. I'm curious why might you want to do it just type it in the chat why might you want to do that just type your answers in the chat.

I'll wait le le says to have control of my life okay. Perfect that's that's absolutely honorable. I love that anybody else and by the way you don't have to you don't have to write it in the chat if you want to keep it private just write it on a piece of paper in front of you. But.

I want you to look. At. I want you to think about it as you think about having that control you think about all the different ways that this could make a difference in your life the way you've described it on a scale of one to 10 how much might you want to do that how much might you want that now. I will ask you to type that number in the chat there is not a number means it's too high right.

Should help the people. I meet during my demos okay. On a scale of 1 to 10 how much might you want that 10. Richard says oh wow anybody else nobody's.

GNA play huh all right. Well that's fine. But you all know that number in your mind true or not true. So my question for you is this why do you want that.

So much why didn't you rate it less and think about it why didn't you rate that less why do you want that. So much very good. So. I'm curious how soon do you want to get started what's the.

Next step we need to take to move your life forward the way you want just click the link do it now before. I log off. So you get all the goodies doesn't that just make sense now all fun and games aside as you were stepping through this process what happened to your desire to take the. Next step when.

I said on a scale of one to 10 how much might you want to do that and a number popped up and. Then. I said why. So much why didn't you rate that less why do you want that.

So much what happened to your desire be honest tell me decision was not as harsh see that it increased you wanted to do it more it escalated that's the magic of redirected reactants the most powerful way to get anybody to do this the exact thing they just told you they did not want to do is to have them generate their very own reason for why they might want to do it that's made the decision more comfortable yes. And once we have that ball rolling we just snowball it we can just continue to amplify and amplify until just it's just a no-brainer right. If you want that the ability to do that. Vader says it worked.

I wanted it more absolutely did we lie cheat steal or manipulate people in any way shape or form during that process or did we simply find out why they want what they wanted and show them how to get it and. O is saying can you send me a link in my email. I can give you the link right. Here brother just click it and get it done right.

This is this is one piece of the whole system right. It's a super powerful piece and if you here's the here's the interesting part about um about this particular protocol if you follow the found the fundamental stuff uh in secrets of human influence you'll almost never need to use this. But for those moments when you're dealing with a recalcitrant uh teenager a uh highly emotional highly strong pre-teen uh people who are dealing with substance abuse issues people who have occupational. Defiance uh.

Defiance disorder things of that nature this is a lifesaver right. But remember the key to making it happen the key to mastering it follow the formula and you have to convince that person that you're on their side it has to be sincere it has to be authentic and if you can do that they'll tell you what they'll tell you exactly what you need to do and say to get them to do the very thing they just told you they weren't going to do and. Then it gets deeper okay. So that's all.

I got for you tonight. I hope you guys enjoyed the show um trust me there's way more in your courses when you start unlocking and unpacking those courses by all means if you have questions call that number give us a call we're here to help we're here to support you uh show up at our. Next. Mastermind you'll get a three-month trial and we will help you.

H those skills and uh get you on the fast track to the best life humanly possible all right. If you had a good time if you learned a lot please like and share this video right. In the words of the immortal. Carol.

Bernette. I'm. So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say. So long good night my friends.

I'll see you all on the other side click those links and let's get to training. God bless.
