Title: MIND CONTROL SKILLS: FREE Hypnosis / NLP Training David Snyder Master Mind Mentoring Program  ( NEW)
File Name: HPM1VnY53cw.txt
Video Id: HPM1VnY53cw
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HPM1VnY53cw

So. First things. First this is should be all lowercase. But.

I tend to write an opera case all the time which often screws things up your case sensitive. I'm sensitive. HT alright. How many people here know about my mastermind program if you do not.

I have been running the longest the most successful longest running ongoing. NLP mastermind mentoring program that exists what happened is we get together on the. Third. Saturday of every month in person in.

San. Diego and. I literally just like. I did yesterday morning.

I go around the room. I say. Bob what do you want to learn. Bob what do you want to learn it's probably.

Andy. Andy what do you want to learn. Kate what do you want. Jen what do you want and.

I write everything on the board and. I look. At where they all kind of intersect. I find the connecting threads.

I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep you go off into the world to apply what you've learned and come back the. Next month and.

I go right. Over again. Peter what do you want to learn. Jerry what do you want to learn.

Steve and what do you want to learn. Jeff what do you want to learn right. I'm on the board. I create the lesson plan on the spot and we drill on that stuff until you own and you go back out into the world okay.

It's a skill building workshops okay. And just like my meetups. I'd videotape every single session okay. I don't edit them along.

But all those videos and the ones we have a backlog of one that we haven't transcoded. But we have them. But most of those videos are archived on the. NLP power website and all of the ongoing paid mastermind members have unfettered access to all of those archives if you go to this page and click on the link on that page you will be taken to a special account creation page and for 30 days you will have unlimited unfettered no-strings-attached access to the entire five years of video archive ok.

For free if you okay. That's my gift to you time actually are you in my mastermind you're in. So you're in and yeah it's and you really. So she can tell you it's and we keep adding to it every single month.

I'm not probably have another years worth of stuff that needs to go up there okay. It's free no. Strings attached 30 days tried. I'm also putting it because when we when we set up this link initially something happened in the.

NLP power website that would not let people create an account kept saying throughout this username already exists these people had never heard of me before right. And. I couldn't even do it from within the. WordPress site.

So. I redirected the page to my stealth enosis website and. I included access to my instant conversation on the gnosis crash course that hidden laws of attraction. So when you log in you'll have access to my conversation this is crash course which has all the language patterns in it that.

I teach in the. CPI system the basic ones as well as my hidden laws of attraction course which will have the great room the seven the five principles of lucky people everything that. I covered and a whole lot more. But everything.

I touched on this weekend you have access to the full training okay. So that's my way of saying thank you for just being you and come out supporting us and doing what we do also you know that. I'm everybody who has come to one of my workshops is entitled to a free 30-minute consultation with me all you got to do is call my clinic that number eight five eight four eight one one four three eight and if you got stuff you want to work on in terms of now that it's not a therapy session. So.

I'm not going to fix your problem necessarily right. But what it is it's an evaluation it's a way for you to pick my brain we need to get to know you to find out if anything. I do anything. I have to offer are actually if your problem or your issues are the things you want to resolve is a fit for my methods if it is.

Then we can sit down and we can outline strategies for getting you moving in those directions now whether it's a professional consultation maybe got a client that you're working with you want some input on or you got some issues you want to work on or maybe you just want some coaching and marketing or persuasive copier or whatever right. It doesn't really matter it's your thirty minutes right. And. Then depending on on what we learn from our discussion together if we want to move forward and work together.

Then we can do that if. I can help you. I'll tell you if. I can't help you.

I'll tell you that too. I don't waste your time. I certainly don't waste mine. I was telling people yesterday that most hypnotist are.

So desperate for clients they will take anyone who walks in the door that is the worst way to run a business right. If you try to market to everybody you're going to market to nobody if you accept every client that walks in the door without screening them for whether what you do went there and their willingness to change is a fit you're asking for heartache and they go broke you'll get burnout in no. Time and the few clones you have marginal change at best all right. You got to screen your people right.

Make sure got a hell a lot easier and you get to be you gain a lot of insight into human beings really really quickly kind.
