Title: hrtjmJ1F3n8.txt
Video Id: hrtjmJ1F3n8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrtjmJ1F3n8

Good afternoon the morning good night wherever the part of the world you are. Merry. Christmas. Happy.

Hanukkah crazy. Kwanzaa whatever it is you're doing this is. David. Schneider and there's.

Joseph welcome to the unholy power of mastermind mentoring program brought to you this is today is a double long session. So. I hope you're strapping in and ready to rock and roll go ahead and type in the chat who we are where you're calling in from and what are your biggest questions for today today we'll start collating those for you how many we got in the chat zero right. We're up to three they missed my introduction.

I'll give it five minutes and. I'll do it again go ahead. I'll wait. Then.

I always be stoking one or what. I got yes. Okay. So just to go to what.

I was saying earlier welcome. Joe. Joe number two we were talking earlier about how there's this vibrational. Trent pattern in our master mind where eighty seventy to eighty percent of the people come in how.

First name begins with. Joe and you know that you've seen it right. Jeff and gentlemen it's crazy and we get the occasional. Fred no.

All right. So we'll just start with our basic menu for today. Sabo what do you learn erratic hypnosis we'll talk about it. I don't know what we you know that's rawness that gets people's attention really quick okay.

Hey welcome juanita erotic hypnosis - yeah she's gonna reverse the frame on your ass you're our little puppy now my wife my % were like the way you do because. I know you do your stuff different in system. David's world yeah my uniquely perverse point of view okay. And.

I'll. P stuff will just say. David style a it ever that means. David stack if they settle like that early will will see without.

Big. Willie stat right. Those how old. I am.

Anyway hey there this is. Alyssa welcome. I'm sorry. So much you name's.

Alyssa yeah like is it doesn't serve the. Jade you know not yeah no. She's my name's. Katie that's it.

I don't know every time. I see your name. I see the. Alyssa.

First on yeah. I don't know why. I called her lieutenant. I know why.

I called her. Alyssa. I don't know why. I didn't yeah when do what would you like to learn something involving energy or quantum entanglement something involving energy or quantum entanglement you know that.

I'm not a physicist energetics to do what specifically sweetie what you want to do it to utilize it don't like help people when you're working with them like. I knew you had mentioned. I saw something about really going over the. Chinese face reading and.

Then the video cut off hmm. So maybe was that on the webinar or was that okay. We can work with that yeah okay. Yeah quantum entanglements just gonna kind of happen yeah and if you think about if you think about just a little sidebar if you think about and you may not be aware of the check this is your.

First time with us. But table seeing the little report drills that we do which is mirror neuron engagement you can think of that as just as a correspondence to quantum entanglement right. It's just this it's the same phenomenon exhibiting itself on a macro instead of a quantum level yeah. I'm all about that okay.

So micro levels let's do it hey. Big. Joe. So.

I would like some ideas about things to do regularly to incorporate in my life for example like. I do the. Andy. Cuddy thing every day twice a day.

I use certain physical fitness things every day. But. I want to start integrating things that. I'm learning.

So that their habits of my life. So that they start serving me he's if. I'm not doing. I'm right.

The way that me. I know. I hopes we just reverse that what. I'm saying um actually it's.

I knew somebody. I knew that way the reason. I was reading this book. Okay.

Habits and anything else super tea weight water these neighbors always just have some and as always yes. Have some. I mean just do whatever you want to be. David it's fine.

I may say that. Oh different context my. Big. Joe.

Second help me of that just have some okay. Katie uh. So. I write time.

I think give me live in all caps. I would love to learn um. I think. I told you about.

I want to do some public speaking mostly the meetups and how to structure that. I mean. I've watched enough of your. YouTube videos to like kind of know how you structured.

But. I want to know why you say what you say in the beginning at the end and throughout just the drugs talking you should have missed you should have been here like to meetups ago. Sabo grilled me for like two hours yeah no. I [Laughter] forgot your name.

I'm sorry. I knew that. I was gonna call you eat cuz there's an eve and they're both blonde and you're. Anyway.

Annette the mighty have you been by the way. I haven't seen you in like forever just recuperating from surgeries and fun stuff okay. You know what would you like to take home besides sabah i'm sidekick is my oldest daughter would say when she was a kid instead of psychics type sidekicks if there's a trick or something to keeping my state better when i go to networking amman [Music] actually there's quite a few yeah okay. Good what if you specifically at networking yes.

Yeah okay. Bien whatever whatever have some okay. Whatever comes avoid whatever comes to mind okay. Let's talk to our online audience find out what these wonderful people want he walks with a limp there's drool please elaborate on the ways our neurology codes times gonna get deep quick okay.

What else we got. Christine. So with like face reading seeing structure of a skeleton of neck and ribs showing up on sides of nose what a person talking what does this signify on elbows down to wrist which direction does it matter if startled at risk or start out at elbow and mudra on erasing handling fear okay. Last.

I heard that the elbow doesn't stick on the face unless there's some weird anatomy class. I missed okay. It started as far as mudras for fear we can do that not a problem you're gonna have to elaborate a little you gonna have to clarify. I should say you're stuck here okay.

What else we got. Holi. Holi. Holi was like.

Polly the lady. Holi of bigelow you see huh where are you. Holley your local yeah right. She would like the foundations of face reading also and to figure out how she can get her butt here being she's close okay.

Foundations of face reading what else you got. Steven. Michael. King here we go hang on strap in a widening all our best dreams we attract the best partners customers and other things to better implement golden plan including remote quantum influence and energetically attracting resources for success ray room magic frame magic circle image cycling that's why.

I get paid the big bucks. Allegra. Allegra yes. How.

So thank you for that contribution. Allegra well she said yes. All of these the universe knows what topics to give me universe knows what topics to give you okay. And.

Then. Holly also added best calming techniques for calming down before getting on stage and she wishes she could be here and we are awesome see a theme here all right. Since this is gonna be one of the easiest ones to deal with. So we're just gonna start with.

Nanette and. Holly stuff anybody else. Christine tried to clarify the energetic. Los.

Vegas this year when we did the running hand down and up the back side of the arm okay. So running energy is what she's asking about let's this fairly easy to do that goes along with what. Juanita was asking about which was energetic stuff you're gonna see a lot of into you're gonna see a lot of integrative approaches you're gonna see us synthesizing a lot of different technologies together. Then when you do it properly you get a whole that's greater than the sum of the parts.

So. But since we want to talk everything starts with with a knowing your outcome in other words regardless of whether you're here to learn about how to control your state with your networking before you get on stage to do energetics to do you know what erotic hip especially erotic hypnosis state control is absolutely critical because if you as an erotic hypnotist don't have your state right. You're gonna creep out your clients okay. So what.

I'll do is. I'll show some clips they're a little bit long. But they'll give you a basic idea for men and for women how about how that what that looks like if you are gonna do an erotic hypnosis class. I recommend as much as possible doing a co-ed class otherwise you usually wind up with a sausagefest all right.

To use a marketing term. But. But you have to create an errand and energy in the room that is very safe and it has to be obviously safe right. But you also have to frame it as fun playful exploring erotic experiences or pleasurable experiences is okay.

In this environment. But there are still boundaries you have to really you really have to layer that in in a non-creepy way and that was the biggest challenge and one of the reasons. I only. I did a rhotic of.

Knossos trainings here in. San. Diego this is pre. TJ as well none of you guys were around for that.

But. I was the only erotic hypnosis teacher that would actually bring in demo subjects for the students right. So. I would spend two days teaching them the basics of hypnosis and everything else.

I would show them how to move them through and basically erotic hypnosis is no. Different than any other kind of hypnosis it's just a. Content shift and if we start to show some of the clips from the erotic hypnosis trainings you'll see like 50 shades of grey room right. It's actually the name of one of the videos 50m you literally see us using gray room as a pleasure derived transformation technique right.

And there's if there's a story behind that. But you'll actually be able to see that you want you to see the orgasm chair which is where. I just bring all the guys up. But.

I almost killed one guy. I thought. I killed him did you it was a prison gang he was a prison guard you'll see it you see he climaxes. So hard he literally stands up straight in the chair he keep stiffens like a carp and false face.

First he felt. So fast. I couldn't catch it which. I'm glad cuz it tried to catch him he was at least 280 pounds he'd have taken me down right.

But again you have to create you have to create an environment where those things can happen unfortunately when most people try to create that kind of an environment they usually wind up creating a creepy environment which is something you have to to be very mindful of when. I when. I used to teach erotic if gnosis here in. San.

Diego and that's kind of how people found out. I would do these things is my motto either guys heard me talk about real-world hypnosis hypnotizing people anytime anywhere for any reason well it doesn't get much more challenging than being brand-new at hypnosis bringing somebody and what we would do is we would only bring the models in on the. Last day and these ladies knew it was there with their look. They were going to a neurotic hypnosis training they were going to be my assistants half of them couldn't spell hypnosis they had never been hypnotized before they didn't know anybody in the room and they were all extremely attractive.

So there's nothing that scares a man more than having to say talk to an attractive woman get them feeling safe enough to want to explore erotic phenomena with them and. Then hypnotized them to do it right. And that's what. I did to these guys.

I little. I would like once the session started. I was literally like a traffic cop right. And and they had to end it they were told going in he have to be authentic responses if their guy's not not doing the job you tell him and.

So we did that for four or five. I wouldn't say four or five years we've been at it we did it a good three years and. But after a while the person who was acting as the agent for the models started to get more and more unreliable to the point where he wasn't even telling the girls why they were there and. I.

I couldn't. I couldn't stomach that and we just turned into the program. But. Seth will tell you because he was at all of them and believe it or not guess who was the most popular hypnotist.

Seth. I gotta say. Steve you know the. First the.

First erotic hypnosis training. I did. I actually did invite. Steve peat right.

I never did it again okay. Because he literally terrified the women in. Oregon it was it was a very it was a traumatic for me to watch right. But it was a very powerful learning experience because he.

Steve is right. About a lot of things. I don't like his methods right. But it was very it was very educational to see that.

I think we still have if people want to study that's that particular scene it's worth studying as an as an academic process. I would never teach an erotic hypnosis class in that way again in terms of needle wanted to as. Steve. But in terms of seeing how people operate whether in there and the point of view they're coming from it was like naughty/nice.

I was mister nice he was like caveman right. And and it was it was educational. But yeah it was and. Steve outside of when he's not in his.

Steve. P persona is actually a really nice intelligent guy even though he dresses like he's a fifty year old it actually probably did 70s now seven-year-old. X biker. But.

But it was educational. But what. I what. I took.

Away from that experience was a we need to get people real-world ready we need to also set the context that erotic hypnosis is not seduction erotic hypnosis presupposes that you're in you have a relationship with somebody who's willing to explore these things with you my approach erotic hypnosis is not lifestyle in other words we're not going into consensual slavery we're not doing bondage and domination that kind of stuff there are whole teachers out there that devote their entire curriculum to those things that's really not where. I was going with with my approach to erotic hypnosis. But it was the ability to expand your repertoire of sensual experience and. Then utilize those energies in those states for advance change work alchemy things like that and that's kind of where we went with it because.

I've been a sexual alchemy practitioner pretty much since a teenage since. I was in my teens. So. I've been doing that for quite a while that's probably the reasons.

I look. A little younger than the average bear in spite of the big gray [ __ ] in my mustache and beard mr.wai. I'd never wear it because. I look.

Like years old. But be that as it may everything goes back to state control okay. So one of the things that we need to understand when we are going to go speak to people is we need a power poses can help. But many times we have a lot of excess energy and we have to reframe that energy our body starts to go through arousal and we think all.

I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared it and it's actually not fear you see your body always generates us an entero receptive response in other words you have a body feeling before you have an emotion okay. Your neurology uses context to name the emotion you understand that.

So the moment. I enter a situation it generates a body feeling now my brain looks at the situation. I'm in it sorts through its files it finds the closest match and plugs that string of memories to it. So one of the fastest ways that you can begin the process of changing that response or actually channeling that response is to give it a new name.

But in order for you to give it a new name you. First have to detach it from the old name okay. The the best book. For for this information is a book.

Called how emotions are made and it's how emotions are made it's a little dry yes. It's called how emotions are made again. I remember too it's on our reading list and again it offers an alternative an alternative theory to how emotions are created and processed in the brain what the prevailing theory in terms of emotion is that there's memories that they're stored it'll rain emotions are stored somewhere in the. Rings when.

I have a fear response it's gonna its brain is going to go is going to access this file the opposite fear says that no. We don't store them we create them in the moment okay. And there's always several components to it. First there's the the actual experience at the event that triggers the context and environment.

Then there. Anantara receptive response in other words internal body feeling that is generated okay. So think of that is your paleo cortex acting and. Then it's going to start to search through contact it's going to look.

At the environment it's going to look. At what's going on and it's going to do a trans derivational search for all the different times that similar processes have happened and the feelings connected to it and. Then it's going to use that as a guide to label the feeling you're currently having. So this is also useful of people who are chronically like hyper empathic and they don't know how to turn it up shut it off.

So the. First thing is the minute you notice the entire receptive response you have to stop and ask yourself a question what else could this be what else could this be what else could this mean the act of asking the question this identifies you from the entire receptive sensation the feeling and the minute you ask that question your brain must answer the question well it could be excitement it could be anticipation right. Because if you think about fear excitement arousal anticipation they're all very similar aren't they. But they have a very different effect on what how you behave right.

Remember when you're getting ready to go on stage it doesn't mean you're afraid it means you're excited it means your system is building up energy for you to use right. That's what's happening. So that's one of the. First things a the power pose helps right.

But now if you if you take this this idea of just disconnecting and. Then reframing and. Then you'll fly it to the power of pose now you can now it become something you have you can channel instead of something you have to fight you understand the difference we never fight emotions we channel them we manage them okay. You're not gonna you're not going to necessarily.

I shouldn't say always. But as a rule especially in at high levels of arousal you're not going to quell by denying it you have to you have to merge with it and glide and guide it and navigate it from within like surfing okay. Same thing in interpersonal communication when somebody comes at you and anger you can't get angry back and expect to get anywhere you can't necessarily be placating either and expect to gain alliance what you need to do is you need to get mad at the same thing they're mad at and create an alignment and. Then and.

Then if you just go a little bit more to that extreme than they are they calm you down all right. It's a very it's a very it's very subtle conversational technique. But it requires that you have enough situational awareness and the ability to control your state because if you can't control your state you're not gonna control anybody else's. But they'll happily control it for you okay.

So that's the. First thing another thing that you can do is exercise if you have a lot of excess energy and it doesn't make you glisten too much. I know we're talking to ladies here do some push-ups jog in place for ten five or ten minutes right. You'll find that that burning off of that excess energy a it actually amplify the your auric field.

But it'll also balance out that excess charge right. So if it's possible for you to do that kind of exercise do it right. So now you have three you have your. PEC you.

First of all assume a physiology of the state you want to be and be you have your polarity drills most of you most of you know what. I mean when. I say polarity drills right. So you have those those are things you should be doing all the time right.

The more you do the polarity drills when you don't need them the less you'll need them out in the field because your state will automatically be more balanced you'll become more aware of when you're shifting those states. So you can nip them before they become a when it's a tiny pebble versus an avalanche and that's what we want we want to go as far up that domino. Effect of of sequences in the body as we can okay. So again event happens body feeling happens environment context label cade that's.

So we want to break that right. Off the bat and the minute we become aware that we're feeling quote afraid what else could this be right. Does that help okay. Okay.

Have fear issues you could just practice going through situations ever leading up to that and make that change just practice it over and over over there's all kinds of things you could do the thing is you have to yeah you have to break them from being lumped into that label fear right. You could tell them what you know and it sometimes they'll go south on you'll say they'll say. I'm before. I feel.

I'm afraid. I go what else could this be goes terror right. Probably not useful right. But.

Then you can go into reframing. So if you come to see pi/3 and we talked about sleight of mouth patterns you can do a just a redefine you said well it's not that you're afraid it's just that you're very excited about the process just a simple redefine you know conversationally can have tremendous impact it's not that you're afraid is that your body is getting ready it's building up energy to perform better right. It's not. X it's.

Y right. So all the reframing patterns become extremely useful once we understand how to montt how to disk it with it that we're trying to disconnect the intera receptive feeling from the label right. And again once you once you reconnect them to a more useful label all the context in which they were excited and utilized it become available to them they have access to those resources whereas if they go into the fear resource well fear tends to release you from resources it tends to move you in a very different direction not that fear isn't useful it's exceedingly useful. But you have to know what context is useful right.

Just as an example one of my good. I say. I don't actually. I don't know.

I would say we're good friends. But we're coming becoming better friends because we were moving in the same circles now and he's been studying my work for a long time. I didn't realize it was chase. Hughes creator of the ellipsis manual and.

Chase's approach comes from the the tradecraft side of the even influencer spectrum where it's very tactical and largely merciless and. So one of the things that happens in in the ellipsis approach or they call it. Q prime is they're gonna they're gonna target your emotional weaknesses and push your buttons your emotional weakness. But to get you to do things.

I'm not a big fan of that approach to influence. I'm more the stick. I'm more the caret kind of person than the stick. But they're very much all you are is a big bag of chemicals and electricity and.

So everything they do is going to stimulate a dopamine release or a dope energic release and they're gonna you're gonna behave appropriately very very useful stuff. But again not as heart-centered as some of the approaches that we get. But on its answer. But it does work and that's the thing you need to understand is that both approaches work it's just which side of the fence do you want to play on and you should understand and know how to use both because if you can't use it you're not going to recognize it you're not going to know how to defend against it necessarily right.

Because a lot of the techniques that that are employed in that side are to keep you psychologically and emotionally off-balance. So you can't think about what's being done to you probably one of the best overt examples of that kind of lack of a better word mind-fucking if you ever seen the. Darren brown show where he where he convinces somebody to commit murder yeah okay. It's it's it's painful to watch.

But it's structurally principally accurate how you would do it a lot of con men and con artists use this same approach one of the things that should always flag you is if people come at you and they're trying to accelerate the relationship process right. If within 10 minutes 15 20 minutes of meeting you you know you're my friends right. That's flag right. There right.

Because that's one of the things that that predators like to do is they like to accelerate that emotional bonding process artificially and. Then because they're keeping you emotionally off-balance and creating certain contacts you start to become more suggestible cuz you're in a slight state of confusion right. So be very very wary of people trying to rush you to do things right. Especially one-on-one right.

Is that useful is that enough for state control did we we beat that to death okay. So we've got a kami was asking about erotic hypnosis nonverbal signs and man is interested men are very obvious they're looking well and their tongue is usually enough. First of all the problem with men is that you have to stop thinking of them like women and that's the problem it's a it's a it's a phenomena in in psychology and. I think we.

I think we have it in medicine too. But we'll talk about it's called projection projection happens when. I take what. I think those the way the world is supposed to be and the way.

I do things and. I project that on to you as if that's how you do it to is if that's how you see the world as well and one of the biggest problems we have in relationship work on a. Second you're supposed to moved in one of the problems that we have in pretty with men and women is we're projecting our coding systems and our reference points on to the other gender and wonder why they're not picking it up and the way that manifests in terms of. Attraction is that women are extremely extremely biologically evolutionarily culturally adept at picking up subtle emotional cues gives them a tremendous benefit in interpreting social interactions it's also the thing that holds them back because by and large the average man is not trained enough to perceive the subtleties of female communication and.

So what happens is as a result we miss 80 to 90 percent of the attraction cues you're sending out that are obvious to every woman in the place okay. Conversely and. I'm leading up to this car. So don't worry conversely well the time am and approach we approach.

So blatantly and. So clumsily from a woman's perspective that it's an off it's off-putting. So most of the time you've written us off as either beta males not interested or completely clueless which is the one that the. Third one is usually the latter right.

We didn't even know you were signaling we didn't know we just didn't know okay. So when a man is interested he's a if he keeps looking at you in a non-creepy way okay. If you got that serial-killer stare probably not a good thing if you find if you find him hovering in the area. But not approaching chances are he's interested.

But terrified okay. If you see a guy start to walk towards you. Then veered towards the restroom well maybe not women are more likely to bump into than men unless it's unless it if. I'm if a man bumps into you it's conscious.

But it's deliberate if a woman bumps into you it's unconscious. But still deliver it understand women used incidental touches as a way to gauge safety they want to see what you're gonna do about it okay. So it can be women do not touch people they don't like they don't even acknowledge the presence of people they don't like. So if a woman's giving you any kind of [ __ ] it's probably oh he's probably interested and she's now testing to see just where to plug you into her world view.

But. Ezreal if you've ever been around a woman who does not like you you you your non person you like you could be standing behind them and the temperature around you drop to like 70 below right. And she's talking to everyone around you just she just doesn't see you that's what women do they systematically eliminate people they don't like from their environment. But they will play in other words they will they will they will bust your balls to see if you're worth while to see if you play back right.

And unfortunately because guys are very linear thinkers we don't understand that it's a test we think they don't like us right. It all starts on the playground. I have videos on this right. But look.

For a lot of as far as gauging if a man is interested in you hey does he approach hey does he give you eye contact. First and foremost when he gives you eye contact and you smile does he smile back let's make it very obvious all right. Most men are fairly easy to read okay. The question becomes when they're interested in to you why are they interested in you right.

And that's one of the readings that one of them one of the classes. I taught out in. Las. Vegas was defense against the dark arts how to sort for social credit hello you looking for dr.

Don she's gonna be in the opposite room yep and we talked about a system called flags which stands for focus lifestyle groups and associations this is not a nice system here's what. I mean by that this is something you do to somebody after you've met them or before you meet them to profile them to figure out are they potential predator are they who they say they are what have you it's from a book. The author's name is. Wendy.

Patrick. Wendy. Patrick was the one of the assistant district attorney deputy district attorney in charge of prosecuting sex crimes and. So she wrote a couple of books based on the psychological profiles and patterns for how to profile these kinds of people everything from human traffickers to pimps to sexual predators con men drifters things like that.

So when you look. At people you want to look. At their focus what is there for that what are they focused on and this goes again this is something we can use for gauging attraction and interest. But it also allows us to go a little bit deeper in that figuring out what their motivation is right.

So the. First thing we want to look. At when somebody approaches you what is their focus are they focused on your money are they focused on your appearance are they focused on sex do they drop a lot of sexual languaging in the hey guys in the interaction right. These are things that you know to get a little bit more dark when you're looking at someone playing with your child what are they focused on are they focused on the activity the children is engaged in are they focused on the child predominantly if they're focused more on the child itself one exact okay.

And these are things you have to you have to gauge. But that's one of the big the big ones is focus lifestyle when you go to their. Facebook. Pages and you go to their their their social media what kind of pictures show up are there a lot of selfies what kind of selfies alright.

What kind of musics do the groups do they listen to what you know these are things that people don't think about. But a lot of social predators spend a lot of time engineering write associations right. What do you know where do they go wouldn't you know these are things you want to look. At right.

And and. I get. Wendy's book. Red flags it's a great user friendly guide on the psychology of.

Attraction okay. Oh man once she's approached a man is gonna try to be cool he's gonna try and impress you some way right. The average man is gonna try to impress you some way they're gonna be a little bit probably gonna be a little bit nervous look. At their look.

At their pupils if the pupils are dilated one of two things is going on he's either really really into you or terrified right. The way you figure out which is which is you look. At his feet if there's a puddle he's really scared right. Is this useful.

Kara okay. I'm sorry [Music] any answers any alien people coming in all right. Well those of you who are just who've been logged in for a while and haven't voiced a question when would now be a good time to do that type in your name where you're coming in from what are your biggest questions if we have time we'll get to we're here until 6:00. So if you if we do break out into groups and things like that.

I recommend. Holly is. Holly. Bigelow online okay.

Recommend you reach out either on a zoom room or something like that and practice together okay. Let's see here thank you welcome did that help came in now for smart men and some women oh there's a me find this for you guys people watch no. It's too long there's a there's a video on the. YouTube channel called the mating dance and what it is is it's the seven discreet body language phases that couples go through and they're moving from stranger to intimacy through five of the seven steps the meant of the woman is leading the dance the idea behind that in those phases is that if a man is socially adept enough to read those stages he knows exactly where he stands in her world in that moment and.

So when she when she when there's a certain key points in that dance there's only one or two things he has to do if he does it effectively they can be going home in as little as 20 minutes okay. Usually takes a little bit longer. But in the studies that. I've read about it 20 minutes was like one of the this sort hours just like three magic questions when three magic questions is done properly you can generate intense attraction in connection or you can venue change into lillas 20 minutes most people take a little bit longer.

I recommend going slower right. Because men are linear thinkers were very process-oriented are actually outcome oriented goal-oriented women are more process oriented. So like when you're getting ready to take a woman to dinner you're thinking about the sex at the end of the dinner right. Cuz that's dessert right.

Is that that's you know that's the that's the meal that's the main course is the sex know when women prepare for for an event the sex is the dessert everything from getting ready to getting the pickup it's all there immersed in the process of it. So when you stop being outcome driven getting to the sex and started becoming immersed in the process the sex will tend to take care of itself okay. Be focused on being present and having as much fun as possible before that connect and you're gonna find that you're gonna you're gonna get where you want to be for both of you faster okay. It's ironic that men and women both want the same things they just want them in a different order and that's one of them again that goes to projection because we assume that when we treat a woman the way we want to be treating now and that's the uncomfortable part about social influence work is that we all have a natural way that we do things it's organic to us.

But to be the most influential we can be we have to modify either to a little bit or to a greater degree what we do and how we do it to fit what's natural for the other person and that's why you have to be very careful because you can do that. But you have to keep doing it. So there's a saying. I think it was from a dating coach.

Annie. Lala who actually married. Evan pagan. I think she.

I tribute this saying to her. I might have been another dating coach. But she said basically relationships that work tend to work from the start in other words your values and criteria matches your. Metta programs match your your mo year your credit scores match that's actually a thing right.

Credit scores are big indicator of long-term relationship success who knew right. So yes. You can and that's one of the things that you'll see with a lot of imposter dating con men grifters predators narcissist is they'll play a great role until they've got you and. Then they'll pull the switch it'll be a very subtle process at.

First right. But it's a process okay. That being said it is 10:43. I think it's a good time to take a break.

I will reconfigure my brain and will will go in a lot before. I eat before we break. Steven and. Veronica what would you like to learn.

I would like to go to maybe practice. Bankston method with. David tweaks to it because. I'm going into surgery.

Next week okay. And the other things that. I'm interested in is the the energetics the mirror neurons the entanglement the vibration you must have meeting wanita stuff maybe you didn't because it's not there. Juanita was asking about that no.

I wasn't angling how's that what you okay. Yeah how weird you know and. I have it on video. Veronica we do have a little bit more information.

I'm a metaphor metaphors yeah that's. Joe he's an expert now. I need to know. I need to know a little bit more about what you want to know about metaphors what do you wanna be able to do structuring you okay.

Use of a metaphor of story of the story use as a metaphor most all stories are metaphors the question is is. But not all metaphors or stories that's what. I want to know the difference that's why. I'm asking experience since she brought it up about well how do you what do you think about isomorphic metaphors.

I think they're awesome do you use them all the time all the time all the time. I've never. I've taught it extensively on isomorphic metaphors at the. CPI training yeah.

But. Then. I also showed them anthropomorphic metaphors which was fun. I'm talked about tomato plants having feelings and having conversations with cold man radish and.

Captain. Potato. Head okay. All right.

So let's take a 15-minute break we'll come back at eleven o'clock and we'll jump into more stuff [Music].
