Title: Hidden Laws Of Attraction: Secrets for Manifesting Anything You Desire!
File Name: hsidUBXrSZQ.txt
Video Id: hsidUBXrSZQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsidUBXrSZQ

Hello hello hello my friends this is. Dr. David. Snider checking in with you welcome to.

Hidden. Laws of. Attraction forgotten secrets for manifesting. Success health wealth and happiness or anything else your little heart desires over the.

Next two and a half to three hours. I'm going to be sharing with you some of the most powerful often forgotten and overlooked secrets to manifesting the life you want the way that you want it. But we're going to be doing it through the lens of how your autonomic nervous system actually interfaces both with your everyday world and the the quantum for lack of a better word now. I should uh warn you guys up front uh this.

I. I'm a a teacher who thrives on audience participation and interaction um there is no. Fluff in this webinar everything that. I'm going to be sharing with you.

I can back up either through. Real. World experience the experience of my students and my clients uh the the. Neuroscience the physics yada yada yada okay.

The best part about tonight's webinar is you don't have to believe anything that. I'm going to share with you tonight all you actually really have to do is have a a great attitude a sincere desire to have fun uh do the drills and get the skills and. I will lead you through experiences after experiences after experiences that will teach you how to unleash the true power inside of your autonomic nervous system and all the other divisions connected to it that being said before we get into the the body of tonight's content uh a couple of things uh. First and foremost if you are brand new to.

Planet. David and uh from the from the look. In the chats and stuff like that there are quite a few please type your name where you're checking in from and how you found us most importantly what is it you want to take away from tonight if you if you came away with uh you know nothing else. But from.

But. But the from the byproduct of this training other than that what would it be you know what is it you most want and need and desire you know it's funny when. I was thinking about this uh when. I was thinking about this um the content for this webinar uh and.

I was coming up with the the subtitle how to manifest anything you desire. I don't know how many of you guys are. Geeks like me. But there was a.

I shouldn't even be saying this. But there was this show called. Lucifer where you know. Lucifer comes down and he's just they turned him into a good guy basically.

But my point is is that he would always go up to be like what is it you desire right. And. I just just kind of weird coming out like that. But the secret to one of the secrets and this is again one of the.

First things that. I want you all to embrace um regardless of where you're at on the manifestation spectrum is this concept of fun playfulness and high vibrations one of the biggest challenges that we have when we're going to start to manifest things is we get locked into serious mode we get locked into this. I need. I want.

I have and that's not the optimal vibrations for manifestation okay. Um. Mickey in. Miami hi.

David miss you hope to meet you in person soon my expectation refresh my. M hi. Mickey. I.

Remember. You. The. Mighty padas as.

I recall right. All right. Uh. I want to.

CH. I want to manifest. DJ gigs my okay. Those are all good things okay.

So. First of all let me just shout out to my. YouTubers everybody joining us on. YouTube.

I love you and uh one of the things. I want to let you know right. Off the bat um for our. YouTubers is that your chat is in real time.

But the video when. I if. I respond to a question or something like that there's a delay. So you're just going to have to factor that in for those of you uh in the zoom chat here um let me just get my um my chat should be enabled and.

I just want to make sure that. I have your chat open. So that. I can see both chats uh.

I do love questions the problem with questions is sometimes the questions. I get ask take me off in different directions and. So here's how tonight is going to go. First and foremost uh if you have a question please ask it.

I love questions um. But. I will only answer questions directly that pertain to exactly where we're at in the content of tonight's webinar and will not move us in a different direction or or or not delay too long the. Second thing is if you do have questions keep asking them in the chat and this is where.

I'm going to bring in my. Second my. Second string of uh support is uh all my veterans all the people who've been be bopping around. Planet.

David for longer than three four five six months who've been using these skills and going out in the world and and and creating literal miracles in their life go ahead and type your name your chat how long you've been in. Planet. David. I want you knew people especially to pay attention to who saying hey that's me in the chat because if.

I don't answer your question if you continue to ask the question in the chat they will answer your question if they have a a direct experience of solving that problem using our. Technologies that being said our webinar if you're if you're used to um like the standard 90-minute webinar where it's more like pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch um that is probably not what you're going to get tonight um we divide our webinars uh into very three specific uh phases everything is very heavy on content and what. I mean by content is we're going to give you hardcore real world actionable stuff that you can start applying right. Away um whether you.

T whether you take away from the offer tonight or not and what. I mean by that is there's. I'm gon if this is the scope of everything that there is to learn regarding manifestation and. Law of.

Attraction and there's a lot here you know we have time for this. So. I'm going to promise you one thing in the three phases of tonight's training. I'm going to give you as many experiences as.

I can. I'm. GNA unlock for you as many doors and connect as many dots as humanly possible and. I'm going to teach you as much as.

I can during that time and. Then. I will point you in the direction of where to go to level up your skills and and get the full the full shebang as far as programs that we offer you know for this particular application if that's if that's all right. With you is that a fair is that a fair trade to just take you as far as.

I can and give you as many actionable real world things as possible and show you how to level up if that's true for you go ahead and type that's fair. I'm. I'm up for that in the chat. So.

I know faith says love. Planet. David have been on the planet for several years. I've purchased many programs recently did the healing intensive awesome stuff very good uh.

Sid from. Orange. County. Finally got to watch live good to be here uh hey.

Edie good to see you uh. Mickey in. Miami all right. And we got tons of people in the in the.

YouTube chat. Sebastian says. I'm up to it very good now. I'm gonna tell you right.

Now that. I am big on audience participation. So if. I ask you a question.

I want you to answer it enthusiastically and like you really want to be here and like you really want to learn this stuff because this is again one of the things that we have to understand if we want to tap into the power of our own neurology we have to understand the power of. State we have to understand the power of vibration and frequency and feeling and how that all relates okay. I'm going to do my best to kind of bring that all together in a very easy simple way for you tonight. But.

I want to do it in an experiential way. I want to guide you through drill after drill where you start to see feel the changes happening your body. So you can understand why for many of us the. Law of.

Attraction isn't working okay. That being said let's uh. I want to make sure you get the most out of tonight's webinar. So make sure that you have things to write on make sure you have things to write with make sure that you have uh a good supply of caffeinated or otherwise energizing substances and and whatever substance you do desire that stimulates the release of oxytocin in the body we like to use chocolates um.

But you might use avocados you might use lots of group hugs uh if you're feeling really body um the highest dose of oxytocin is released during orgasm. I don't really want to know if you're using that particular method tonight um. But while. I'm on that note let me just be up front and say if.

Politically. Incorrect me language uh colorful metaphors swearing or the word boobies offend you this is probably not the best you see. Next two or three hours this this webinar is probably going to go a bit long longer than most webinars. So we're going to phase one of of of the webinar is going to be where our foundations phase this is where we go over are you in the right.

Place what do you need to know what do you maybe is missing from your approach to understanding. The. Law of. Attraction and how do you put these things together we're going to lay foundations that will change everything for you and make it easy for you in phase two we're going to go we're going to show you ways to level up your skill sets we're going to show you uh the packages we've put together the training programs and opportunities that are available that takes about 30 45 minutes depending on you know how many people have questions and things of that nature.

Then comes phase three phase three is the applications and customization phase. So what do. I mean by that in phase three all the the regular administrative stuff is aside. I've shown you where to go to level up now we're going to spend the rest of the webinar together.

Drilling and. Skilling we're going to focus on the specific applications that you as a group want to learn we're going to go through drill after drill after drill. I'm going to answer questions. I'm going to guide you through experiences.

So you can realize just how powerful the technologies that you're getting are. So some of the things that we're going to be covering is how to our psychological tips for reprogramming your subconscious mind removing blocks to your success getting rid of negative emotions and how to program your mind for unlimited health success wealth and happiness now um one of the things that. I want to talk about really really quickly as we get into the content of tonight's webinar. First of all.

I don't like. PowerPoints. I understand the use of them um. But.

I like to talk to you. So. First and foremost are you in the right. Place if you can answer yes.

To any of these questions. Then you are in the right. Place tonight. First and foremost um how many of you would like to become super attractive to not only the opposite sex money health wealth success and prosperity if you'd like to manifest more of the good stuff go ahead and type that's me in the chat if you'd like to be able to banish fear and insecurity worry anxiety from your life to move through the world in a state of comfort and composure and confidence right.

To remove all that all those entities and crap out of your system go ahead and type that's me in the chat if you'd like to pull in more money make more money from your job book. More clients for your business or get that razor promotion you know you deserve go ahead and type that in the chat right. Now right. If.

You' like to have people thinking feeling and acting exactly the way you want them to. So that they naturally follow your lead go ahead ahead and type that in the chat that's on the agenda tonight because. So many of the things. I'm going to share with you are double duty we just finished um our our latest killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis class and it was an amazing class killer influence for those of you who aren't familiar with it is ranked the number one.

NLP training program in the world um and it's designed to allow you to move through the world uh generating a field around you basically that makes people just like you trust you want to be around you and give you stuff and as some of the students started to discover about two or three days into the training people just started giving them stuff right. Free passes to for dinners and and free fruits and all kinds of cool stuff right. We're going to show you how to get that kind of power and. Then take it even further okay.

Uh if you'd like to learn how to protect yourself from manipulation and we're going to talk and when. I say protect ourselves you know when. I talk about. Law of.

Attraction stuff this question inevitably comes up the question goes like this. David if. I want to manifest a million dollars how do. I know it's not going to.

I'm not going to manifest that million dollars from something bad happening to somebody else. I'm going to show you a way that you can do that some of you may like it some of you may think it's kind of weird. But if you do if you add this one or two elements to some of the manifestation practices that you have. Then you can be sure that you're not use you're not using the law of attraction in a way that's going to generate negative.

Karma if you believe in that kind of thing how many people here actually believe in in that karma is a thing anybody go ahead and type that in the chat say. I believe oh yes. Math says. Bob.

Martin says yes. Right. Anybody here think it's that's okay. Too.

I believe right. No. BS okay. And of course says it doesn't matter whether you believe in karma it's whether.

Karma believes in you all right. Okay. Good. So.

I'm going to show you a way to hack that. So you can uh manifest things in a way that is not going to attract you. Karma we'll save that for part three of tonight's webinar okay. Uh primarily because there's a practice that uh.

I need to teach you for that to be uh an option for you and there's a couple things that have to be in place for you to be able use that option. So we we'll save that toward the the cherry on the. Sunday. So to speak um.

So how many people would like to be uh to track yourself with the right. Kind of friends and family and maybe not not the family you're. Bor. But the family you choose that's also on the table all right.

So the. I guess the. First question would be is okay. Why who the hell is.

David. Snider and why the hell should. I care how many of you. I'm going to go to my.

PowerPoint here really quick just. So you. I can give you guys the brief. Rend down and.

Then. I'll get out of it as quick as. I can. So who is.

Dr. David. Snider and why should. I care well.

First of all. I am an actual doctor of. Chinese acupuncture and. Oriental medicine uh.

I've been in private practice here in salana. Beach since 2005 my specialty in the clinic has been treating physiological illness that is caused by repressed emotion now let me you know people might be wondering well what what the hell does that have to do with love manifestation guys everything you see disease is a product of negative manifestation that's what 15 16 17 years of clinical practice dealing with. Parkinson's and cancer and uh. Ms and um pretty much any form of chronic illness you can think of has taught me human beings are manifestation machines and the problem is is that if you don't know the.

Dynamics of your own own system you will manifest into existence every conceivable illness that is in alignment with the vibrational. Fields you're carrying around in your body that was the bulk of my work now it took. Me a while to realize. I mean to really make the connection between the.

Law of. Attraction and disease and once. I did it was like oh my. God everybody's good at manifesting they just don't know what they're doing if they just understood the.

Dynamics of what they were doing they could manifest different things better okay. And that's kind of was my big. Epiphany and. So.

I want to share these insights with you. So you can start taking positive control of of your manifestation machine which is your body your mind and your autonomic nervous system um. I've also authored over 15 different products on various forms of human influence persuasion and healing. I've all you know from hypnotherapy courses to vibrational and remote influence courses uh.

I'm working on a full curriculum now of integrated mystical mysticism training it's about a three or four four year program we'll probably launching that maybe um 2005 we'll see. But um um my programs have been named the number one programs of their kind in. NLP for the. Last four years as you can see here this is a a slide from uh.

Global gurus. org where. I was named the number one. NLP trainer of the year in 2020 and the course uh killer influence as you see here this a letter from. Global gurus was named the number one.

NLP training program for the. Last four years. So. I'm really excited.

I'm really proud because some of the information that. I'll be sharing with you tonight is drawn from these award these these number one courses okay. And this is again uh our ranking. So you can see that also uh.

I've been a lifelong martial artist. I've. Grandmaster 10th degree black belt and. Ruku.

Kempo. Karate 43 black belt. Shin. Kow these are all things.

I've manifested in my life. I'm going to jump down to the bottom here um when it comes to energy work uh hermetic skills practitioner. I've been studying hermetics for a very very long time and and that is basically manifestation on steroids. I've been a raiki master teacher since before raiki was cool uh.

I've been studying cabala since before. Madonna ever heard of cabala. So. I'm very much a premadonna um.

I've been an advanced pronic healer and pronic psychotherapist. Advanced. DNA th healer. Banks and energy healing and.

I'm actually working on a doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine medical chiong to be specific which has a huge amount of manifestation and advanced mystical training attached to it along with the the class medical stuff. So what do all these things have in common with the law of attraction vibrational. State and pattern recognition the two things that you'll you you're going to have to learn to manipulate manage and modify is how to control your own vibrational.

State and the ability to recognize patterns in your life okay. We'll talk about those as we get deeper and deeper into these um into these processes. But this is where the everything comes together right. Um.

So are you in the right. Place absolutely right. If you answered yes. To any of the questions.

I asked. Then you are in the right. Place because there are no. Accidents if you're ready to take the randomness out of your manifestation work if you're ready to remove blocks to your success to get over limiting beliefs to attract love health wealth success and more um you're in the right.

Place if you're ready to take your life to the. Next level and become the best version of yourself. I want to introduce you um to what we've got going on this is what you're going to get if you stay. I'm going to jump out on my.

PowerPoint because can just read it's better to look. At my lovely face as. I read this to you if you stay with me tonight and you follow my instructions. I'm going to teach you the fastest most powerful way to reprogram your mind and magnetize yourself for unlimited success health wealth and happiness.

I'm going to teach you the real. Laws of. Attraction now let me be clear most of us move through the world thinking that the law of attraction is just you will attract into your life whatever is in harmony with your dominant vibrations or your dominant thoughts yes. And no.

The. Law of. Attraction true law of attraction and true manifestation works because it's the operation of multiple laws at the same time okay. And if you don't know what these laws are and there's different laws at different levels they can all be summed up and you will attract what's in harmony with your vibration and your dominant thoughts.

But what makes up those dominant thoughts well there are components to that and if you understand what those components are. Then you can really hone in and modify your manifestation abilities and that's what. I want to. I want to kind of guide you through tonight is an understanding of the big picture and.

Then drill down on the the differences that make the difference if that's any kind of uh if if that makes any kind of sense okay. I'm going to teach you how to change your vibration to match what you want to attract. I'm going to teach you how to remove the blocks to your manifestation success. I'm going to teach you how to get rid of negative emotions like fear pain limiting beliefs that you may not have even realized that you had and.

Finally. I'm going to teach you the exact steps you need to take to go from interesting information to maximum manifestation abilities in the shortest amount of time possible minimum time. So if that's fair and you think that's a good a good set of programs go ahead and type that in chat say that's good let's go right. We're going to start with uh the two most important important factors for manifesting anything you want we're going to talk about the laws of mental.

Dynamics and universal laws they're not quite the same thing and ignorance of one can really screw you up okay. Body we're going to talk about body centered energy. Psychotherapy this is how your body actually processes vibration and how it's it's basically a tuning fork that sends information out into the world in harmony with what we call your vibrational signature your vibrational signature is the sum total of all the the positive energies the negative. Memories the traumas the limiting beliefs that you have they're all locked in the body or in and around the body somewhere they're all vibrating at a specific frequency and each of those frequencies has a body sensation connected to it when you put them all together you get a you get a.

Gestalt a ho that's greater than the sum of the parts and that is what goang out to the universe and that's why sometimes when you you set out to manifest something you get something that's not exactly what you wanted or it's what you wanted. But it's not giving you the feelings you thought it would have. I want to show you how to clean up that signal. I want to show you how to get it very specific very codified and how to let it go.

So it can actually manifest one of the problems that we have especially in manifestation is that we think it's a something for nothing deal we think that if. I just do this vision board or. I. I do these affirmations or.

I have this medicine bag and. I you know or or whatever meditation that. I do that the heavens are going to open and all of a sudden poof everything. I want is going to happen that happens rarely um.

But th that's those are the things that you hear about when. I was going through my my uh my more secret manifestation trainings and and we were getting into the magic and the mysticism behind. Buddhism and. DSM and.

Christianity and and cabala the one thing that kept coming up over and over and over again is that nothing is free one of my teachers um uh. Taylor. Sinclair when. I who went when.

I she was actually my uh my illuminent consultant. I would go to her trainings to learn about frequency for color and fashion you know when you look. At what. I wear what.

I wear is actually based on vibration and energy um most. I don't. I don't tell most people that. But the illuminent system is kind of a mystery.

School in that the colors they select the textures that they give you things of that nature they all have a vibrational frequency that interacts with your own field and makes you more. Dynamic it clarifies the signal that you send out to the universe now you can believe that or not. I tested this thing for years before um. I ever started telling anybody about it in my killer influences class because it's not fair it's like it just takes whatever signal you have and just out it goes right.

It's really cool how people respond to you differently. But. I want you to understand that it's about vibration and. So many things that that.

I discovered as. I was going through my journey right. Uh illuminent being the. First one face reading being the.

Second one when when. I started seeing when the. First time my teacher. Lillian.

Bridges told me that when you unpack the markings on someone's face and you unlock the emotions behind them that the face changes right. In front of you. I would from across the. SE.

Symposium room you could hear me go. M right. Well it turns out that this shit's real right. If you're face reader and for those of you who are interested in face reading we have a training coming up in.

April which. I'll. I'll tell you got us about if you want um. First time.

I started reading people's faces um. I saw the faces change right. In front of me. But what.

Lillian would do in all her trainings was she would take a before picture if you were going to do a reading with somebody she would take a before picture you would do the reading she'd take an after picture and after all the uh the the volunteers left they would she would put the faces side by side on the screen and they were different they were dramatically different same background same lighting same day 90 minutes apart half hour apart whatever it was different faces. So this idea of vibration constantly interacting with your environment is a is it's just true and and. I've had. So much confirmation in.

So many different ways and that's what led me to what. I call holographic memory. Theory and this is how um our people have been able to manifest stuff that's just patently impossible um there's an old joke. I guess it was attributed to the.

US uh core of engineers um difficult is easy impossible just takes longer that's kind of how this works if you if you really go deep dive into the systems we're going to teach you uh and there are people in here who've seen seen me manifest patently impossible stuff and. I'll tell you about some of those. But these things are very much within the realm of the possible for you if you embody the training right. If you do what do the steps necessary.

So. I want to teach you about body centered energy psychology and how that impacts your vibrational signature. I want to teach you fast acting secrets for clearing your past and creating your future and. So you can.

Finally take control of this process this manifestation process that we're learning to tap into is going on 24 hours a day seven days a week not just when you meditate not just when you're looking at your vision board not just when you're praying or whatever other practices you engage in this manifestation engine is running 24 hours a day seven days a week. So if you think about how much time you you you're you exist in the world versus the amount of time that you spend con consciously focusing on a manifestation practice which do you think has more gravitas which do you think has more weight right. And this leads us to our. First reason why sometimes the.

Law of. Attraction does not work for people how many people here have ever had the. Law of. Attraction like not work anybody type it in chat okay.

Because if and and again some people if if the. Law of. Attraction works for you all the time the way you want it to. I'm coming to your seminar okay.

I got no. I got no. Ego where that's concerned. But.

I want to. I want to talk about the big. Law of. Attraction the one that says that you will attract into your life the situations circumstances and events that are in harmony with your dominant thoughts there's a problem with that you see because most people don't know what their dominant thoughts actually are okay.

We believe believe the average human being people have been around. Planet. David for longer than six seven 10 you know longer than six to eight months they already know the answer to this statement or this question. But your dominant thoughts are not the ones you're aware of your dominant thoughts are not the little voice in your well the little voice in your head that just said what voice is connected to something deeper.

But the dominant thoughts are not what you consciously think about the dominant thoughts that are running your life are the ones below the threshold of conscious awareness that are on an auto pilot they're like an autoplay like an endless loop okay. Um we talk about limiting beliefs in law of attraction and manifestation one of the things we need to understand about beliefs just like dominant thoughts you have beliefs that you know about and you have beliefs that you do not know about as is. So often the case it's the beliefs you don't know about that undermine your success now if we can be begin to find beliefs we don't know about we can start to change them okay. So.

I often tell people about um most people go through life with the equivalent of a jet engine and an anchor strapped to their back and most people who are in. The. Law of. Attraction they're always trying to put more thrust or more fuel in the jet engine okay.

Well the problem with the anchor is that it creates drag right. You have the an you have the jet engine you have the anchor well the more thrust the faster you try to go the more drag you put on the anchor. But if all we did was cut the anchor you'd take off like a rocket and. So one of the things that we need to do is we need to clean up our frequencies we need to clean up our vibrations and.

Then we need to create a platform or a a method for talking to the part of you that runs all of this manifestation machine we call the human being okay. We're going to. So to just begin that. Journey the.

First thing. I want us to do is. I want to talk about um the two most important factors for. Success if.

I can would that be okay. Okay. Uh let me go. I'm going to go to my my um my.

PowerPoint here here we go all right. I'm going to show you the. Powerpoint really quick um. SC.

SC okay. Here we go uh is that it all right. Factor number one identity in order for you to manifest the things you want you have to have an identity and a belief system that says it's okay. To have it.

So what kind of beliefs are we talking about who are you what do you deserve right. What are your values uh your self-concept your life experience right. Now regardless of what kind of belie what those limiting beliefs are they come they fall into one of several categories there's beliefs that you know about those are actually the usually not the most uh challenging ones to change it's the beliefs you don't know about right. These beliefs are the ones that are are are creating the recurring patterns in your life you remember at the beginning of of the webinar.

I showed you that there were two aspects that all the things. I studied have in common the. First was. State.

Control the other was pattern recognition the beliefs that you don't know about are the part of you that create the patterns in your life that keep recurring. So let me jump out of this really quick and talk about that how many of you by a show of that's me in the chat have ever dated the same person with a different face anybody okay. All right. How did that happen it's because below the th even though you consciously knew better right.

You consciously knew that this was the wrong kind of guy or or you knew the kind of relationships you had before and yet you manifested the same pattern the same time over and over and over again right. This is a result of the patterns imprinted at you below the threshold of conscious awareness that you haven't been able to access these are part of your your self-concept they're part of your identity right. Now one of the things. I'm going to be talking about in part three of tonight's webinar is the five characteristics of lucky people you all know people who just if if they were walking down the street and they stepped in a pile of dog poop right.

When they went to clean their shoes off they'd find a diamond ring stuck to their shoe you've met people like this yes. Or no. Right. I.

I. I talk about my friend. Scott sandin from time to time uh. Scott is the founder of.

Hypno. Thoughts he was one of the the founding members of the sub nulis. Sleepwalkers or. Los.

Angeles. Sleepwalkers and. Scott is in my opinion patently the most lucky individual and human being he's a good man which. I think goes lends itself a lot to why he manifests.

So well. But if if a if a plane were flying overhead and the cargo bay door opened and it was carrying you know a million dollars in gold bullion a safe with a million dollars in gold bullion and that safe fell out of the cargo plane and opened on the way down the 10 million the million dollars in gold bullying would fall in. SC in. Scott s's back seat and back in the day the safe would have fallen in mind right.

Um the man is just um a luck generating machine right. Now we've all met people that no. Matter how bad things get they always seem to land on their feet what we thought was going to be a um a setback turns out to be a. Quantum.

Leap for them well it turns out um a few years back some psychologists wanted to know what's behind that is is there actually um like you know they again they're trying to sanitize out the karma and the spirituality side of things. But are there are there psychological characteristics that these people possess that causes them to just be luckier than the average human being turns out there are five right. And if you have if you follow our program you'll be able to install magnify and amplify and operationalize th those uh five qualities on top of the manifestation techniques that we're going to be teaching you uh. But one of the.

First ones that the the researchers discovered was identity all. Lucky people automatically self-identify as being lucky now now when. I. First read that statistic.

I was like what and. So the. First time. I.

I was running meetups here in. San. Diego. I was going to teach get luck it was a program called.

Get. Lucky for. Life it's not what you think or maybe it is right. That was the name of the.

Meetup you can actually go to meetup.com and find uh if you go back like between 2009 and 2014 you'll see. I taught that course several times right. Um and the. I can't.

I'll never forget this because. I. First. I thought it was a fluke.

So. I'm. I'm writing on my board you know get. Lucky for.

Life and as. I'm writing the on the board get you know get. Lucky for. Life or whatever five people stood up and said and and said yeah.

I you know what. I'm. So excited about this webinar. I'm a naturally lucky person.

I want to find out how it works like literally three or five people just immediately just volunteered to me that they were lucky and. I was like huh. I thought it was a fluke every time. I taught that that particular um meeting or or work or breakout people before the before the uh the event started they would stand up and self-identify as being lucky right.

And. I was like well maybe this is true right. And. So.

I said okay. How how can. I build that into people how can. I pull out the beliefs that that that cause them to think of thems as less than lucky and install something else and it's called the identity by design process which a lot of the techniques that we're going to be talking about are drawn from the identity by design process um and just uh to show you what that's about uh.

I usually share this screen once or twice a training. So what you see here is what we call the identity by. Design. Silo the.

First thing that happens is we remove all the general negativity from your life this is stuff you didn't even know was there from there we go to what we call spec negativity or specialized negativity clearing this is a program this is is these are programs running in your brain and in your fields that are causing you to repeat the same patterns over and over and over again. So if you keep um meet you know dating the same person with a different face and after a certain amount of reps like you don't even want to pull the trigger anymore you don't even want to go out with anybody you don't want to call anybody even if you find somebody that looks like they might be worth it you just can't kind of bring yourself to do that or maybe you've started a business several times and it's gone. South and. Finally all your ducks are in a row you know exactly what to do and you can't pull the trigger it's usually because of the level two problems which are called specialized negativity these are rules that your neurology put into place to protect you from hurting yourself and it doesn't need your permission to do it.

So you need to convince your neurology that it's now safe to have the things you want or it's going to keep sabotaging you we're going to show you how to do that. Then we're going to teach you how to default create default driver. Stage you remember at the beginning of the training we talked about how the vibrational signature that you're sending out to the world is going to either an emphas ize or taint the uh the things you manifest most people move through the world in a neutral to crappy. State at best we're going to in in identity by.

Design we teach you how to install powerful positive uh manifestation facilitating driver. States these are default. States you just move through the world in. So that everything that you do has a positive.

Spin and it moves you forward we're going to teach you we teach you how to remove the internal dialogue the one that's talking to you all the time you know the one that tells you all the reasons why you can't have something why you're not that makes you feel guilty or whiny or less than if you're wondering what voice. I'm talking about it's the voice in your head that just said what voice right. Um we're going to tell you how to change that in fact. I might show you how to do that today.

So that you guys can uh have an experience of that we're going to talk about how to remove the negativity of your past this is the this is the big one of the big ones right. Here remember that your manifestation is based on your past if you have a a crap ton of stuff in your past saying you don't deserve something or if you have something it's bad or it's dangerous or makes you a bad person you'll find ways to sabotage that. So in this level we actually go back through all of your negative memories and we drain the energy out of them and use it to amplify your positive memories. So that you have this powerful signal that you're sending out that is supercharged with positivity.

Then we take this whole process right. Here and we install it like if how many of you are familiar with. Bruce lipton's uh studies in epigenetics you know what. I'm talking about how your your.

DNA changes as your environment your emotional health changes we take this entire system right. Here and we install it before your very. First memory. So that it becomes like an automatic antivirus that that neg that that neutralizes crap before it has a chance to stick to to screw up your life.

Then we take the traits that you most admire in other people and we teach you how to amplify those and install them in yourself. So let's say you learn learn the uh the five characteristics of lucky people now you've cleared up all the crap that. Society family education and. Trauma have put in you you have a you have a a customdesign vehicle and now you bring in the superpowers you you bring in the playfulness you bring in the identity you bring in the um the specifically the vague kindness to self or whatever other traits skills or attributes that you want now this is the entire identity by design process we don't have time to do everything here.

But parts of what you're going to be be getting tonight are drawn from this system. So if you're interested in getting the full system. I'll show you how to do that. But.

I think where we're going to go tonight is we're are going to focus on um driver. States or or default. States and we're going to focus on internal dialogue and. Then we'll we'll we'll we'll skip back to um removing specialized negativity and.

Then we'll show you how to prime yourself for manifestation okay. Um there's a lot lot there's a lot of stuff here. But there's one more factor that we need to embrace if you want to be able to manifest everything you want in your life there's one other ingredient to success that has to happen and that's action you can't just sit in front of your vision board do an image cycling process a g formation process and they're all powerful and just wait for the phone to ring or wait for a check in the. Maya you've got to get off your butt and actually take physical actions in the real world you have to you you when you send something off to the quantum and you you reprogram your neurology to be attractive to these things you must back it up you must prove that you're serious to your unconscious.

Mind by action right. My uh the teacher. I mentioned earlier. Taylor.

Sinclair her mother told gave her a piece of advice that she passed on to me uh many many years ago and. I found it to be 100% true and that is this is that you can have you can be or do or have anything that you want want in this world as long as you're willing to become the person for whom that thing can happen now that if if anything is a direct or indirect reference to those two ingredients right. There a do you have an identity a belief system a value system that supports who you want to become and the things you want to manifest and. B what are you willing to do to get it or become it if you don't have those two factors in place even if you manage to manifest something there is a high probability that you will lose it that it will be.

Dem manifested from you why because you can't you don't have a to use cabalistic terms you don't have a vessel that can hold that light you don't have a vessel that can be that person you've all seen people who've won the lottery and for a year or two life is great and. Then they're miserable and they're broke again right. Why because their self-image didn't match the ident identity that they were moving through the world in didn't match what they were trying to manifest okay. Um this is this is fundamental to becoming the kind of person who is naturally magnetic and can manifest anything they want let me tell you something you're you're you're an you are a natural manifestation machine it's just the processes that are manifesting in your life are largely outside of your conscious awareness they're outside of your conscious control.

But if you have a few basic principles you can start to influence that machine and that's where we're going tonight. So the. First thing we're going to play with is state. I'm going to ask you guys a bunch of questions.

I want you to answer them for me. First and foremost how many people here um can feel good for no. Fraking reason okay. One person one person can feel good right.

Um. So you're smart people right. So we know that higher vibrations influence lower vibrations do we know do are we are we aware of this physics principle yes. Okay.

Describe reason desire right. Okay. So let me ask you a question what's a higher vibration. Joy or sadness what's a higher vibration curiosity or boredom what's a higher vibration playfulness or seriousness okay.

What's a higher vibration. Victory. Triumph or loss okay. So let me ask you a question and.

I know some of you are going to lie to me. I know that. But be honest how many people here know what affirmations are type it in the chat yes. Or no.

Okay. How many of you and if you're a veteran to. Planet. David and you know the answer to this don't ruin it how many of you don't start doing affirmations until you're in a shitty mood you need to change it be honest me me okay.

So if you're in a shitty mood and the vibrations are the affirmations are designed to manifest something you want see the fundamental problem. So. First rule of business in in uh in the planet. David we have something called the universal persuasion protocol.

I won't put the. SC. I won't put the slide up. But it goes like this know what you want control your state get.

Rapport use your language manage the state bond to the values. So whether you're going to whether you're going to influence yourself another person or the universe the process is the same the process is the same okay. You need to know what you want you need to control your state you need to get rapport with the thing you want to attract and. Then using your language you need to speak it into reality you need to declare it.

So to speak okay. Now you can use your words or your language either through writing or speaking. I prefer speaking and we're gonna we're going to have an experience of that very very shortly physiology is energy okay. Are you guys with me.

So far is this has this help has been helpful okay. So let's get into drill number one. I want you guys uh if you're driving don't do this okay. But if you are in a place where it's safe and you're not operating heavy machinery or involved in any activity that does not that that does not require your full or undivided attention you know if you if you want to do these drills.

Then pull off to the side of the road put the car in park put the emergency break on turn the car off make sure you won't be disturbed otherwise catch the replay and do the drills. Then. So the. First thing.

I want you guys to do is. I want you to close your eyes. And. I want you to think of a time in your life when you felt the most amazing pleasurable exhilarating thrilling pleasurable playful experience ever.

I don't care what it was who you're with whether it was legal or illegal if substances were involved. I don't care what. I care about is that when you fly back on the wings of time to that moment and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful joyful playful feeling that you get a feeling of absolute. Joy gratitude whatever word you use to describe it.

I want you to close your eyes. And notice something. I want you to notice that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings what color or color is it don't again just keep it into yourself what color colors would that be for you. First impression whatever it is.

I want you to imagine a brilliant ball of energy floating above your head and. I'd like you to notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as. With. Every.

Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure. Joy gratitude whatever that wonderful sens stion or.

Sensations are a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all loss all negative manifestations real or imagine well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead now as you continue to let those feelings percolate in your mind and body if you are one of the rare few who may not have been able to instantly remember something fun and pleasurable and joyful pretend and imagine what something like that might be like imagine a ball of that floating above your head fill the room with it wrap it around you and breathe it through your entire being and notice what happens when you're satisfied test it try to turn that feeling off try to take it away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing and type in the chat what you experienced. Omar says powerful. Warm.

Glow euphoric very good. Linda okay. Martial arts are fun. Deep.

Purple swarming is that a good thing. Mary okay. Now if you started doing affirmations in this state what do you think your chances are of manifesting what you want now okay. You guys ready to layer up on this.

So the. First thing is know what you want control your state now each and every one of you when you logged on to tonight's webinar had one or more things that you wanted to be able to manifest as a byproduct of tonight's training true or not true type it in the chat each and every one of you had at least one or more things that you wanted to manifest as a byproduct of tonight's training excellent now. I don't normally ask this. I don't normally ask this.

But because. I'm trying to keep to a timetable. I want to give you the. Next drill.

So. I want you to type in the chat what it is you want to manifest as a byproduct of tonight's drill or tonight's webinar what is it you want to manifest. Lamar says money okay. Freedom okay.

20 million in sales okay. More flexibility ability to move quicker in the bodysuit on men okay. Excellent now remember. I asked you to have something to write with some to write on.

So. I'm going to take a couple of your. I'm going to take a couple of your uh things that you posted and. I'm going to show you another drill this is called this is a.

Yin. I. I might change the name of this this one to a power formation. But we'll call it a it's called a.

Yin formation and this is a neurologically enhanced way to. Prime and program your nervous system uh to amplify your manifestation skills. So uh let me just write down the stem. First.

I now do whatever it takes to manifest blank because right. So here's what's gonna here's what we're going to do. Next now several things are going to come out of this drill. So.

I'm going to share my screen. I want you to take a moment and. I want you to write this sentence let me make this a little bigger oops missed a piece okay. I oops that's.

I now. I know. I now do whatever it takes to manifest blank because now this is a a very different approach this is one that's going to. U manifest not just an energy in you of of harmony with what you want to um take or what you want to attract it's also going to manifest in you an energy of action okay.

So. I'm full disclosure here. So what. I want you to do is uh.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna just show you really quick how this works. So. I'm going to take uh.

Nan's uh statement and her statement was uh feel happy again because. So. I now do whatever it takes to manifest feeling happy again because now. Nan what.

I want you to do is when. I say this out loud and. I hit the word because your unconscious mind is going to answer with a statement whatever that is whatever that. First impression is.

I want you to type it in the chat okay. I now do whatever it takes to manifest feeling happy again because type it in the chat what comes up. First impression what is your unconscious mind answer because that's what. I want oh no.

No. This is for. Nan. Nan what did in fact if it helps you say this statement out loud and when you hit the because listen to what your unconscious mind wants to say because.

I can okay. Okay. Guys this is f. Nan.

I'll let you guys. I'll get you guys play with this in a minute. I love myself enough to that's right. I love myself enough to be happy now take that statement from beginning to end.

I now do whatever it takes to manifest feeling happy again because. I love myself enough to be happy. I want you to say that out loud five times and tell me what changes in your body just do it real quick okay. And when you're ready type that in the chat.

I love myself made me cry joyful tears pretty powerful huh think about old style affirmations how many times would you had to say that the old school affirmations for any of that to manifest like that right. So here's what you're all going to do right. Now. I want you to take the thing you said you want from tonight's training right.

And. I want you to do this for yourself. I want you to fill in some of you already done it right. Energetic rise in the energy in the blue light very good right.

I want you to use this information process on yourself five times and. Then. I want you to type it in the chat what what you experienced the secret is you fill in the because with whatever pops into your head. First the exact words that you use you're welcome n and.

Then type in the chat what you experienced okay. You feel like you can do it keep doing it until you feel like you will do it. Cynthia mam says a deserving experience to get healing get flexibility deserving experience to get healing okay. Powerful desire very good all right.

So this is what happens. Mar says. I believe it now excellent excellent excellent excellent now guys think about how fast that state changed happened that state happened in you think about the power how strongly you feel about going after it now okay. Now.

I could spend. I could spend an hour lecturing on why this simple sentence structure bypasses all of your resistance and goes right. To the energetic reserves that your neurology has for manifesting the things you want. I could tell you why.

I could go into all the subtle vibrational reasons why it puts you in harmony with the things you want to create. But you don't need to know any of that m is faster than the. Last 72 hours with. Tony.

Robbins yes. Yes. Because you're learning how to unlock the magic within you there think of the the magic inside of you like a a lock that has a key and if you understand what that key is you can open that door and become the person who deserves to have anything you want who can literally take control of the entire manifestation machine that is the human being okay. Now that being said.

I promised you. I would. I would show you the foundations. I would take you as far as.

I can. I would show you how to level that up. So we we started with knowing what we wanted we. Then changed our state and.

Then we leveled on top of that the information process did each. Pace did each piece build and make it stronger and stronger and stronger yes. Or yes. N says my emotional response was instant yeah would it be okay.

To show you what we've put together for you in terms of further training and opportunities. So you can take it further like. I like we talked about at the beginning of the webinar would that be okay. Cool all right.

Then without further. Ado and with your permission. I'd like to talk to you about a special program we've put together this is called the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation station. Mastery home study course if you like the tiny pieces that. I've shared with you. So far you're going to absolutely love this program this is easily one of the most transformational programs we' put together it's based on pure experience there is no.

Theory and using this. I and my students and. I count you among them have and will continue to manifest patently impossible being a technical term the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course is really all about helping you take your life to the. Next level not just making more money and closing more deals or getting more dates those are all things that you will be able to do easily it's about helping more people it's about feeling more confident more comfortable in any situation or circumstance it's about moving through the world as a source of. Power and.

Light to yourself to your family and to the people who matter most to you in the process you'll start be finding yourself becoming more charming and. Charis. Matic and literally in many cases irresistible okay. And that's just the very beginning of what's going on here this offer is good until tonight.

January 29th 2024 at 11:59 p.m. and. Then it disappears like a pumpkin poof right. So let me explain to you what we've got going on for you the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction ultimate manifestation. Mastery home study course is all about unlocking the power of your subconscious mind to manifest anything you desire to find and remove the hidden blocks to your health wealth success and happiness you didn't even know you had how to truly become magnetic to money to influence people both in person and remotely to manifest the things you want and as some of us found out at killer influence uh on day five to make things. Dem manifest to man to. Dem manifest the things you don't want right.

It's all about learning how to find and remove the hidden negativity that's poisoning and tainting your manifestation practices you'll learn the powerful. New. Y information method there's two or three more levels to this um uh. I just gave you a sample of theformation process.

So that you can learn the full system and attract anything you want and change whatever you desire we'll teach you how to delete the negativity uh and vibrational imprints from your past. So that nobody can imprint you in ways against your will ever again we'll show you how to clean up the crap people installed in you consciously or unconsciously and. Finally you get choice we get to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of naturally lucky people and anybody else whose qualities talents and characteristics you would like to have more of will teach you the most powerful manifestation engine. I've ever come across in all of my years doing this this is called the image cycling technology and.

I. I've personally use this to manifest some of the most impossible stuff that you can imagine um if you ever want to find out more about some of those things. I actually put out a video uh about a year or. So ago called funny.

Law of. Attraction stories you can actually go watch that on. YouTube and learn about some of the my wife's magic ring and. T stopping time and removing traffic and and doing all kinds of crazy crazy things uh using this image cycling technology okay.

And much much more. But that's where we start this is a 1,99 $7 value um. But we we've we've bundled with it a bunch of extra bonuses that make this thing this package a truly comprehensive no. Holds bar covers all the bases manifestation engine.

Pro reprogramming session for you. So if you grab your package now uh you're also going to get these special bonuses and this is designed to help you flesh out and troubleshoot anything you might encounter. First and foremost. I know a lot of you are interested in vibration and remote healing remote viewing um and other forms of manifestation and spirituality.

So we're going to include we're going to bundle with this package one of my favorite programs ever this is called vibrational influence. UK now our regular vibrational influence trainings are usually three days. But. I was this was a special one-off certification that.

I did in in the. United. Kingdom it includes two full days of extra bonus material. I.

F. I taught this for five straight days in here you'll get the the koogi k system which is uh the nine it's not it's the koogi in system actually which is the nine syllable manifestation. Mastery method for generating massive amounts of internal power harmonizing with your environment uh developing psychic skills uh manifesting the things you want um and be and actually other types of metaphysical and mystical trainings it's included as part of this training not only that. But you'll also learn how to unlock the secret powers of your subconscious mind to gain control of your mind and body in ways you never thought possible to unlock your true unlimited potential and become most powerful best version of yourself.

I teach you step by step by step how to harness the forces of the universe forces like the five elements forces like sound and how they work together to create very powerful vibrational effects and manifestations and phenomena in your body you've literally learned the master keys to making the universe do your bidding for you um we're going to teach you how to. Psy. Al and energetically protect yourself there's many different ways that we can create psychic. Shields energetic.

Shields. U. But the most powerful ones are you know cleaning up your crap which is always a part of any training that we do and learning how to create a more deeper more powerful connection to. Divine.

Providence or. God or the universe whatever your word for the ultimate power of creation is. Then we teach you different things like. Shields of light meditations or um certain types of cabalistic symbols and things of that nature depending on the class you're in the protection uh practices we teach are much different they're included in the.

Coogi in and the. Coogi um the. Coogi training as well. So we'll teach you how to heal yourself and others to clear your chakras master your energy.

Field. Master any manifest anything you want and increase your psychic skills and much much more this was a a real no. Holds bar training it was. So much fun to do in fact.

Seth who many of you know uh after. I got done teaching the. Coogi uh he walked up to me and told me. I was literally glowing uh from all the energy that we were transducing it's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want you to have all the tools that you need to plug any in your armor to clean up any loophole in your field your belief system uh your spirit body your energy body that other entities or um malevolent people might try to exploit.

So we're going to give this to you absolutely free total combined value if you think about the uh the manifestation program plus the vibrational influence. UK special edition is $4,495. But we're not going to stop there we're also going to include the vibrational healing energy healing and and. Mastery.

Secrets made easy home study course this is because we've discovered that a lot of people coming through. Planet. David have this innate need and desire to be healers uh in fact you can tell if you're one of those people if you take the tip of your finger and rub the tip of your nose if you feel a little indentation that's what we call a human. Angel marking that's somebody who has a a deep compassion and innate spiritual desire to help others um you may also be slightly anemic.

So it's one the other or both. I'll let you figure that out. But we're going to conclude this with you and we conclude in here a very very um comprehensive model of all the energy healing methodologies that are out there everything from raike to. Chronic healing to.

DNA. Theta healing to. Bankston to chiong. Healing.

So you understand the strengths and weakness. NES of these different systems. So you can pick the right. Modality to do the work you need it to do not only that we're going to teach you how to find and remove energetic blocks to your health and your wealth and your happiness that you didn't know you had we're going to teach you how to become a true master of energy healing.

So that you'll be able to heal people remotely using a variety of different approaches to find and remove the hidden negativity and energy blockages that just don't seem to go away right. And there are many of those. U and again. So we'll be importing integrating some of the identity by.

Design techniques for you to do that as well we're going to teach you how to uh energize and build your energy bodies to empower your healing and manifestation uh success we're going to teach you how to maximize your results in minimum time remove the negativity from your past the stuff you didn't even know you had uh we going to teach you very powerful vibrational and energetic self-defense. Secrets once again this is for healers right. Uh. So there's going to be some overlap with the vibrational influence class.

But a more emphasis on the healing prospects uh you're going to discover the most powerful engine of personal transformation and manifestation ever. But now once again you'll be doing it in the context of healing yourself and others both in person and remotely. So uh and much much more. So this is a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you also absolutely free uh it's a $6,998 combined value.

But we're not done yet we're also going to include perhaps one of the most important uh factors in this program remember. I said that you if there's two ingredients to success action was the obvious one the one that takes a little bit more work is the identity side and that's what secrets of. Personality transformation is all about personality transformation allows you to move through the seven stage identity by. Design.

Silo that little diagram. I showed you at the beginning of the webinar as a self-guided practice in other words when you come to identity by. Design hypnotherapy certification you're learning to do these seven stages for other people people this program is all about how to do these seven stages for yourself by yourself with a very very high degree of success okay. So it's going to teach you how to reprogram your subconscious mind it will it's going to remove the blocks and limiting beliefs you didn't even know you have we're going to teach you how to find and remove that hidden negativity and we're going to clear up issues that just don't seem to go away for you you'll be uh changing that crappy voice inside your head.

So that it builds you up instead of. Tears you down if you're wondering what voice talking about is that voice in your head that just said what voice right. Uh and. Finally we're going to teach you how to install the traits qualities and characteristics of people you truly admire and want to be like and much much more this is a$ 2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free because we want to make sure that you have all the tools you need to be able to do this on your own if that's where your your your focus lies okay.

Total. Val total combined value of our package which is 9,488. So uh and. Finally this is actually really really cool uh we're also going to include a very special program now a lot of you are into are interested in law of attraction because you want to manifest a soulmate you want to manifest a partner a romantic partner someone to share your life with and that has been probably maybe a little bit.

Hit or. Miss for you right. Well this is a program that. I taught only twice we've we've recorded it and you're going to get a copy of those recordings this is going to teach you how to actually become the person that you want to attract that that can attract the people you want pardon me while.

I cough a little bit um hold on a. Second. So uh one of the things that this will be about is about we'll learn about attachment. Theory we'll learn about um uh.

Love. Languages we'll learn about your your life values checklist this is how you know what kind of person is truly going to be the most satisfying thrilling and fulfilling for you. But there's a lot of other factors when people are looking for that special someone that can dramatically influence uh the kind of person you attract and how you go about attracting them. U one of the things we'll talk about in this program is the surprising way that certain chemicals certain dope um endorphins and hormones will affect your judgment we'll talk about how to overcome the soulmate myth many people have this belief that you only have one soulmate or that the soulmate is designed to complete you that's actually not true okay.

We're going to teach you how to eliminate negative relationship programming from your childhood. So that as you move through the world sorting for the partner that actually fits your life values your your uh love language and your attachment style that you have the highest probability of having somebody with you that is the best fit humanly possible we're going to teach you how to change and model and and modify your communication sty style. So that you automatically become more attractive and charismatic to the kinds of people who are a good fit for you rather than the people who you got programmed to sort for at a very early age we're going to teach you very specific techniques for moving from infatuation that oh my. God all is wonderful in the world with this person to true and romantic love and understanding the difference of that we're going to teach you about ways to accept change and transformation in your relationship um this is a really important thing because at certain stages of every relationship you're at the mercy of certain chemicals that are are abundant in your system and as those chemicals wax and wne the.

Dynamics of your relationship will change and if you don't understand how those chemicals affect your relationship you can become a love junkie where you just move from relationship to relationship to relationship because you're searching for that initial high that the dopamine and the oxytocin plaster you with during the. First four to six weeks of a relationship and. Then it starts to. Peter off you need to understand that that's going to happen with everyone you're with and it doesn't mean you don't love the person it means you're going moving from infatuation to love.

But if you don't understand that that whole cycle. Then you can believe that the the magic is gone and give up on a relationship before it actually has a chance to prove itself one way or another. So it's important to understand how relationship. Dynamics change what to sort for what what what your boundaries are things of that nature these are things that we go for go through and are included in the program how to determine what you need in a relationship probably one of the most critical things is that there's things we want and there's things that we need and they're not always the same or we often use we often describe one in place of another.

So we're going to help you get a lot of clarity on this in this program right. How to identify obstacles and. Then conquer them strategies that keep the spark going and. So much more you'll discover why you're attracted to certain type of people different family patterns that are contributing to your relationship happiness and not.

So happy moments right. The qualities you most want in life basic communication patterns uh discovering the difference between sex sexuality and sensuality and where each is important right. And and there's a whole bunch more in this program. I could sit here and literally give you the list of bullet points for this.

But we're going to give this to you as a way to make sure that when you go into manifestation mode and you start targeting the the right. Person or type of person that you actually know who that is and how they show up and. So you can recognize it um this is made to go with our hidden. Laws of.

Attraction package it was a. Members. Only video. Master.

Class um my good friend and and colleague. Moss uh loves this program every time there's a chance to bring up a new offer he wants me to do something with soulmate secrets. So if you want to know more about it when you call and ask for information to. MOS just ask him about it he'll talk your ear off.

But we're going to bonus this to you right. Uh how to find identify attract and keep the love of your life it's a $1,997 value we're going to give this to you once again absolutely free uh because we want want you to have all the tools total combined value on this is $1,485. So let's just review what we've got for you here we're going to give you if you click the links that show up on your screen very very shortly we're going to click we're going to give for you the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction home study course the manifestation. Mastery home study course a $1,997 value we're going to include the vibrational influence. United. Kingdom special edition it's a $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you vibrational healing 2021 which was brand new it's not quite brand new anymore.

But it's still amazing $2,497 we're going to give that to you free we're going to give you the secrets of. Personality transformation home study course $497 value. So you can install those luck traits and any other traits that you want as a byproduct of the training okay. Uh we're going to bonus to you the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets master class uh it's a 1,9 $97 value total combined value oops is $1,485. But because it's the end of the month because it's a leap year and because.

I want you to have as little excuse as possible to not manif to avoid manifesting the things you want you have to take the actions. I want to make it easy. So you're not gonna. I'm not gonna.

I want you to have the best deal unly possible. So obviously we're not going to make you pay 11,4 $85 we're not even going to we're not even going to drop it to 9497 or $64.97 in fact we're going to take it all the way to. Rock. Bottom you can get it all today everything we talked about the hidden the the home study course for manifestation the vibrational influence.

UK vibrational healing soulmate. Secrets. Master. Class secrets of.

Personality transformation you can get it all for one low installment of just 9.97 and if you need a little extra time and energy you can actually break that up into three installments of 397 each all you need to do to get yours is click the following link uh right. Here in your chat it's uh [Music] one of the things that. I talked about is action and one of the things. I learned a long time ago guys and gals is that the behavior that gets rewarded gets repeated the behavior that gets repeated gets reinforced.

So for those of you who are ready to level up right. For those of you who are done with the excuses done with the limiting beliefs done with the patterns of self- sabotage who are ready to become the person who can be and do and have the things they want through identity and action. I want to reward you for that. First and foremost.

I'm going to give you 60 days to try this program out if after 60 days you're not on the fast track to becoming the person you want to be making more money finding the love you want attracting more success and becoming powerful in every situation and. Circumstance. I'm going to refund every dime you invested in this program if you're not 100% satisfied within the. First 60 days of having this program.

I'll give you back every dime you invested and. I'll even let you keep the program okay. Now please don't me on that. But this is my way of saying hey.

I believe in this. I know what is done for me and the students who are in the chat room with you by all means click this link whatever that is it's uh www4.uwm.edu for people because. I see there's it's not showing up there. So also if you grab your course right.

Now before. I log off the webinar okay. Now the the the program. I just described to you is good until 11:59 p.m. tonight.

But for those of you who are really fast action takers who want the best of everything and. I want you to have the best of everything if you grab them if you grab your course now before. I log off the webinar you're going to get these. F the following fast action bonuses a you're going to get a three-month trial membership to the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program this is uh a program we've been running every day or every month uh since. October 2010. So literally going on 14 years um and it's basically where.

I come in and. I say you know. Mia what do you want to learn. Renee what do you want to learn.

Joshua what do you want to learn. Seth what do you want to learn uh. Robert what do you want to learn. Bob what do you want to learn.

James what do you want to learn. Joseph what do you want to learn. Jeff what do you want to learn and. I write it down on the board.

I take. I step back. I look. At all the.

Connecting. Threads. I create a lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next four to five hours.

I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your sleep let me jump out on my. PowerPoint really quick here. So one of the things. I want to be upfront about is you will not get a certificate from.

The. Mastermind what you will get is the single most important factor in becoming successful in anything and that is action. Hands-On practice doing the drills getting the skills working side by side with people just like you focusing on the things you want to learn most about okay. Now the.

Mastermind has been running for 13 plus years we videotaped every single one of those. Pro of those training sessions and we've archived them uh in our. Facebook. Group in our.

YouTube channel uh and the private memb section and uh on the. NLP power website as a as a full member of. The. Mastermind mentoring program you get to binge watch all 13 years of those training programs this is literally me and a small group of people getting together and just.

Drilling and. Drilling and. Drilling and. Drilling and drilling um and for many years it was a live group and.

Then people could join through. Facebook. And. Then when covid hit we went to purely virtual and now that we're back uh from covid we we' started.

Live. Events again. So if you're on a trial membership and you live in the. Southern.

California area heck we got people driving in from. Arizona if you want to drive in and train in my facility with me instead of doing it online you're allowed to do that right. I've had like seven or eight of people drove in from all over the place. Last month or actually this month we just had the.

Mastermind and we and. I had like 20 or 30 people on our on our. Zoom call and we all trained together learning really powerful ful stuff. So this is your opportunity once you have the course and you have this information now you have the most important thing the glue that brings it all together and that glue is practice with people who are just like you who want to learn the same things you want to learn and who you can actually talk to about this stuff without getting burned at the state which is a big factor for a lot of you when.

I was teaching killer influence you know the thing that kept coming up is. I. Finally found somebody. I can talk to about this stuff and that's what important when we talk about.

Law of. Attraction a lot of you have already heard what. I'm about to say. But.

I'm going to say it again you cannot defeat your community and here's what. I mean your vibrational frequency will be massively and irresistibly influenced by the kind of people you associate with right. This is such a big factor that that everybody talks about it. But nobody really believes it when you immerse yourself with people who are just like you who are at the same income level or higher who who who are manifesting the things you want your vibration and trains to be in harmony with that.

So when you're around people that look. At what you what you're interested in like you're crazy like you're some kind of witch or like you're just some whack job that's going to impact your energy fi right. You need to be around a family a community of people who have the same desires the same values the same interests as you to support you to give you that extra boost that you need and that's what the. Mastermind is for you won't get a certificate from it you'll get something even better you'll get a community that supports you you get feedback and mentoring from me and you get the opportunity to practice train and get real feedback on your skills and abilities it's a $1,597 value it's if you think about it it's actually way worth way more than that um because you get the 13 years of of archive as well plus the.

Hands-On if you love. The training and. I'm damn sure you will and you want to continue after the 90 days you just let. Moss or.

M know they'll show you how to level up if after 90 days you're like hey. David this was awesome. But. I got what.

I need. I think. I'm good just move on right. No.

Fuss no. Mus. But my job here is to give you give you access to all the tools that you need to truly be successful and level up and to do that you need an identity that supports who you want to be you need the action to take from that identity and you need community that supports the person you want to be instead of the person that society and religion and family and education programmed you to be largely without your will or without your permission and without your knowledge that's what transformation looks like that's what it's about and that's what the. Mastermind is for and it's for the.

Next group of people who log on and grab this package right. Now before. I log off the webinar when. I log off the webinar that bonus goes away okay.

So let's jump back to our. PowerPoint. So we know where we're at okay. So that's your.

First bonus total combined value is $1 13,824 now earlier in in in our package. I showed you the soulmate. Secrets program and that's super powerful for helping you to. Def.

Define what kind what person you want to be what kind of life you want to have what kind of mate or partner you want to have right. That's about self- knowledge attraction. Mastery is all about skills it's all about having the skills to meet attract date and maintain and build a relationship with the people that you've sorted for in soulmate. Secrets it's the yin.

Andy you know what you want and this is going to give you the exact skills you need to approach approach interact and build a relationship with those people in the most powerful way imaginable okay. It's a $2,497 value we're going to give this to you free because once again we don't want you to have half the tools. So made. Secrets is going to give you all the internal knowledge that you need to know what you want and who you're trying to attract attraction.

Mastery is going to give you the actual communication skills that you need to take that relationship to its fullest outcome the one you really want to sort and attract and meet and date the men and women that are the most fulfilling for you $2,497 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free okay. It's a total if you look. At the numbers it's a $15 15,57 value. But ladies and gentlemen we're still not done if you grab your course right.

Now if you click those links right. Now before. I log off the webinar it just gets better. I'm going to give you a free.

VIP super ticket to our. Next identity by. Design live hypnotherapy certification boot camp here in. San.

Diego. March 19th to the 23rd this is limited to the. First not 20117. I think.

I got a typo there it's actually we'll make it 21 all right. I was going to do 17. But we'll make it 21 limited to the. Next 21 people to register today this is a 3,000 $150 value we're going to give this to you absolutely free now the identity by.

Design program is my hypnotherapy certification course this will allow you to not only work on yourself. But to actually make money helping other people with these skills it will teach you how to eliminate the blocks to success that you didn't even know you had it's going to teach you how to get rid of the problems and and that keep coming back in yourself and in your clients it's going to teach you how to program in the default driver states of playful curiosity. Relentless and victory. So that you move through the world seeing the eyes.

Seeing the. World. Through. The.

Eyes. Of a. Victor seeing the the. World.

Through. The. Eyes. Of someone who's playful and curious and explorational right.

To to move through the world and experience the world from that place and as a byproduct of that training you're going to attract more and more of the things you want because your neurology is tuned to those frequencies. Then we're going to teach you how to change that internal voice in your head and in the heads of your clients. So that they have a voice that. REM that in inspires them and motivates them and forgives them and loves them and teaches them how to trust and move forward right.

Then we're going to systematically remove all the negativity from people's lives and reprogram their positive memories. So that when they look. Back on the past they only remember the past in ways that make their lives better we're going to teach we're going to install all that before their very. First memory at the.

DNA level and. Then we're going to overlay on top of that all the traits qualities and characteristics of people they truly want to be like we're going to teach you instant and rapid inductions and you will come out of this with the ability to hypnotize people in any environment under any situation or circumstance at will it is one of the most powerful programs we have ever produced and it will take your entire skill set in the previous package through the stratosphere this is the beginning of your. Mystic training as well as hypnotherapy training there are. So there's.

So much energetics going on behind the scenes in these techniques. I can't even begin to unpack it for you. But once you understand this system everything about your neurology will become very very manageable okay. Um the best thing about the.

VIP ticket is that it doesn't expire we have a training coming up in. March if for some reason you can't make the. March training let's let. Moss or me and know they'll move you to the.

Next identity by. Design let's say you've already had identity by. Design training. But you know someone you think would really enjoy this training or get a lot of value out of it you can give them this ticket let's say a week from now we decide to raise the price of identity by.

Design well if you have a. VIP ticket if you're in our. VIP ticket database you don't pay any extra okay. Let's say something comes up and you know let say the training is full and.

Then all of a sudden your schedule freezes up at the. Last minute and you want to come if you have a. VIP ticket we'll make a seat for you even if it's sold out even if it's full we'll find a place for you. So you can always come to the training you need to get to all we ask is that you're going to show up at the.

Last minute you let moner me and know. So we can make sure um to have materials prepared for you okay. So if you look. At the total combine value of tonight's package is$ 18,720 9.0 right.

It's you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction mind. Mastery manifestation home study course add at $1,997 you're going to get vibrational influence.

United. Kingdom special edition. Edition $2,497 we're going to give that to you free you're going to get vibrational healing home study course $2,497 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the secrets of. Personality transformation mind.

Mastery home study course 249 $97 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the hidden. Laws of. Attraction soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going to get the attraction. Mastery 4day video intensive hold study course $2,497 value free you're going to get the thre month trial membership to the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program and access to the 13-year video archive $1,597 value we're going to give that to you free and of course you're going to get that free. VIP super ticket to our. Next identity by. Design hypnotherapy home study program total combined value is $18,750 you get it all for one low installment today of just 9.97 and if you need extra help reach out to.

Moss or. Mia you can break that up into four easy installments at just 3.97 each okay. So once again go to https. I'm sorry three installments of 397 there we go okay.

Three installments of 397 okay. Slight typo all right. I am. G to go ahead oh there we go.

M has posted the link again um and what we're going to do right. Now while you're clicking those links we're. GNA go ahead and take a an eight minute break when we come back we're going to pick up with more manifestation techniques uh for moving your life forward and the short amount of time possible see here. I want to make sure this link is right.

If. I post it it's not going to go wonky on us okay. Go ahead and click that link right. Now.

I will see you at uh in eight [Music] minutes if you have questions feel free to reach out to. Moss or. Mia they're standing by at 858 282 4663 that's 858 282 4663 or you can reach them at. Moss at.

NLP power.com or. Mia at. NLP power.com okay. Be sure that if you call and you get the voicemail because everybody always rushes the phones if you get the voicemail please please please please please be sure to leave your contact information if you leave your contact information and we get back to you you will qualify for extra bonuses if you don't leave your contact information and you call us tomorrow you will not qualify for the fast action bonuses the fast action bonuses are only good for first-time buyers and they're only good for um people who leave their contact information while.

I'm on the on the webinar okay. So you can get the the original package the core package. But if you want those fast action bonuses you got to do it now before. I log off.

I'll see you in seven minutes okay. Folks. I got back from my restroom break. So.

I've got a few minutes before uh couple minutes before the break is over. So if you have any questions random questions. I can take those uh don't take too long because all right. Any questions for the from the peanut gallery my peeps out in manifestation magic land.

Lamar says wow. David powerful courses they truly are. Lamar uh they're very powerful um and they work they just it's it's they're actually easy and fun to do which is kind of cool um if you can get to the lives believe me as powerful as the energy is on the videos getting to the live event will imprint you like it's nobody's business uh. But don't take my word for it ask the ask the veterans in the group what happens to you at the live event the the the.

Transformations and the imprinting and the programming and the reprogramming that goes that you get that that just frees you up and empowers you and moves you forward it's it's it's truly breathtaking to watch you guys change um during these events. So. But. But again you expect me to stand up on on on stage and say my stuff's the greatest thing since sliced bread right.

Because it's a webinar right. We expect that. But talk to the people who go through this stuff who who sign up to go through this stuff day you know. Time.

After. Time. After. Time and how it's ch changed their lives you know um that being said uh it is now back to part three we're in phase three now this is the applications and customizations phase.

So you guys get to tell me where are we going what do you guys want to focus on what do you guys want to learn about or or or or you know to make it yours to make it truly powerful for you how can. I help right. What do you guys want to know about. I mean.

I got a. I got. I've got easily 15 different pages of notes that. I could on different topics that.

I could talk about with. Law of. Attraction. But the more.

I know about what you want the more. I can help you get there. So. Miriam's asking the course becomes.

Community oh she's talking about her life experience. Mickey is fun she was such a fun person having classs talk to me folks what do you want what do you want aie are we having fun if you're not having fun you're doing it wrong. K kativa says this is an investment in yourself absolutely this is actually one of the most pivotal moments in your life right. Now you're at a.

Crossroads to choose to be different or stay the same that's that's where you're at right. And again. I could give you all my all the my experiences uh breakthrough mindsets asking about money and. I could.

I could talk about money forever and a lot of the stuff would resonate with you and some of the stuff. I'd say would piss you off. But if you want money you gotta you got to hear it and sometimes you're not going to like it okay. But what do you want to know okay.

So one person's asking about money what the rest uh. Edie is ask whenever. I try to do the visual of myself. I freeze pretending doesn't help okay.

What. Edie what visuals are we talking about what visuals are we talking about okay. So let's talk let's talk about visualization because that's actually a big issue for people let's let's be very clear about something when people say visualize what they actually should be saying is. Imagine and even people even imagine is a problematic word because it has that word image in it you don't need to see clear pictures to manifest things and that's a big big uh misconception that.

So many people go through they think if. I want to manifest something. I have to have this. IMAX level um image of with perfect clarity in my mind.

I'm doing it wrong most of us see blurry hazy muddled massive um you know basically very muddy. Fields right. But there's a part of us that knows exactly what each aspect of that muddy field is that's good enough if you don't see pictures you don't need to see pictures. But if you can feel it if you can hear it if you can smell it you can taste it you can use it now if the if if you you freeze feeling okay.

There's a reason you're. Fe you're you're freezing and there's a there's a reason connect connected to that feeling where in your body does that live what you need to do. Edie is you need to create safety there's a part of you that's afraid of losing control there's a part of you that feels if it allows this change to happen there are other things that might manifest that you don't want. So if you know if you're familiar with the magic frame that's where you go now if you're not good at seeing things just um turn it into a sound or a smell or a taste right.

If you have this feeling in your body that um what what what does it smell like what does it taste like if your higher mind could send you a feeling of frequency of vibration or or a color that would completely dissolve this. XYZ feeling in your body and give you what you want instead what color or colors might attend you right. And you use you can use a sound to dissolve a sound you can use a smell to dissolve a smell right. Whatever system works easiest for you that's what you use okay.

Uh the secret is is the body feelings and a freeze is a feeling right. And there's a location. So you can unpack that right. Lots of different ways to do that if you need somebody to guide you through a process.

Ed. I recommend you reach out to. Moss. G says thanks that helps reach out to.

Moss and we'll set up some appointments for you and you can you can get some extra help um. Miriam says write on. David safety is key to help unblock the freeze. David is great at teaching this yeah safety is huge safety is huge um in fact why don't we do that really quick why don't.

I why don't. I give you guys something um that. I do with all my patients uh that. I do with all of my live students um this is a short induction that will help you kind of reset things if that's is that where you guys would like to go because the only people who spoke up was one person was talking about money and um uh.

Edie was talking about that freeze feeling is that where you guys want to go. Cynthia says yes. For. Magic.

Frame to work you practice it every night you don't have to uh given no. You don't actually have to practice it every night. Magic. Frame usually is a one andone per issue if you have 27 issues you'll do 27 magic frames right.

Every now and. Then you'll do a magic frame and it'll unpack or it'll unlock a series of smaller issues that are now easier to get away from because you've done the magic frame on the reasons for keeping them. Magic. Frame is really important because as you go through life you encounter situations and circumstances that your your your unconscious mind whose job is to protect you says we got to make sure this never happens again and.

So it it takes those those experiences and it puts a little rule. Next to it that says never again and it flips a switch in your neurology. So anytime you get in a situation or circum irance that is even remotely close to what caused the problems in the. First place your unconscious mind won't it puts up a barrier it won't let you it won't let you take the steps even if you know exactly what to do exactly how to do it exactly who and when to do it with because you've built up.

So many um previous experiences of pain and suffering your neurology is attached to safety lesson to that experience that says hey we got to make sure this never happens again if they never have this situation come up they can never get hurt they can never lose. So. I want to make sure that that never manifests for them again and that's why many times like after three or four failed relationships three or four failed businesses you're faced with an opportunity to do everything right. But for some reason you can't press the.

Go. Button you can't launch you can't say yes. To the person you can't say yes. To the opportunity because you've got this history of failed attempts and pain and suffering that your nervous system has decided you can't have it's not going to let you have anymore.

So you can you don't run the risk of losing it magic frame is the technique and you learn an identity by. Design you learned in personality transformation that you specifically use to fix that issue and when you fix it a lot of times all of the issues start to go away. But even if they don't all go away everything that was connected to that issue is now changeable because the reason it was locked in it's kind of like how many of you guys remember the old um the old um well heck you guys know what a a an. SD card is right.

Yes. Or an old at track tape or an old audio cassette you know how sometimes if you there was a little tab on the at track cassette or the the. SD card if you if you flip that little slide you couldn't you couldn't erase anything on the card you guys you guys know what. I'm talking about okay.

A lot of times that's exactly what your nervous system does when it assigns a safety lesson to something it's decided that you keep making the same mistake. So it's going to make sure you have a constant reminder of the mistake you made and that you can never actually do it again. So it does it it writes the safety lesson and. Then it flips that slide and.

Then even if you see the opportunity and you've learned all the lessons right. Because that slide has been locked in place you can't you can't take the action you can't overwrite the. SD card because the lessons haven't been preserved right. And.

So that's what magic frame is designed to do magic frame is designed to to to open that whole file up extract the lessons and everything else gets flushed right. So and you can learn the. Magic. Frame you can learn it here if you want.

But you can go back. I got tons of me uh tons of webinars and other videos of me teaching that uh. So there's lots of opportunities to learn that. So.

I'm looking at what people are saying in the chat and. I will say this in a hush. But. David has taught me more in three months than.

I've learned from anyone else and. I started my journey three years ago thank you. Joshua. I really appreciate that um let's see here.

So. Gracie is saying what if we have trouble coming up with examples from our past to feel a certain way okay. Great question great question. I'm going to actually answer that because we're gonna actually play with that um.

Nana is saying yes. That's what happened to me. I wanted to totally change the deepest childhood subconscious programs for my narcissistic mother. I've worked on this for my whole adult life yet.

I just go majority ripped off by trusted business part yeah okay. All right. So looks like we're going. I think.

I know where we're going today all right. So. First thing we do is we're gonna do the safe place induction now this is once again this is a very very powerful trans induction and it's really really a wonderful experience okay. Um.

But here's the thing it is a trance. So what. I need you guys to do is if you want to participate in this. Trans.

State okay. The. First thing you're going to need to do is shut off any. Machinery or any equipment that requires your full and undivided attention to operate.

So if you're driving and you want to experience this pull the over turn the car off put it in park put on the parking brake make sure you won't be disturbed make sure you're in a safe place to do this right. Okay. And. Then just relax and and have a good time now there may be there may be as we go through this process you're going to start to become well let me let me say you will avoid taking this as a suggestion as we go through this process proc you guys remember the in part one of the webinar.

I told you that there's two kinds of of beliefs and thoughts that we have there's beliefs and thoughts that we know about and beliefs and thoughts that we don't know about part of this process is going to help you uncover stuff you didn't know you had okay. So as as you become aware of it you'll give the part of the induction is you'll be given an opportunity to melt away some of that stuff if not all of it the things that don't get fully melted away. I want you to point when you get out of the induction point to where you feel it write it on a piece of paper and go back and do the magic frame exercise on those parts of your body okay. Again.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna. I'm. G to go through this with you just like.

I would with people during the healing intensive. But. I'm going to try and keep it short because you know a lot of you um you know you only have. So much time that and some of you are watching this from the.

UK from. Australia you're all over the world and. I don't want to keep you up any. Later.

U than is necessary. But. I want you to have the experience of this okay. So um if you need to go ahead and and reserve your packages.

I'm going to give you a couple minutes to click that link right. Now uh or you can click the link after after you come out of it because that's the end this is the entry point into this whole training process okay. All right. So um um feet flat on the floor make well a couple other things make sure your phone is off make sure your pets are out of the room because they love this induction and they will jump on you make sure your cat isn't going to run across your keyboard right.

Make sure you won't be disturbed make sure nobody's going to knock on your door while you're doing this okay. And. Then what. I recommend you do is um when the replay of this webinar goes live record this section and listen to it at night while you're going to sleep and it'll help to really create for you a growing sense of uh safety it'll help to start to clear crap if you want to listen to it in the morning that's also very good uh and it's just a good way to just like just like you brush your teeth in the morning or at night or you take a shower or all the other things this is just a good way to detox okay.

Okay. So go ahead close your eyes. Take a deep breath in and let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart.

I just want you to relax let go listen to the sound of my voice any sounds that you hear other than the sounds of my voice are simply the sounds of our natural environment they're not going to disturb you they're not going to distract you in any way in fact all they're going to do is signal you remind you reinforce inside your mind body and soul the fact that you're completely safe that no. Matter how far inside you travel no. Matter how deep inside you go you will always always always be able to hear my words follow my instructions obey my commands because you realize that everything. I say and everything.

I do is for you to give you the life and the lifestyle that you want the way that you want it by your standards and your definitions now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to focus all of your attention on the lids of your eyes. And.

I want you to begin to relax those tiny muscles in your eyelids and. I want you to keep relaxing them. I want you to relax them more and more and more until they're. So relaxed they just don't want to work anymore and when you're satisfied you're convinced they're.

So relaxed they don't want to work anymore go ahead and give them a quick test just to be sure and when you're s when you're satisfied stop testing and allow that level of relaxation to flow from the top of your head all the way down down down to the tips of your toes deeper and deeper. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take and every beat of your heart just let go just let go that's right. Now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to begin to relax your mind just as deeply as we've been relaxing your body and we're going to do that in a very special way in a moment not yet. But. But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to begin to imagine the alphabet backwards starting with the letter.

Z with each and. Every. Breath. You.

Take and each and every beat of your heart starting with the letter. Z all. I want you to do is relax those letters completely out of your mind allow them if you will to become smaller and darker and harder to see turn the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down down now obviously. I can't do this for you only you can allow this to happen and when you know they're done and you're as deeply relaxed in your mind as you are in your body all all.

I want you to do is allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the. Next part of our process drifting dreaming floating embraced held nurtured smaller and darker and harder to see turning the volume all the way down down down deeper and deeper down down now perfect now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm gonna ask you to do something that.

I ask all of my clients to do. I'm. G to ask you to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know you all have in a moment.

I'm. I'm going to ask you about something. I've been wondering about. I'm wondering if you can imagine a place a magical place a place that was.

So absolutely positive a place that's. So nurturing nourishing comforting forgiving protective a sa a place that is. So absolutely safe that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a.

Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite. I'm curious. I'm wondering if you could imagine what a place like that might be like and as. I talk to my students and my clients.

I'm always curious as to how that manifests for them. I always wonder what might you be seeing in that wonderful place what might you be hearing what might you smell what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place and you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling that lets you know you're truly saved and i' like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow they spread from take a moment to where you feel that and. I'd like you to notice as you do that that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings.

I'm curious. I'm wondering what color colors that might be for you. First impression whatever it is imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall in all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of safety a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all.

Danger. All negativity real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply and when you know you've got that.

I. Want. You to. Breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot a helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead and when you're satisfi stop testing allow that level of energy to flow from the top of your heads to the tips of your toes it all points in between notice how it just continues to get stronger and stronger and stronger still now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to ask you to scan your body one more time and this time. I'd like you to notice any place in your body where you're holding on to any feelings of density or tightness or tension many times as we travel through this video game. Call of life we encounter situations and circumstances that we're just not ready to deal with that catch us by surprise overrun our personal physical mental or emotional boundaries that overwhelm. Us in some way and while those moments may be less than.

Pleasant they may be tra even traumatic sometimes what's really interesting what's really comforting is that the. Universe. God in its. Infinite.

Wisdom built into each and every one of us a special system hardwired it into. US kind of like the old. Ghostbusters movie where the. Trap opens up sucks the ghost ins inside they take that trap and they put it in a bigger facility to hold it in storage until something better could be done with it as we move through situations and circumstances we accumulate files boxes traps of energy think of them as like ghosts from the old.

Ghostbusters uh movie locked in our body waiting until the. Next software upgrade comes in. But we can tell the system what to do with it instead and when our mind and our body creates those containers for lack of a better word they often manifest as points of density or tightness or tension and as you scan your body. I'd like you to notice where in your body those points of density and tightness and tension seem to come from and as you become aware of them.

I. Want. You to. Breathe your all powerful safe energy through those areas let it flow over and around and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solve dissolved and resolve from your body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right.

Reasons take all the time you need in the. Next few moments to let that process take place and what's better is that as that all powerful safe energy flows into those spaces as it melt and dissolves away those old ice cubes of stuff flowing into those spaces in just the right. Amount in just the right. Proportion flows everything that you most need and want and desire instead sustaining nourishing empowering you making you stronger and more confident and certain in all the ways that you want to be more confident and powerful and certain in take all the time you need in the.

Next few moments to let that process complete itself and when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring those old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead now at this point. I would normally transition into a whole series of other techniques which you can learn about in identity by design you can learn about it in personality transformation. But for the sake of our process. I'm going to do one more cool thing with you there's some feelings that you've been having some feelings that you'd like to change some feelings that have everything to do with your inability or your hesitancy to manifest the life you want the way that you want.

I'd like you to not that this there's a place in your body where those feelings are restored and. I'm wondering what it would be like if you could imagine all those reasons all the crap that you've been carrying around locked in your mind locked in your body locked in your spirit. I wonder if you could imagine what it might be like if all that stuff could be permanently pleasurably professionally removed offload banished purged into a big old pile way way way off in the distance a safe distance. I'm curious.

I'm wondering if you could imagine what that might be like. I'm wondering how big would that pile need to be to hold it all now you don't have to type it in the chat just know how big that pile would need to be to hold it on and as you realize realiz that's how big it needs to be. I want you to notice off in the distance. I want you to notice the feelings in your body and how they shift and change as.

With. Every. Breath. You.

Take and every beat of your heart you're other than conscious mind you're higher than conscious mind begins offloading all that all that stuff all the hurt all the anger all the pain all the fear all the guilt all the less than positive feelings and emotions the ones you consciously remember the ones you consciously understand and most importantly the ones you unconsciously remember the ones you unconsciously understand notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as your unconscious mind begins offloading purging purifying all that stuff out of your mind body and soul forever into that big old pile way way way off in the distance safe distance take all the time you need to let all that stuff take place to move into that pile way off in the distance and when you know it's done that. Last unit of crap is out of you and into that pile as you look. At it what do you want to do with it you want to send it to the bottom of the ocean you want to burn it in the world's largest karmic incinerator you want it send you want to send it back to the people places and events that imposed it on you in the. First place do you want to compost it shoot it off like a rocket to the sun.

However you want to get rid of it. However you want to cleanse and. Purge and purify it go ahead and do that now most of my clients they like karmic incinerators. So.

I have them call up the world's largest karmic incinerator throw that in the fire notice how the feelings in their body shifts and change as all that stuff begins to burn up to dissolve solv dissolved and resolve dissol from the body solve dissolved and resolved from the mind some people like to dissolve their stuff in acid and they just feel it all just dissolve away impossible to come back. So take all the time you need to use whatever disposal device you find most appropriate shovel all that stuff into it and notice how it all begins to dissolve away solve dissolved and resolve from your body solv dissolved and resolved from the mind for all the right. Reasons your reasons and when all that stuff is gone. I just want you to look.

Back at that pile or what's left of it and if there's any left how much of it was actually yours as opposed to something somebody imposed on you and once you realize how much was yours and how much was actually belonging to everybody else what do you want to do with that. Last remaining morsel if any you want to burn it in acid send it to the bottom of the ocean compost it. However you want to get rid of it go ahead and do that now when you know it's done you just nod your head to let yourself know and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old version of yourself back try to bring the old feelings back and notice what happens instead and when that's done. I want you to scan your body notice how different you feel and if you're higher mind could send you a feeling a frequency a vibration a color that would give you the life experiences the resources the understandings and perceptions of yourself the world and everything in it that would allow you to become the happiest most joyful most powerful manifestor on the planet if everything were allowed and contained within that feeling frequency vibration of color.

I'm curious. I'm wondering what color or colors might the. Creator and your higher mind send you whatever colors those are imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change as. With.

Every. Breath. You. Take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of trans formation.

Revelation and manifestation power a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all negativity all threats all loss real or imagined well at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and. Unlimited. Supply when you're ready breathe those. Unstoppable amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in.

So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true t test it try to turn it off try to take it away try to go back to the old version of yourself and notice what happens instead. As you move through the various programs that we have for you you'll find this installation growing more and more powerful each moment of every day for as long as your heart continues to beat and your lungs continue to breathe this.

Force this voice this power will go with you growing stronger and stronger every moment of every day empowering you in all the ways that you most need and want and desire to be supported to move through the world applying your manifestation skills in exactly the right. Way for you a guide if you will for utilizing the systems you're learning to make your life everything you want it to be for all the rest right. Reasons your reasons now in a moment not yet. But in just a moment.

I'm going to count from one to five when. I reach the number five you can emerge from this process. Like a. Phoenix.

Rising. From the. Ashes like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the. Next phase the best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air to sore amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and every good thing in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear.

Soul clear thinking feeling acting with self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive one two three because there's always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and you're all powerful other than conscious mind will now easily effortly and automatically generate those. Solutions and act on them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you you've made the work you've made the journey you've done the work making the. Investments you're following the instructions you're obeying the commands you're testing the results and you're most assuredly earning the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the.

Next count you can emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations manifestations with you ready to do what it takes follow whatever process is necessary for you to manifest the changes and the desires that you know you want head clear mind clear thinking feeling acting with self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel when you're back just type back in the chat and we'll go from there all right. Before we go on to our our. Next phase.

I just want to remind you click the links right. Now. So you can get your package and you get more of this good stuff coming to you right. Once again we've got the hidden.

Laws of. Attraction manifestation. Mastery home study course $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free you're going at the vibrational influence. UK home study course $2,497 value free you're going to get the vibrational healing.

H home study course $ 2497 $ value free secrets of. Personality transformation $2,497 value free this is a big package right. Uh hloa soulmate. Secrets.

Master. Class $1,997 value we're going to give that to you free the attraction. Mastery uh attraction skills 4-day intensive $2,497 value free the. NLP power masterm mentoring.

Practice. Group trial and video archive $1,597 value free and of course you just got a little taste of identity by. Design. So uh $3,150 value we're going to give this to you free $187 worth of stuff all you got to do is get it for one low installment at $9.97 click this link right.

Down in your chat rooms right. Now don't wait get it now before they're all gone uh because there's only 21 21 of these we're going to sell and. Then the. VIP tickets are gone.

So grab it now click the link click the link click the link if you have questions you can reach. Moss or. Mia at. NLP power.com just give their individual emails.

Mia. Moss. NLP power if you need to talk to somebody if you have oh. I didn't talk about if you have if youve maybe if you've bought packages in the asked uh and you have some of these we can.

C we can replace or substitute some of the packages um for 663. So like say you have vibrational healing we can substitute a different program for you if you have secrets of. Personality transformation we can substitute a program of equal or less of value you can talk to. Moss about that okay.

All right. Questions about the process we just did now like. I said. I did.

I in intentionally did a little bit of a an intense clearing for you guys um and. I mixed a couple of uh aspects for the training. Liam says was that supposed to make me cry like that. I mean.

I feel great. But yes. Liam that happens that's kativa that's back. I faded out quite a few times almost in yes.

It's called a trance that's why. I said don't be driving while you're listening to this right. But if you want more the same just click those links and you'll get it okay. M say it really helped that was floating yep all right.

Um questions was this helpful was this fun for you guys cool. I haven't done trans sessions on a webinar in a long time. So well there should be a replay um after within about 45 minutes after we we log off the webinar here there should be a replay right. Um okay.

So. I got a little bit of time left. I got time for one more thing what do you guys want to know what do you guys want to know about uh yes. Thomas we are doing.

NLP certifications uh my recommendation is that if you want to if you want to rock. NLP. Then you should have killer influence or identity by. Design.

First if you can do those classes you can rock any. NLP class on the planet um a bit about manifest in okay. What specifically about manifesting do you want to know all right. Let's do this since since everybody's still obviously in trance which is one of the reasons.

I don't do transes um on the on the on the. Last half of the video because getting you back to an interactive state is challenging okay. So uh what keeps you from manifesting your blockages keep you from manifesting your unwillingness to take action keeps you from manifesting. I started the webinar with that right.

But um there are reasons why the. Law of. Attraction sometimes doesn't work breakthrough says dealing with overwhelm um dealing with overwhelm believe it or not is actually really simple to fix okay. Um right.

So let's say for. Nan's. Finally back good. I think a lot of people are still in transland is that true how many you guys are still in transland tingling all over yes.

Because this is an energy technique it sounds like a hypnosis induction. But it's not it's actually way more than that it's a it's an entire vibrational reprogramming session red ey says just a little all right. So uh this is for breakthrough who asked about overwhelmed. So here's the thing when you're overwhelmed one of the things your neurology is doing is it's taking its memory of something and putting it.

So close to your your your spinal cord that you're nervous it's like turning the volume knob up on um your neur your level of neurological arousal. So. I want you to stop for a moment and think of something that makes you feel overwhelmed close your eyes. Notice where in your body you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling that you want to change a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it.

First impression trace the outline of with both of your hands. So you know how big it is now you'll probably notice that it's really fraking big and it's really close to your body. So the. First thing.

I want you to do is push it away and make it smaller and notice what happens to the feelings in your body tell me what happened type in the chat what happens reduces right. Exactly nothing this time time. I don't know what that means um how many notice that when you pushed it away and shrunk it down got that's right. Now what you don't realize is that below the threshold of conscious awareness there's an entire vibrational dashboard out here some people call it the energy field or the the human aura.

I do not. I call it the propri receptive grid because. I can't go to an anatomy book. And point to a chakra right.

I can't point. I can't go to an anatomy book. And point to a place in your body where you store things that overwhelm you or around your body there's a vibrational dashboard all around you that you'll learn about in identity by. Design and personality transformation we call this the proceptive grid okay.

So there's a part of you that that monitors environment inside and projects it outward. So when. I point to where. I feel it and.

I reach out and touch it. I connect the inside of my body to the outside of my body within my own vibrational bubbles now whatever. I manipulate out here will change my body feel feelings. So um we're going to do a this is this technique is called the control room or it's a it's we're going to do a small version of it if you want to learn more about it um identity by sometimes in identity by design that we teach it and sometimes in um personality transformation we teach it um.

But this is this is interesting this is another again this is another trans process okay. Um. I'm going to try and do this without as much trance as as before. But.

I want you guys to think of um how many people here have ever seen the movie. Minority. Report okay. Or anybody ever watch.

Iron. Man or. The. Avengers okay.

You know those scenes where. Tony. Stark is in that holographic computer where he's exploding diagrams and moving this out of the way and moving that out of the way and bringing things in and stuff like that you know those scenes. I'm talking about okay.

I want you to imagine that you're sitting in the center of this gigantic 360 degree by 360 degree holographic computer okay. Now we're going to do a really quick drill. So. I want you to think of something on a scale of 1 to 10 that you might want to get rid of or or change close your eyes.

Point to where you feel it if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is make sure you got the right. One make it bigger make it smaller move it closer notice what happens notice how the feelings change as you move that picture around and. Then all.

I want you to do is put it between your hands squeeze it down to the size of a postage stamp throw it over the top of your head back behind the. Horizon like you're trying to throw it through a a basketball hoop until it disappears below the. Horizon and when it's gone scan your body notice what happened to the feelings in your body and and type in the chat what happened. Miriam says empty stomach lighter okay.

Light you suddenly feel lighter anybody notice that it's because you've just shed emotional energetic weight lightness is probably the most commonly reported uh uh side effect of this because what's happening is all around you. I want you to imagine you're sitting in the center of a big vibrational filing cabinet system and there are vibrational drawers all around you on different subjects and if you can name the subject and point to it you can open that filing cabinet drawer take stuff out and put it in other drawers. So let's say for example that there's something that you really really enjoy you got me you with me. So far something you really really enjoy want you to close your eyes.

Remember the best in of that close your eyes. Notice there's a place in your body where those good feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that experience a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out and touch it. First impression now trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is grab it make it bigger make it smaller move it closer move it back make sure it's the right.

One and remember where you put it okay. When you've done that type done in the chat excellent all right. Now here's an interesting question for you what if there was a place somewhere in the space around your body where you know things are always going to happen where things like you know something is going to happen it's it's an absolute certainty and it's you know it's going to happen no. Matter what can you imagine what that might be like let me give you an example is the sun going to come up tomorrow yes.

Or no. How certain are you that the sun's going to come up tomorrow okay. Now close now close your eyes. Now as you think about that certainty you know without absolute.

Shadow of. Doubt that the sun is going to manifest tomorrow yes. Notice where in your body you feel that point to it now if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that feeling a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it. First impression.

Reach. Out point to it trace the outline of that picture. So you know how big it is make it bigger make it smaller move it closer to your body move it away and. Then put it back in that location and take a snapshot of where it's at when you've done that type done in the chat okay.

Good. I don't need to know why you believe it. I just need to know where it where it goes okay. Again.

I could spend hours unpacking how and why this works you don't need to know that to make it happen now you know that good feeling. I'm curious about something if there were a place floating in the space around your body where things that went that that were the most intense experiences you've ever had that just amplifies whatever experience you have and makes it irresistibly powerful could you imagine what that might be like like if you took. Like something that was like a on a scale of one to 10 it was like a nine you put it in that spot and it became like a 27 could you imagine what that might be like and if there were a place floating in the space around you that stored those kinds of feelings and have that kind of effect point to where feel it. Reach.

Out. And. Touch the picture connected to that when you found it trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is and.

Then make it bigger make it smaller move it closer to your body move it away and tell me what happens it moves pure joy. So. Lamar when you say it moves is that a good thing intenser okay. So y all found your intensification spot yes.

This means yes. This means no. Type it in the chat okay. So now remember that.

First picture that that wonderful experience that you absolutely loved. I want you to trace the outline of the picture with both of your hand. So you know how big it is. I want you to shrink it down.

I want you to take it and. I want you to move it into that intensification zone and expand it and notice what happens. Maryann says pure joy you like that can see myself in my new house very good now we also know that there's a place where we store things that are going to manifest and that are inevitably going to manifest yes. True or not okay.

So. I want you to talk for a moment think of something that you want to manifest imagine having it point to where you feel the feeling if there were a picture floating in the space around you that represented that thing you want to manifest a picture you could reach out and touch where would you reach out to touch it find that space trace the outline of it with both of your hands. So you know how big it is make it bigger notice what happens to the intensity of the feelings move it closer notice what happens to the intensity of the feelings now put it back shrink it down to the size of a postage stamp take it out of that filing cabinet put it in the inevitability drawer and make it big and notice what happens to the feeling when you're done type in the chat what you experienced yeah. Joy it's a done deal how about that now when you get when you get uh your hands on hidden.

Laws of. Attraction we'll explain this whole phenomena um through the pro receptive grid uh and you'll understand it a whole lot better and be able to do a lot more with it. But here's what. I want you to do right.

Now. I want you to close your eyes. And imagine floating all around you are thousands of little icons or file folders just like on a computer and each of those is connected to something you want more of or something you want a whole lot less of and all. I want you to do over the.

Next two minutes is. I want you to find all the things you want more of and move them around your filing system until they're really really strong and in a place that you like and all the things you want less of shrink them down throw them behind you throw them in the recycle bin just like you clean your desktop. I'm. G to give you two minutes and just move that stuff around anything you want to manifest take it from the possibility pile to the inevitability drawer make it bigger and just keep moving it in there until it's impossible to pull it out and just keep doing that.

So. I'm going to give you uh two minutes on my clock just to give you an experience of how powerful you truly are and again most of what. I'm sharing with you is um two minutes. Benjamin saying.

I feel like. I just stepped through a wave of the energy shifting or shifting a new universe where this is real and. H it is you all are the centers of your own universes and just like. God you have complete permission to make any change you want for any reason that you want.

I'm giving you a sample of that right. Now when. I talk about unleashing the magic inside of you. I'm not kidding this is how it is okay.

This is just a tiny piece of what's in your program. So after you've been through your program you'll understand that the world has changed forever all you g to do is. Click your links and get started and. I'll guide you okay.

I got about 21 seconds left on the clock for this exercise when you're done go ahead and type in the chat what you discovered okay. Now remember you can come back to this this. Zone anytime you want anytime you need to clean things up move things around this is your system you have absolute permission to make any change you want for any reason that you want if you want to learn the full. Dynamics you guys know what to do.

I don't got to keep telling you right. Click the links make the jump let's get this going you know what. I'm saying all right. Uh real quick for those of you who uh we're coming on to the.

Last legs of our training. So. I want to go ahead and give you guys one. Last shot to uh to grab your packages remember when.

I log off the webinar the. VIP tickets go away. The. Mastermind.

Practice. Group goes away the attraction. Mastery 4day intensive goes away. So if you know you this is again this we don't usually offer packages this big.

So this is something that. I really if you're here it's it's not an accident okay. So go ahead and click these links before it's too late um and you're going to get the hidden. Laws of.

Attraction manifestation. Master home study course the vibrational influence. UK and vibrational healing special editions you're going to get secrets of. Personality transformation soulmate.

Secrets. Master. Class traction. Mastery 4-day intensive the 3-month.

NLP. Power. Practice m. Mastermind group trial and the.

VIP super ticket to our super ticket to our. Next identity by. Design program total package value is $1,729 you're going to get it all for just $99.97 or you can break that up into three easy payments of just $3.97 each all you got to do is click that link in your box right. Now in your chat right.

Now and you will take your you like just like loop with. Obi-Wan that. First step into that much larger universe this is your shot to get a deep dive into everything that was. Kept.

Secret for centuries or over complicated or whatever uh grab that ticket now and uh we'll see you on the other side now. I promised you one. Last thing before. I go and.

So. I want to keep that promise to you. I told you guys that one of the biggest concerns that people have when they try to man est something is that the universe will manifest it in a way that hurts other people and they'll reap karma from that there's a way for you to manifest without the danger of karma. But a lot of you aren't going to want to do it okay.

Um. So let me let me explain this one of the things that one of the things that we learn in the mystical. Traditions that. I study and that includes the medical chiong doctorate that.

I'm going on which is believe it's a spiritual degree one of the things that we're taught is that when we go into that treatment room we leave ourselves outside that we we prepare our vessel our mind our body our spirit and we invite the. Divine. Creator to come in and guide our hands and work through us okay. To do that effectively we have to surrender to.

God we have to open ourselves up surrender completely and say heavenly father mother son daughter creator of all that is highest truth that there is use me as your tool let me let my let your will be my will and my. Will. Be. Your.

Will as you wish. So. So will it be okay. What.

However you want to say it if you connect to the. Divine and you surrender to the. Divine and you ask it manif show me how to manifest. X according to your will according to your plan and you make your manifestation known or you just trust the.

Divine and go into your process knowing that the that the. Divine force is guiding you if you allow that. Divine. Force to work through you.

Then. However the um the event manifests it's because. God wills it now that kind of freaks people out a little because it kind of says well. I'm not in control.

But you are right. You can do things without divine intervention and reap. Karma. But when you surrender to the.

Divine. Then all the karmic. R ramifications and repercussions tend to get handled because you're surrendering to that. Divine.

Force okay. So. I. I'm not going to teach you everything.

But there there's there's this process we call the three. Divine invocations and the. First one is is you surrendering to the. Divine and saying mother father.

God creator of all that is highest truth that there is let my will let thy will be my will let my will be thy will and. Then you allow that energy to come through you purify you cleanse you and root you between the. Divine. Realms in the earth and you just dissolve into it and you surrender completely to that force and you can say uh the.

Next invocation is uh from holy place to. Holy. Place make this place my holy place this is an ask for divine protection against all negativity all uh energetic parasites things of that nature and. Then the.

Last one is let my mind body and spirit be or let my uh mind breath and and body be filled with by divine power presence and. Holy. Spirit and you surrender to that now once you've done that the. Next phase is really simple you you you begin to do whatever manifestation process you have planned.

So if you're going to write. Yin informations letting the. Divine work through you you write your y informations if you're going to image cycle right. Letting the.

Divine work through you you image cycle if you're going to do vision boards letting the. Divine work through you create your vision boards right. And trust your in inition on how that should manifest okay. And if you surrender properly and if you and you allow yourself to be guided by the.

Divine. Force you step out of it hey you probably find out really really quickly that are things you thought you wanted you don't want anymore. But the other part is that when you do these techniques because you're working with the. Divine under its guidance as an agent of that that higher.

Force well if. God says it's supposed to be this way it's really hard to. ACR. Karma the moment you put yourself back into it that's when the karmic dominoes start to fall.

So uh again for those of you coming to identity by. Design we'll we'll show you some of this stuff um for those of you coming to unleash the. Magic in. July you'll get a headful of this stuff okay.

So questions about about that that three. Divine invocations process nothing okay. Um. I'll tell you what would you guys like to would you guys like to feel this okay.

All right. So what. I'll do is. I'm.

I'll do the three. Divine invocations process all. I want you to do is close your eyes. And allow yourself to become breathe your safe energy through you and allow yourself to dissolve and become fully open to what.

I'm about to do okay. You may or may not hear me say something. But. I'm.

GNA. I'm just going to go through the three. Divine invocations with the intention that you can feel feel the. Divine.

Force flowing from me and into you not not that. I'm sending you energy. But as. I bring it down and and and move it through you you can experience it too and.

Then you can decide if it's something you want to you want to practice or not okay. So mother father. God creator of all that is highest truth that there is let thy will be my will let my will be thy will purify cleanse and root mother father. God creator of all that is highest truth that there is from holy place to.

Holy. Place make this place your holy. Place mother father. God creator of all that is highest truth that there is let my mind breath and body be filled with th divine power presence and holy allow your eyes.

To open tell me what you felt tell me what you discovered if anything. Matthew says quite calm white light energy being more than yourself. Liam says. I discovered an energy.

Far. Beyond. Myself me yeah. I had forgotten what that felt like something happened within my [Music] heart pretty nice huh now the more breakthrough says peaceful relaxing.

Letting. Go trusting in something more yes. Yes. You guys did well okay.

All right. In the words of the immortal. Carol brunette. I'm.

So glad we had this time together just to have a laugh or sing a song seems we just got started and before you know it comes the time we have to say soam good night. God bless click those links. So. I can teach you proper and let's make your life everything.

God wants you to have take care byebye.
