Title: RAPID ROMANCE: Psychological Secrets For Dating Mating and Relating FREE Street -level NLP Lecture
File Name: Hy6stznv2Qs.txt
Video Id: Hy6stznv2Qs
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy6stznv2Qs

Specifically. Target people who want to do stuff on their own. I do treat people okay. So depending on on where you fall in the in the scope of things we have something for you come on in thank you why is everybody sitting in the back that's why that's why that's why.

I came to the front that's it man sneak we're going to lock you in all right. Okay. Yeah. I guess cuz they saw me h they saw me holding this at the beginning of class like not.

So much okay. Right. Let me turn this volume down just a little bit because. I think it's just a little too much is that better there we go all right.

So come by the way the people who sit in the front always get the best stuff that's the other reason. I'm up that's right. All here for good stuff okay. So let me ask you a quick question how many people here um are currently in a relationship raise your hand okay.

Sort of sort of okay. How many people here want a relationship oh. I better see a whole lot more hands than that or you're leaving okay. Uh one of the things that why am.

I up here telling you about if if. I do all this weird stuff persuasion infuence. NLP why am. I up here telling you about how to be better how to be more attractive and all that stuff the.

First video course or the. First home study course. I ever put out was called secret orgasm tips it was a program specifically designed to teach men how to become the kind of lover every woman fantasizes about okay. It was all designed to learn using.

NLP and other types of uh systems how to find out exact. L how a woman wanted to be touched the order and sequence she wanted to be touched how she knew she was getting it based on what she considered to be her perfect kiss her perfect touch her perfect everything and to give it back to a woman in such a way that you automatically fit her ideal lover wasn't about the guy is about learning how to pay attention to what women really want and give it to them in a way that they knew that they were getting it now let me ask you a question if you met a guy that touched you in the exact way you've always dreamed of at the right. Time in the right. Place look.

She's like right. And every and and every time. I tell this story where. I.

I. I talk about this we get that response because every one of us man or woman is moving through the world with this little internal checklist and we're projecting it onto everyone around us and every time we meet a guy we go okay. Does he match my physical thing check uh did he say the right. Thing at the right.

Time check oh he touched he's standing too close right. And to the degree that the person you're interacting with matches your checklist they get it's like a video game they get to go to the. Next level faster now. I hate to use that word game after all those books by.

Neil. Strauss and everything came out. But the bottom line is is that you have a checklist you have a hierarchy of what's important to you not just in terms of qualiity than a guy. But you have a map that you're moving through the world looking for somebody to fit and to the degree that they fit that map you fall in love you become very attracted to that person you become.

Desiring more intimacy with that person because what you see when when you look. At them when you interact with them physically verbally socially whatever is a mirror of who you are inside okay. Guys this is your. First tip it's not about you all right.

Every woman that you meet this works the same for guys by the way this is the. First master key everyone you meet is projecting onto you just like that like your big old marker board everything they want and need to be absolutely happy to the degree that you have the ability to pay attention and give it back to them in a way that they know what they're getting they will fall for you head over heels faster than they can you can possibly imagine some of the protocols that. I teach come on in don't be shy s right. Some of the protocols.

I teach can take a person from being a complete stranger to on the verge of falling in love with you in as little as 15 minutes now just because we can do that doesn't mean we should as any of you have ever been caught in a relationship for 6 months that went absolutely nowhere will test to right. How many people especially ladies how many people here would like to find better men raise your hands how many guys here this is funny how many guys here would just like to get more women raise your hand okay. We have one honest guy in the room all right. You guys got to relax man seriously everybody stand up everybody stand up.

I want you to look. At the person to the right. Or left you reach out shake their hand look. Him in the eyes.

Smile and go go ahead just do it man just cut [Music] loose how you doing sweetie how are you. I'm. David nice to meet you come on in guys it's all right. Just let it rip just go you laugh.

I put people into trance this way have a seat all right. It's okay. If. I take this jacket off cuz.

I'm really tired of being formal the beginning of the product is done. I can get casual now and they didn't give me a chair. So. I can't sit and really just kind of bond with you all.

So the. First thing. I want to talk about is is is literally this whole concept of. I call it the checklist depending on what.

Niche. I'm teaching whether. I'm teaching an audience of primarily men you might hear me call it the orgasm code right. Um and.

I'm dealing with women. I talk about the ideal lover checklist the bottom line is men and women both do this men need the training more than you do. I'm sorry we're just dumb as rocks okay. Um.

I just finished teaching a two-day class on what we call self-mastery it was a class on how to reprogram how to find and remove all your limiting belief beliefs all your baggage how to recreate your own identity from the ground up really powerful stuff on mental training highly recommend that course we have a few graduates of that course if and if they want. I'll. Point them out and you can talk to them about that. But um one of the things that we have to do is we got to clear up our crap if we want to attract better people we got to clear our crap up.

First and foremost because they're going to affect what you project onto the world how many people here kind of open loop myself. But. I'll get back to it eventually just watch how many people here by show hands tend to keep attracting the same kind of person into their life how many people don't admit it which is usually what it is right. You see these templates that that we move through the world in these little checklists most of them are programmed into us before we even realize there that the people around us us are let's put it this way before a z.

AG 0 to 5 is when most of this stuff gets programmed in. So the dominant templates by which you sort tend to be your parents or the people in those roles when you were young after that it becomes uh the people who gave you the most pleasurable experiences man it's really loud most pleasurable experiences in your early form of years you usually have lots of oxytocin involved okay. Um and uh we're going to if. Frank talk off feni you should probably run screaming for the exits now okay.

I. I do tend to wax. Politically. Incorrect sometimes just necessary it's fun to scare the.

Straits too right. Uh. So the checklist here's the bottom line on this every man or woman that you meet will in fact touch you the way they want to be touched in the place they want to be touched they will speak to you in the language unless they're trying to do something weird that they want to be. Ted to in it will literally come out of their mouth exactly what they want to hear all you have to do is avoid getting creative and give it back to them in the order and sequence that it comes out of their mouth and they will start to feel dramatically comfortable with you okay.

How many women here would like to have a guy who just seems to get her guess what. I just gave every man in this room the key to getting you okay. Because we don't know about this checklist now those of us who have an exposure to. NLP or even some forms of conversational hypnosis we understand this concept of pacing and leading of matching and mirroring it's.

I'm going. I'm going to try to minimize the jargon that. I'm throwing at you. But basically anything that somebody does and you do it back the nervous syst system treats that as a call to sameness okay.

The problem with sameness is that it's boring okay. And this is one of the big problems that we again. I'm going to try and lower this volume again because. I keep getting feedback on this is that better okay.

All right. I hate that high pinched wi it throws it throws off my flow. Anyway. So bottom line is when you're getting intimate with somebody they will in fact stand if they have any kind of social.

Acuity whatsoever the way they want to relate to you we're going to talk about seven stages of body language. So you can literally look. At any two people interacting or group of people and speedread who's attracted to who see this is one of the big problems that guys have you're going to hear me mock banging on guys a lot because we're dumb as rocks we really are. I see.

I have a few supporters out there right. Um in 2005 just to give you an idea. I was voted one of the top 10 attraction and sexuality experts by. Art of art of approaching. comom because.

I had developed a system for becoming any woman's ideal lover linking those feelings to me in such a way that the more she spent time with me to happier she got okay. Would any woman here like that skill in a man that the longer you spent time with him the happier they you got yeah possible oh yeah. But some people might not consider it fair why because most a lot of people move through the world thinking that if. I have to do something that's not natural that's something that.

I have to think about or or. I wasn't born with. Then it's somehow wrong to those people who might have that feeling. I have this to say stop washing your hair stop going to the hairdresser stop getting your nails done because it's no.

Different maybe the scale maybe the degree right. But don't we all want to look. Our best why we didn't come out of the womb that way we certainly didn't come out looking our best did we we certainly didn't smell all that great and yet we do these things because we do care because we do want people to like us here's the thing about the kind of relationship. I'm talking about engineering your ideal relationships.

I'm talking about becoming somebody who engenders an intense desire to be and stay with you and there's a caveat to that couple of things. First of all cell phone's off or. I will hunt you down when you start applying the principles that. I'm talking about you won't have a problem attracting people you will have a problem getting rid of them which means you better have a damn good way to sort for the kind of people that you want to spend time with right.

You see the people that we attract in our life are more often than not based on templates people we identified with as children or in our early years who in com of just being present in our world of having that place of being ultimate. Authority in our lives mommy daddy okay. We love them and we start to project that onto the world and we look. For those people ironically even though they may not physically match how our father looked or our mother looked there will be characteristics there will be attitudes and behavioral traits that we are naturally predisposed to gravitate to not because we enjoy them this is a big one okay.

This is where it starts to get a little heavy you might want to eat a lot of chocolate now you might have heard some famous uh attraction gurus and uh teachers say this phrase attraction is not a choice we don't wake up one morning walk down the street see some random stranger go. I'm going to be attracted to him and if we do they usually run screaming the other way right. We do not sort as children and we're going to go back to the womb. So we can understand where the stuff starts.

So we can begin to change it. So we can begin to create and become the kind of person that can get the kind of guy or gal that we really want not the one that was programmed into. US randomly okay. So how does this start well let me write this out this is your brain on.

David okay. Now we like to think we're really smart people this has nothing to do with intelligence and everything to do with storage and what got there. First your brain is hardwired not to sort for good or bad at least not in the sense that we as adults understand it there's either comfortable or uncomfortable. But it gets even more.

Primal it's either familiar or it's unfamiliar to use a therapeutic model. But i' uh for anybody who's been in or has known other people in abusive relationships you might find similar patterns here one of the clinically one of the things that. I deal with a lot is is repressed emotion almost every every every case. I deal with when it comes to to helping women especially with pain um.

I don't get like regular weight loss. I get traumatic stuff uh almost always has some kind of sexual abuse or molestation issue that comes up okay. I deal a lot with those issues. I help people get through them.

I help people put them behind them stuff like that when you come into this world you are one big blank hard drive you barely have an operating system to use a computer metaphor to your brain whatever comes. First becomes the standard by which everything else is measured by it becomes what's familiar if you're brought into a into an environment where you're held you're taught uh you're comforted those things are comfortable right. They're good and there may be eventually a word associated with that we come to know as love trust me. I have.

I have a 10-month-old she does not know what love means. But she knows when she feels it okay. She does not understand love yet at least not how we understand it that's a very evolved perspective. But at her most basic fundamental.

I also have a 22-year- old. So. I run the gamut you know. God's getting back at me she does understand what's familiar and she understands what's comfortable if she has a choice if she has to choose more often than not she'll sort for what's familiar you will too what's familiar is usually what's there.

First okay. This is why if you have somebody like when you're dealing with an alcoholic or somebody who chronically gets in abusive relationships that person may be brought into a relationship that there's a lot of yelling going on there's a lot of arguing you know you might get things like. I'm a drunk my father's a drunk she'll be a drunk too right. And even though it's not directed at the kid it's in the kid's presence we did a whole segment uh during our.

Last two trainings on internal dialogue and you'll notice when we start to play with dialogue and these little voices in your head you'll notice they're at different places they usually correspond to where the dominant authority figures in your life were standing at the time because most of us the voices are here and here and here very seldom are they down here that's cuz we're down here this is usually where we are when those voices are speaking we identify with the voices and the dominant authority figures in our life they become the template by which we start to create our own checklists does it match or doesn't it is it familiar or unfamiliar and that's what you will unconsciously sort for okay. It gets deeper. But you know. I don't want to get too crap now most normally organized people love means feeling good feeling happy.

But for some some people love has a couple other elements in it that we don't normally consider like stress anxiety why because those were the emotions that were going on when the word love was being thrown around they got hardwired. Ino. Okay. Every now and.

Then when. I teach this part of the segment. I see. I hear.

I see some guy go because now they're think oh my. God. I'm going to marry my mother right. Or something or something weird there are things you can do all right.

But understand that this becomes the skeleton by which everything else is influenced okay. It's also why a lot of times our parents tend to hate the people we pick because there's something about them that mirrors back to those people something they don't like about themselves which brings us to our. Next our. Next lesson and how you actually work now the cool thing is is using the technology of.

NLP hypnosis energy work we can fix it you're not broken none of you are broken trust me on this none of you are broken you just as. Richard bandler likes to say you you're doing stupid [ __ ] what does that really mean it just means that you're thinking about things in a certain way that's not getting you what you want and until you understand how to run your brain you will continue to have thoughts and memories and ideas that were put in there without your consent most of the time without your realization and they will continue to run your life in my persuasion and influence courses. I teach people anything outside of your awareness is outside of your control when. I teach guys how to become the kind of lover.

Every. Woman dreams about the. First rule is pay attention pay attention because she will give you all the information that you need to make her ridiculously happy okay. She will do it and she will love you for it see they agree all right.

So questions on this part. I don't want to get too deep into it because this isn't the therapy class this is about understanding why you why you might keep attracting the same kind of people into your life it's not about good or bad it's about what was there. First and what you're sorting for this is also why you can meet a great guy or a great girl who's everything you ever wanted or dreamed in a relationship it short circuits in half the time because it doesn't match your template it doesn't match this goes to self-esteem and self-image a lot of what goes into our self-image and our self-esteem are based on the on the templates we had when we were babies from zero to five we have no. Conscious mind and as our self.

IM changes the things we accept the things we refuse to accept change this is why we have a thing called. The. First. Wives.

Club guys know what this is these guys are too young to remember the movie this is why many times and ladies you've heard it a thousand times you've probably read the book. And seen the movie two people meet in undergraduate education or maybe in high school sweethearts he has this aspiration to be a world famous heart surgeon or plastic surgeon or some kind of high level. Mucky muck and she. Works her butt off to help him get through.

Medical. School help him become you know climb that corporate ladder he gets to that. Fortune 500. CEO position and dumps her for a model why his self-image changed what he thought he deserved changed had nothing to do with whether he loved her or not actually it's how he sees himself you see we we have this thing called resistance in our life and resistance crops up in one of four basic ways we resist anything that challenges or calls into question how we see oursel we resist or move away from anything that jeopardizes how we think other people will see us and we inherently resist anything that contradicts what we know to be true now there's one other kind of resistance that rears its ugly head.

I lovingly call it the [ __ ] you factor this is called reactants okay. You will most likely experience this anytime your parents don't want you to date the person you're you're currently dating okay. They come home you bring the guy home or the girl home and the. First words out of her mouth you know it's oil and water right.

There right. But you keep seeing them or you keep seeing her in spite of what your parents say and even though you might not have been that attracted to him right. Away the longer they talk the better he looks okay. That's called reactants it's a natural hardwired reaction to any kind of persuasion that we're getting that we didn't ask for you know when.

Mom gives you her opinion whether you ask for it or not that little that's reactance okay. Yes. Can you get that with your kids yes. My kids do that too yeah you it's it's hardwired into every human being on the planet.

So the secret becomes how do we make people want to do the things we want them to do ah. I'm glad you asked all right. We needed to cover these foundations because some of the things. I will say to you will give you that.

Pro that that visceral emotional response pay attention to that because every time something comes out of my mouth that gives you a less than positive emotional response something you need to explore okay. Part of my job is to make you painfully aware of some of the things you are running away from because it's the things you're running away from that keep pulling those other people into your life okay. All right. So most guys when it comes to meeting the ideal woman they have a problem the problem is a they're scared to death and the things that are supposed to work in a chronological linear progression because that's how guys think a causes.

B causes. C that's how we think. But that's not how women think as a rule not that they're dumb or irrational or anything like that. But as a rule and rules mean that they're true 51% of the time makes it useful um where's my.

Eraser is there eraser floating around right. Thank you problem is this useful information by the way cuz if. I'm going if. I'm running west looking for.

Sunrise. I need to know okay. What was. I what was the thing.

Last thing. I said before. I said where's my. Eraser anybody remember huh you're talking about how.

God think and how women okay. In neurolinguistic speak we have these things called language patterns they ways of speaking now certain language patterns give you these can can create certain effects in the brain and. Then they. Then they cause you to change your perceptions of the world because they change how your brain processes information guys as a rule tend to think in what is commonly referred to as cause and effect language the structured literally means.

X causes y. I was late today because traffic on mam. Mesa sucked it was bumper to bumper. I couldn't get there right.

Men tend to think that way. But there's an evil cousin. I shouldn't say evil it's actually pretty cool once you understand it. I'm going to give you a secret today a secret recipe today for making any relationship work would that be cool that be useful even if you're on the verge of divorce oo tall order huh.

I'm going to give it to you. But if you don't understand cause and effect and complex equivalence you won't be able to make it happen in a cause and effect relationship there is a sequential ordinal. X causes y causes. Z in a complex equivalence relationship x equals y they are the same.

So the joke the joke that my mom my my wife and. I. I kind of ban her about whenever we use this example. I invited her tonight because um this time of year is a very special time for us even though we met long before that.

But uh. So. I want to honor her a little a little bit if she shows up if not. Then.

I'll just talk about her um. But. I was traffic on. Mir.

Mesa was. Bumper to. Bumper and that's why. I'm late somebody who's doing a complex equivalence relationship if you were a better planner you wouldn't have been late does this sound familiar the story we used to say is you know.

I'm sorry honey. I was late you know. I. I got caught held up at the office traffic was a bare.

I'm sorry. I'm late because of of all these things that's why. I didn't pick jack up a daycare if you'd. Lov.

Jack you'd picked him up does these sound familiar not necessarily the content. But the structure if you to. X you a why right. This is one of the reasons in relationships we have trouble because a man's going to give you all the reasons why something is is is is the way it is a woman's going to tell you what it means and that's why you don't get each other a lot of the times because everything you do gentlemen means something to her to us it's inconsequential these were just elements that happened that led to the result not to her everything ladies true or not true everything we do in your world has a meaning it's not just a random event welcome to the cause of most trouble in a relationship.

But wait there's more here's the worst part well. I'm going to give you since we're on relationships. I'll just kind a little bit this. Then we'll talk about meeting and approaching would that be okay.

Because someday if you guys actually use this stuff you might actually get in a relationship and you might want to hold on to it right. Women ladies no. Disparagement in uh there's a book. Called brain.

Rules by a guy named. John. Medina how many people have that book. If you don't get it in that book.

I think he talks about this. But if not there's a a video floating around on. YouTube where he's lecturing at. Google and he talks about this when women get stressed out they get tense they get anxious they get progressively more picky and detail oriented in.

NLP terminology we call them down chunkers they get more you know you if they're having a bad day and you leave the toilet lid seat up okay. It's not going to stop at the toilet lid seat okay. It's going to be the toilet seat was up she nearly fell in it was the middle of the night you also left the tooth the cap off the toothpaste when will you grow up sound familiar. First wife was practice.

Anyway um if. I've known. Then what. I know now.

But here's my point when guys get that we start to defend ourselves which only makes it worse okay. I'll tell you all about the. Dynamics of this. Later from the from the male perspective guys it's not rational it's not logical all right.

I left the toilet seit up was the middle of the night. I was tired. I'm sorry. Let.

It. Go no. Because she needs to tell you how she she feels because if she doesn't she can't let it go your job is to let her vent the magic. Mantra honey.

I'm sorry. I was wrong will get you out of everything regardless of how egregious as long as you're sincere with it sincerity is important right. Because they got [ __ ] to detector is bigger than you this is one of the reasons why a lot of the times when we're out in the dating environment we just get we get complete cold shoulder from women and don't know why guys you got to understand something your woman is brilliant any woman you approach really is brilliant what do. I mean by that what.

I mean is her her emotional intelligence her ability to analyze and codify tiny body language. SE cues little voice inflections is off the charts for the average woman compared to guys most guys we're dumb as bricks okay. I make a joke. But it's literally sometimes as bad for a guy to figure out if a woman's attracted to him she would almost literally have to go and.

Then he'd still wonder okay. But why why why am. I even bringing this up because how many guys in the field have noticed that sometimes when they approach a woman in a club or a high a high populated social interaction there's this little [ __ ] screen that comes up this little cold shoulder that just kind of radiates off like you get within like you know 10 ft of her and like the temperature starts to decrease and frost comes out right. Little light goes on inside when she talks you ever wonder why it's not about you like what you see the socialization that women receive and.

Men receive are dramatically different your woman is the average woman is brilliant she is trained to hone in on subtle body language cues voice shifts that let her know when the conversation is over because she's moving through the world assuming every everybody around is doing it the way she does when she gives you these subtle cues that the conversation isn't going anywhere it's over you don't get it and when you don't get it she has to keep escalating because you still aren't getting it until. Finally she literally has to blow smoke in your face and turn her back to you before you'll get the hint now women don't want to have to do that. But their socialization is such that they didn't see women women want you to approach here's the thing. I want you to get they don't want to be mean they're not doing it out of meanness they're doing it out of fear what she looked at me and made my nard shrivel what mean fear you see women have different anxieties about interacting with men than men do about women see guys you're afraid when she walk when you walk up to her after you've mustered up your courage sent all your mantras pumped yourself up got best your best.

Duds on you're afraid she's going to reject you right. We'll get into that. But women it's a little bit different you see women as a rule are taught to be nice they're taught to be considerate they're taught to go the extra mile they're also taught when to figure things out. But they're not taught how to get themselves out of situations that aren't going well their.

Pro their problem isn't that they don't want you to approach their problem is they don't know how to extricate from themselves from it if it goes wrong you understand they they're afraid of getting into an interaction that they can't get out of ladies true not true okay. That's why we use time constraints you use time constraints. I don't. I don't engage in those kind of things all right.

That would be that would be manipulative and guys know what he's you know what he's saying you know what he's talking about when he says time constraints what's your name again. Cynthia. Cynthia. I don't have a lot of time right.

Now. But. I just wanted to talk and meet you because you look. Really interesting.

I have to go right. How many people have been the victim of one of those those lines out there right. It's a very good tactic it takes the stress off because it make it gives the person the impression that you'll be leaving soon. So they relax right.

And it works okay. Has not it's been around for about 30 years though in spite of what the pickup. Community want you to believe right. This is not about doing this is not about tricks by the way everything.

I'm going to teach be teaching you and sharing with you is about ethics and honesty and openness. But they are strategically valid they work. I don't invest my time and energy in low percentage techniques okay. Okay.

Everything is about being authentic. But we need to understand the. Dynamics of what's going on with the other side see cuz until you understand how they see the world how they move through the world you won't be able to change what you're doing you won't be able to understand it and you won't be able to adapt and if you can't adapt you die it's just survival 101 right. So understand this women are have that [ __ ].

Shield not because they want to be mean not because they get off on making you feel this big. But because they're afraid their defense mechanisms are such that they need to protect themselves from getting into a deep interaction that they can't remove themselves from. Once that's taken care of they're much more open to becoming approachable see ladies your job if you want better men the men you want in your life are the ones you're scaring away the men you want in your life the ones who would respect your boundaries who would bend over backwards to give you every romantic adventure every every moment of being swept off your feet of surrendering to that passion and that intimacy you've always dreamed of will never approach you you know why because most women are socialized into giving off body language signals that only attract people who are extraordinarily arrogant and self-confident who are not put off by boundaries these are people who have no. Regard for boundaries as a rule this is why the average nice guy has to psych themsel up to approach you because it's not natural whereas if you were willing to be more approachable to signal that you wanted to be approached you would get approached by more of the kind of guys you want see how the system's rigged everything you're you're not broken everything you're doing has a positive intention behind it.

But the other results the way it's being interpreted by the other side who have their own socialization their own checklist are causing this disconnect. So ladies your job is to learn to become more approachable how do you learn to become more approachable a understanding body language. But the most important one is to develop very socially and progress socially acceptable and. Progressive ways to systematically remove yourself from any interaction that's not going in the direction you want it to go right.

And there's some there's some good books. I'll recommend. Later that are are are good ways to start referencing that okay. Guys you want to become you want to understand that when she approaches you if you learn what to look.

For and you learn how to talk to her in a way that she when she talks to you she sees the best parts of her reflected in you she will become dramatically attracted to you right. I'm not talking about being inauthentic. I'm about showing the woman the parts of you that are most like her because remember too much sameness boring too much difference dangerous. But that right.

Mix of excitement and safety ah now we're cooking now we have the stuff of every romantic adventure and every romance novel ever created right. I spent a lot of time studying romance novels okay. There's a lot you can learn gentlemen okay. So questions on this this means yes.

This means no. There will be a test. Later all right. Right.

Tell you what one quick question when you said to see the best uh that part of her that's reflected in you isn't that what you said mhm okay. So how would that relate to sort of like the dance of the polarities of the male and the female because you know the the woman is bringing a certain kind of energy to the table and the man as well. So if you're reflecting back that something that's in her already it seems to me that you know there's a something maybe you want to strive also for something just said was you need to have enough similarities that you're safe. But enough differences that you're exciting right.

And that's that dance of polarities that you're talking about when it's all one polarity it's just there's right. Right. You know and that's that's where the intimacy and the passion comes from the intimacy comes from the sameness from the openness the sharing the excitement comes from the differences yes. I know a female that always has a smug look.

On her face mhm and all the men approach her yep would you like to know why and she never satisfied with anyone why do you think that is my friend and. I we're not like that we're fun and gay and they don't talk to us. So do you want to know how to excite those guys is that what you want to do not really. But.

So she's attracting guys you don't want. But you want more attention. Anyway she's just any random guy any random guy well. So we're not going to say she's easy just often right.

But she just gets a lot of male attention yes. Okay. Nothing wrong with that as long as you know how to handle it right. There's a lot of people um and there's a lot again we can go way off into that you know learning to understand the different types of women.

W that's a whole it's a whole different kettle of fish. But we're going to stumble this yes. So you said that you know why why it's interesting that you bring this up again another segue right. I was about to give you a break.

So you can eat chocolate drink coffee and go potty. But now. I have to go into something and get to get more. Neuroscience jeez is this good stuff though are you good are you guys okay.

Okay. This the the the neuroscience and the explanations make it sound very very complicated it's actually very simple once we know what we're dealing with okay. All right. This is going to get a little convoluted actually no.

It won't get convoluted we're going to have some fun everybody stand up hi. Sheila. Shayla. Shayla see.

I got it wrong on the. First try how about that all right. Here's what. I want to do.

I want everybody to just get your space and what. I want you to do is. I want you to remember a time in your life when you knew when you realized and felt absolutely attractive and and and you knew it because a the way people around you were responding to you and you knew it and. Then what.

I want you to do is as soon as you have that feeling what. I want you to do is backtrack to a couple of minutes before you realized it when you were still in that feeling. But the realization hadn't hit you yet close your eyes. Now notice where in your body that feeling lives as you notice where it lives just point to it look.

At it with your inner eyes. Notice there's a color associated with that feeling and now let's just pretend for a moment that we can reach into that spot grab all that energy take it out and hold it in our hands in front of us just reach in and grab it take it out you don't have to believe it you just do it grab it with both both your hands notice it's moving in a certain direction pay attention to the direction it's moving. First impression now double the spin double the speed at which it's moving double the amplitude and just keep physically doubling that energy until it's takes on a life of its own until it becomes impossible to stop when you know you've got it. I can tell who's going to get it and who not slam it back in notice the change notice how wonderful that feels now open your eyes.

And look. Around the room this is a hell of a good-looking room right. Now what did we just do there go back to that feeling of being totally attractive not attracted attractive when you knew it you felt it it was undisputable. I want you to stand the way you were standing.

I. Want. You to. Breathe the way you were breathing okay.

And lock it in notice what starts to happen to your feelings how you physically feel as you assume that posture of being absolutely attractive now while holding that same breathing rate that same posture that same everything without changing anything try to feel ugly notice you can't really do it without changing how you're standing now go back to feeling attractive stand even bigger that's how she does it when you move through the world holding a certain physiology having your nervous system in a certain configuration the emotional states that you live in radiate out to everyone around you and they perceive you exactly the same way the problem is that most of us are practicing shitty physiology which leads to shitty emotional states which leads to us being less than attractive most of the time it's really that simple it's not about what you believe it's about what you're doing with your body prove me wrong everybody close your eyes. Because. I want you looking at me when you do this. I want you to remember a time when you felt less than attractive okay.

As. George. Carlin would say those those days where we suffer from severe appearance deficit right. Remember that time and you knew it you could tell by the way people responding to you you weren't uh you weren't being seen in the best possible light and now what.

I want you to do while holding that physiology. I can see who's doing it and who's not that's called the [ __ ] you factor by the way those of you who. I tell you to do something and you just refuse to do it try to feel attractive without changing anything use all the willpower you have. But keep that crappy physiology notice what happens now while holding on to the crappy.

I'm unattractive. State mentally shift your body back to the oh my. God. I'm.

So hot stage and notice what happens oh guys just went from a five to a 10 really [ __ ] quick is it really that easy [Music] mhm sit down all you hot people simple right. The only thing you have to remember guys and girls is that every feeling that we have in the body emotionally cognitively has a corresponding physiology a corresponding posture rate of breathing everything every feeling or every state has a feeling and a body posture every body posture has a feeling in our advanced classes and we teach persuasion and influence things like that we spend a lot of time understanding this connection there's a. Technique we call the. Rockstar technique and a lot of what.

I teach teach was actually designed uh for women to attract guys. I had to tweak a lot of it. So that we could the guys could actually have a chance with the ladies. So when.

I when. I tell you things a lot of it has been field tested by women to get the kind of guys they want there's a technique called the. Rockstar technique where the equivalent of it in our in our conversational persuasion and influence course is the. Master and.

Commander technique. Story. Goes. Like.

This there was a woman who hon us an attractiveness was probably around a 6 or seven not super hot right. And yet whenever she went out whenever she went to a club she owned the room every guy in the place wanted to be with her and the girls were like all the nines and tens were beside thems how is this happening is she like putting out on the side what's going on no. She rarely left with the guys who were you know hanging out and. Then one day uh a smart guy pulled her aside and said hey let me ask you a question what's your secret why do you have how do you have all these guys hanging out and wanting to you know be in your entourage.

So to speak she said well it's real simple before. I go out every night. I imagine. I'm a rock star and.

I stand like. I'm a rock star. I imagine myself as a rock star and. I am and when.

I walk in the room. I move like. I'm a. Rockstar everybody's there to see me and guess what pretty soon everybody there is there see her really no.

Yeah now the. Neuroscience comes out everybody here ever something called mirror neurons okay. If you haven't you should study them because it is it is one of the the most important medical discoveries of our of our age okay. Mir neurons they are in fact the physiological basis for empathic communication okay.

On a most on the most basic level the way they discovered this was there was uh some researchers in. Italy and they were doing some uh some studies on movement and and how how the brain interprets information and one of the lab assistants was peeling a banana and. Then they had these reesus monkeys. I think they were uh hooked up to these eegs.

EKGs eegs weird brain instruments technical term and the monkey was all hooked up and he's just kind of hanging out and he's watching the lab assistant peel a banana and one of the lab the other lab techs happened to be looking at the instruments and he noticed something about the readings the areas of the brain in the monkey that were firing were the same areas that would be active if he were actually peeling the banana. So literally what happens is when you observe somebody doing something your nervous system fires off all of the same neurological connections as if you were actually doing it okay. That's one side of a many faceted equation. I'm going to give you another one really really quick.

I will do my best to keep it simple. But if you understand empathy. Then we understand how we can begin to create. States in other people by having them ourselves by holding certain physiologies we empathically communicate information outside of conscious awareness okay.

Scientists again overfunded and really bored set up an experiment this was once again a male to female. Dynamic we'll put the male over here we put the female over here and they took. For this example. I.

I don't know the actual number they used. But to keep it simple we'll say they had five random photographs of people appear uh in in had various ranges of. Attraction from you know really low severe appearance delit you know the fillest dealers of the world and uh very very attractive they had five random resumés dossier curriculum. V whatever word you want to apply to it they paired these up randomly and gave it to this gentleman who was.

Then told to engage in a phone conversation with who he thought was this person wasn't was completely blind these two engaged in a conversation at the end of the conversation our. Manny. Man was asked to evaluate the female based on the interaction consistently whenever the man thought he was talking to an attractive well accomplished woman most by the way the the primary uh variable in this was the picture he consistently damn he consistently rated her as being more talented more socially. Adept more competent more everything okay.

When the woman asked how she felt the interaction went she reported that she felt like the guy on the other phone really got her like he was present he understood her like the conversation went very very well when the lady was uh one of severe appearance deficit paed with the same resume our. Manny. Man here consistently rated her lower in. Social adeptness intelligence.

Talent everything now by the way this worked the other way too. I believe. So it's. I'm being.

I'm being unilateral here. But that's not the really cool part you might think it would be they. Then took. The audios of these interactions and they ferociously edited them to the only thing left were the audio.

Snippets of her responses to him nothing of the mail remained they. Then played those audios to an independent panel of analysts and judges who are. Then asked to rate the female on the same criteria as this gentleman based solely on the quality of her verbal. Behavior 100% mat something in the way the gentleman on the other end of the phone saw this woman was transmitted verbally and non-verbally to.

This. Woman's nervous system in such a way that she literally took. On the behaviors that projected that result to everyone around her this is happening to you all the time outside of your conscious awareness and you were doing it to other people okay. Now the question is what the hell do you do with that well in the world according to.

David we have this thing called the acceptance rejection projection connection which is a real long drawn out way of saying your checklist you see human beings unlike most of. God's creatures have the capacity for reflective thought we have the ability to have thoughts about our thoughts to have feelings about our feelings and to assign an arbitrary value to those feelings and those identities that we see man just not my day for good sound huh let's try this that might work. So many times the way people see us is a reflection of how we see ourselves because that's what we do when we approach especially guys okay. Ladies might not realize this.

But whenever a guy is getting ready to approach a woman he's going to do basically one of two things unless he's trained. But this is usually what he defaults to hey he sees a woman he wants to talk to the. First thing goes oh she's nice. I'd like to meet her she's going to reject me and he never never approaches right.

Or this is the fun one he sees her he's like she's amazing. I have to meet her and he imagines himself walking up they lock eyes. The chemistry is there everything clicks and they're together and it's passionate it's wonderful for three or four months and. Then suddenly the relationship ends tragically she leaves him heartbroken breath and he never approaches you laugh we do this [ __ ] to ourselves.

But if we're running those highly charged emotional movies in our head what do you think we're projecting what do you think we're training the people we're going to interact with to do this is why your lady is always being approached because she's carrying herself in a way that radiates an identity. Then what happens afterwards. Ah that's the rub 100 dates. First dat well we got to learn the sort don't we see part of the problem is hey knowing the shit's going on and.

Then what we do about it right. See most of most of the ladies in here have no. Problem attracting guys they don't all right. I don't care if you're a supermodel or.

Phyllis. Diller you probably don't have any trouble attracting people they're just not the ones you want true or not true okay. Why because the signals we're sending out we're not aware of we know what we want to send out. But there's another layer the layer we didn't know was there.

First right. Based on our our history the dominant authority figures in our life all this stuff. But we're moving through the world male or female makes no. Difference projecting onto everyone around us exactly what's right.

And appropriate for. US based on our map of the world our experience and when we meet someone who even partially matches that map we hold on we hold on tight why because we're afraid there won't be something better there won't the. Next thing that comes along might be worse right. How many guy how many of you ladies how many of you have dated a guy who's got potential.

I can't tell you how guys is this news to you it's like holy [ __ ] because women don't see you as you see yourself they see you how you could be based on their map of. Your. World guys to just do the same thing see most guys want to give women the sexual fantasies they want them to have instead of the ones they really want right. It's all about understanding the other person's way of seeing the world and being willing to do one of two things only accept people who match or be willing to change your map to accommodate theirs now as a rule women are far more hardwired to doing this than men okay.

Because their socialization teaches them to do it they don't realize that that's what they're doing they just know that they're putting the other guys's needs ahead of their own and. Then of course that they get married and they have kids and she has a career now she's soccer mom now she's career woman now she's dutiful wife and. Homemaker 20 years. Later at the end of the day she's exhausted and there's nothing left for her because she married a good guy arguably good provider stable exciting as toast who might have been a very exciting guy when they.

First met only soon as she said. I do he stopped doing why because socially programmed roles take over you become different people because the identity roles you've taken on change. So how do you fix it it's real simple if you're married date your wife be the guy she fell in love with not the guy she's married to do all the things that got that you did to get her to fall in love with you in the. First place and you know what the girl will come out because she never left she just put everybody else.

First for those of you who eventually wind up in a relationship that's the beginning never stop seducing your wife never stop dating her never be that guy okay. Just an idea. So we've gone deep into the science we've given you a little some heavy [ __ ] right. You guys having fun with this yes.

All right. Let's take a um let's take a 10-minute break guys go potty have lots of chocolate drink lots of caffeine we'll come back we'll get into some actual techniques okay.
