Title: I5b-K3MVsF8.txt
Video Id: I5b-K3MVsF8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5b-K3MVsF8

Come on back guys probably never even noticed we went an extra 40 minutes time sure flies when you hypnotize come on back all right. Very cool very cool all right. So what did we discover from this simple process what' you learn it's a lot easier to talk to people when you have a game plan isn't it yeah isn't it amazing how many people here hate small talk like me did small talk sudden they get easier yes. We didn't do it it didn't it wasn't small.

Dr didn't stay there very long did it it never does that's the point how many people notice that the moment you started giving their words back to them the floodgates of verbiage opened they just started spewing they started talking and talking and talking that's the magic you see when a person gets their own words back to them they've gotten the most important thing that they can get in that moment validation see we're all moving through the world desperate to be accepted desperate to be heard and understood and the moment we get that we. Orient like a magnet and we want it. So much we want to make sure they get it all and the words just start flowing regardless of how hesitant the words are at. First the more you begin to.

Echo the more rapidly they begin to talk that talking is the process of connection for them the longer they talk the more attractive you become guys notice that right. When you start echoing you can begin to use that information and the feelings that you generate to take them where they want to go now the interesting what happens a lot of times especially for people who haven't engaged in this process for very long they say well do. I really understand the person when. I just.

Echo their words actually better than they do better than most people who just talk to them in their own words see and yet every one of you is unique. But not that much enough to be awesome the same enough to be useful. So that you know how to navigate their internal reality you see we're all on a quest to be gotten we're all on a quest to be understood to connect to feel okay. And when we get the opportunity when we start to get the idea that here's someone who gets us and accepts us man we don't want to give that up we don't want to give it up anybody notice you didn't want to come back to the room right.

All you did was. Echo words what happens. Next we go even deeper now you had a question that. I was working with the young lady what was your question are you just you were just watching with rapid detention oh when you were working yeah.

I was just watching okay. Um every now and. Then. I randomly pull someone out of the audience and just do change work on them because it's fun for me and because.

I love watching the lights come on. I love watching their. Spirit expand and light up comes out their eyes. It's amazingly cool very fulfilling.

So that's how you get started it doesn't matter how superficial or deep the conversation is it gets the pump primed it allows people to begin the process of connecting now how many people by how many people here are. Prim are here primarily for a sales or a a client. Prospect conversion relationship you know what. I mean converting clients to prospects or selling a product or service okay.

How many people are here for romantic reasons how many people here are lying to me have no. Clue why they're [Music] here you just want to learn cool right. Right. This is where this is and again this is my model this is what.

I do um there's a lot of systems like. NLP is one of the systems. I pull from holographic memory resolution um conversational nois. I pull from a lot of different areas to create this system this is the system.

I didn't develop this for you. I developed it for me okay. And the things. I've been able to do with it the things my students have been able to do with it it's not uncommon for people applying this strategy to bump their sales close ratio from 20 to 40% in everything from time shares to door to-door.

Home. Improvements okay. So those of you again by. So.

I need this is another thing that we need to cover because. I'm seeing it here and it's one of the reasons. I'm having trouble telling you where to go. Next you never enter any influence or persuasion out uh interaction without knowing what you want in advance in other words you have to have an outcome know what you want to achieve in that interaction if you don't know what you want to achieve in that interaction you usually wind up making a friend and accomplishing nothing else.

So you need to create this this connection this. Dynamic within the context of why you're there for a lot of you that's about going to the bank right. Uh for a lot of you it's about connecting with a person for a relationship which brings us to the code the code in in. NLP speak is called.

Criterion values or cnv as. I like to call it okay. The. C another way to say the crit.

IA is another way is another way you could say checklist there's a checklist there's an order of phenomena or prerequisites that have to be satisfied before a certain feeling is generated in the body now what will usually happen there once we have these these phenomena satisfied we generate a feeling and we call that feeling. X or label. So for instance one of the most common uh that's a horrible. B isn't it let's try that again most of the time when.

I write up here. I don't write up here for the audience and. I really do it to torment the people watching this on the video camera. So.

I'm just that way. But here's the point there the. Criterion values comes in three parts the checklist which is the most overlooked piece of the criteria values equation. Then there's the feeling that we generate and.

Then the the label we assigned to it people fall in love with the labels they assign. So you never try to change those you. Echo those as often as you can just echoing the label they use to describe the feeling will trigger it you understand you don't need to dig down as long as you use their words you'll always be in there in that space does that make sense you want to know what the checklist is. So if um can.

I get someone what's. Miss what's your name. I'm. Stacy.

Stacy welcome. I'm. David you can stay here it's okay. Um.

I'm curious is this your. First time with us yeah. I'm curious just. So.

I understand you a little bit better what brought you out tonight what made you want to come out um. So. I'm graduating soon for um a cardiac stenographer oh. So you're gradu just.

So. I her accents my wife is. Chinese by the way um. So you're graduating soon as a cardiac stenographer yeah.

So um. I want to think about you know going to interview how. I'm going to successful in that how you going to be successful in an interview perfect. So.

So. I can help you more specifically uh what's important to you about being successful in an interview get a job get a job right. Obviously we want to get the job and. But and just any job no.

Cuz right. Now. I'm actually um doing my internship at. UCSD.

UCD okay. And. Then. I want to stay there you.

I want to be hired there. So. So um. But the thing is um.

I was kind of asking about if this opening or something like that. But um they didn't tell me anything they didn't tell you anything and. Then the graduation me like 2 months. So.

I want to see what. I can do okay. So you're graduating in 2 months they haven't called you back on the interview no. I'm just.

I'm still doing the clinic they still do. CL yes. Okay. So when is the interview um.

I'm not sure. I can get oh okay. So yeah. I just don't know well.

I don't know about helping get the interview. But. I know what to tell you to do when you get to the interview yeah because. I see the supervisor every day oh you do oh boy you got.

I'm going to load you up yeah. I. I see the supervisor every day. So um yeah.

So. I'm not sure how to how to approach it you ready if. I were to show you how to connect with your supervisor in such a way that he would think he couldn't think of anybody else for that position. So he would not only get that interview.

But absolutely nail it and be able to stay in. San. Diego what would that do what that wouldn't that do for you look. At her face you see it that's exactly what.

I'm about to teach you how to do cuz. I just did [Music] it how much of my words or hers right. If. I couldn't deliver what.

I'm about to teach her and you. I'd have to tell her okay. Here's the secret for every intern that your supervisor selects he has a checklist your job is to find out what that checklist is and embody it in other words take on the qualities the characteristics the attributes of that ideal intern okay. Every time you talk to him.

Echo his words and use this because what will happen is he will begin to trust you and believe in you and give you the same level of authority in his world as he gives himself okay. It's really that simple and. Then you just want to soften what you want to know and it would be very simple drct. So and.

So. I'm curious. I. I really want to stay in.

San. Diego and. I want to be the best the best intern the best clinician the best doctor. I can be and.

I think you're the. I know you hear this a lot free frame. I know you hear this a lot. But.

I think you are the. Absol you're my role model and. I'm curious if you could help me with something what do you look. For in in the best interns you've ever seen what what's the ideal intern for this position what what what what do you look.

For and what's important and he's going to give you a laundry list of things and he might he might dissemble a little bit and say well. I might take it on a case- by case basis and if that's the case well did you ever really bring someone on that you were really really proud that you did really really happy you with your decision right. The moment he does that he's going to start describing it. Echo those words.

Echo those words why because as he's talking about it he's looking at you and every feeling he brings up is becomes connected to you when you reflect his words back to him it amplifies the feeling okay. That's how you do it and. Then when it's time to apply for the interview or whatever you keep a note of every every value every on that checklist and at every interview there's always the place where they review the resumés and all that good stuff. But there's also a point in every interview where they look.

At you they kind of sit back and say is there anything else you would like us to know before as before we consider your application true not true true and that's your time to shine. Then we go well. Dr. So and.

So. I think that it's important for there for there to be a fit between any team and any doctor and. So. I want to make sure that there's a really good fit for both of us.

I want to make sure that. I can give you everything that you want in the way that you know you get it in the way that gives you the best feeling of confidence with me. But. I also need to make sure that it's a fit for me.

So would it be okay. If. I asked you a couple of questions what's important to you about the ideal intern person who can get the job done that you can have the most confidence in and you feel really confident about recommending about taking on this position and let him speak and the echo is going to start the longer list is going to come out whatever he says. However he says it agree.

Echo the words back if you did nothing else that would probably nail it for you. But. Then what you want to do. Then what you want to do look.

At her look. At how focused she is anybody not want to have that attention from a client yes. Right. Then what you do is you drill down just if you if it's if it's comfortable to do that you preframe it you say well just.

So. I understand you a little better maybe he says. I need an intern who. I can rely on who can think for them themselves who can follow the protocols who who who can stand on their own two feet without having to have their handheld and yet know when to not go off the script agree repeat those things back if necessary do one of two things you either point to the aspects of your your.

CV your resume the experiences in your past where you did exactly that and you tell the stories about them using his words to tell the story and if you want to go the other way you ask him. So if you had a if you if you saw someone you met you found an intern who was this and and expressed herself that way did these things in the way that you recognize that this was the right. Person for you you found somebody like that. I'm curious what's important about that and he's going to give you another series another checklist wash.

R repeat and what you'll see is you'll move from very very clinical very very dry facts figures you know basic attributes that every employee should have to the emotional reason why he wants those things and you'll get the same level you can't see how you're responding physically. But everybody else around you. I know what you're feeling okay. Feeling is pretty strong isn't it yeah yeah what you're going to see to whatever degree he's comfortable showing is exactly that same kind of emotional response and all you do is keep connecting what he wants to who you are using his words and at some point you'll know you said enough and you'll say thank you um for for being wanted to see me.

I hope to hear from you soon. I'm looking forward to be a great member of your team and to satisfying every single one of the things we talked about cuz. I really feel that we're a perfect fit how soon can. I get [Music] started would that be useful yeah thank you very much welome give her a big round of applause an alternate way to close that is to say um.

I'm curious what's what's the. Next step that we need to take if any to move this process forward yes. I have a question uh what if they're not really conscious about the words that are coming out of their mouth. I mean they're just saying that's even better for you.

Then how do you know what to how do you know whatever comes out of their mouth oh okay. That's how wonderful it is they could be saying. Mary had a little lamb it's weird does that sounds when they hear you say. Mary had.

So what about specifically about. Mary little had a little lamb was important oh well it's. I wish it was harder. But.

But. I me and one and one actually another one of the reasons why. I picked her a she's a she's just beautiful and obviously extremely smart. I must have a thing for doctors cuz.

I'm married one they're not as emotionally expressive [Music] right. They have to have that calm clinical demeanor right. If. I can get that level of expression.

I'm somebody trained not to show it now honestly she's her guard was down a little bit. But that's my point there's a very very big difference between emotional expressiveness and feeling and emotional depth people can be extremely emotional and never show it you can always tell that by their handwriting by by the way they're always heavy writers okay. I teach graph analysis too. So handwriting analysis was that a useful demonstration for her you think if she applies that she might win that [Music] interview you think that might be useful with a client you want to convert to a or a prospect you want to convert to a client now for those anybody here doing internet marketing okay.

You can do this exact same process. But uh at a little a slightly less superficial slightly more superficial level. But it's the exact same mechanism when people call now are you primarily an affiliate or uh you have your own products or. Services.

I. Services. Services okay. So may.

I ask what you. Ser what you sell or well. I maintain websites maintain websites okay. Perfect.

So. Then you feel a lot of calls about people wanting their websites brought back from the dead basically right. So. I would bet that you could probably rattle off from the top your head three to five questions your most common questions right.

Here's the thing when you create your marketing copy those are your headlines they don't call it copy writing for a. Reason by the way literally the most important headline should be the question you get most often okay. If you and for those of you who do any kind of copy or or copy based marketing if there's a topic or a niche that you want to if you if you studied any kind of copywriting or anything like that they're going to tell you you need to understand the language of your market right. There's a couple different ways to do that if you don't have any clients how do you find the language well you go to places like.

Amazon and you look. Up the books in your. Niche and you look. A at the titles of those books which one sells the most look.

At their table of contents that'll give you a basic idea. Then go to the comment section and look. At what people are saying look. At what they're asking there's your copy there's your copy it's the echo technique in mass and when they do call you on the phone this is by the way.

I used to have martial arts school in. Coral. Springs. Flor and this is how.

I signed up 90% of my calls my info calls sounded something like this ring ring hello this is. David. Coral. Springs martial arts academy how can.

I help you hi this is. Agnes. I'm uh. I'm looking for karate lessons for my 10-year-old son hey.

Agnes you're looking for karate lessons for your 10-year-old son great yeah how' you know that's they don't say that. But that's the tone of voice they get right. Well what's your son's his name is. Tommy tell me a little bit about.

Tommy well um he's uh he's a good kid you know. But he's a little small for his age and and he's really smart. But he's kind of's he's actually a great ahead and and. I.

I could use a little bit more you know. I'd like him to have a little bit more confidence he's a little smaller than the rest of the kids and. I'm afraid he might get picked on or bullied oh. I see.

So. Tommy's really smart and he's a little ahead of the curve and he's a year ahead and he's a little small and you're afraid he might get picked on all right. Yeah excellent well let me explain something to you about a little bit about our program. So you understand uh we have uh two programs that are available one is our for a little bit older kids about 11 to 11 to 13.

So. I don't think that would be a great fit for for. Tommy. But we do have one that's called our little ninjas program and what it does is it's designed to teach kids how to stand up for themselves how to think more clearly and be more assertive and to teach them that they could stand up for themselves and be focused in school and.

So if he's really smart like you say he'll get even smarter. So. I have a an uh we're offering a free 30 uh not a free 30-day trial. But a free uh three lesson trial and come in comes with a free uniform come in try it out with two private lessons in a group it's perfect for kids like.

Tommy who are in the age8 now 10 who are looking for a little bit more confidence a little bit more. Focus able to give them the ability to stand up to their you know to bullies and and be and stuff like that. I have an appointment available at 5:30 today or 6:30 tomorrow tomorrow which would be easier for you 6:30 tomorrow. I think would be good all right.

I'll pencil you guys in we'll bring. Tommy in and we he'll have some fun he'll get a free uniform he'll get to kick some stuff and we'll find out if this is a good fit for him would that be okay. Sure great. I'll see you.

Then right. Most of what. I said was just me repeating what. I said.

Remember the secret is use their words make sure there's a fit if. I only had a program for 11 to 13y old kids would it be ethical for me to try and get. Tommy in for that no. No.

Right. That's the secret all you want this is the difference between selling and offering in the world according to. David we don't sell selling involves pressure it involves uh you know if you don't do this today you're going to lose out forever in your life is going to suck bye right. We don't do that we do that we do have elements of scarcity in what we do because you need it by the way if you think scarcity is manipulative you you're going to be out of business quick everything you do has to have some element of scarcity or the human neurology will not take action it won't.

I've tested this. I've tried to beat this it doesn't work for every single offer you make no. Matter how massive it is or how small it is you got to have the element of scarcity and a call to action you got to tell them what to do. Next even if it's a freaking blog post how many people have a.

Blog for their business one person two people okay. No. Three okay. We got okay.

We've got the people who are telling the truth and. Then everybody else. I've got a. Blog.

But. I've got like nothing on it right. Exactly. I've got a oh.

I shouldn't tell you that that one. I'm gon tell you about that one how we doing on time. TJ half hour half hour okay. Is this useful okay.

So let me give you um the cliff notes for what. I just did with her what was your name again. Stacy. Stacy.

I had a stepdaughter named. Stacy. Anyway. So here's what.

I did with. Stacy once we got beyond the echo technique okay. It's really quite simple when you diagram it out by the way one of the fastest ways to remember the things. I tell you is to avoid writing it in words storyboard it using pictures and.

Graphics process. Maps that's the fastest way to remember these things your visual system processes information at least 12 times faster than any other system and it produces it it processes it simultaneously not sequentially. So if you want to optimize your learning even if you're not a visual learner the act of drawing your stuff activates your kinesthetic cortex. So you get two channels coming in plus you're hearing it that's multimodal learning if you can find a little scratch and sniff marker you can get the smells in there too.

But what what we did was we connected we started with the echo technique and it was superficial right. What brought you here tonight that by the way that's this one three-phase conversational framework what brought you here tonight that's called location occasion it takes you from inside your head and brings you out into the world where you can interact with another human being okay. Once we bring you out of your head and into the world now we can connect with you if they're always in their head you can't connect with them you've you you you've experienced this you've tried to talk to somebody who's in their head thinking about what they where they had they have pick up the dog kids from soccer class uh go to the bank right. They're just they're there.

But they're not there yeah engineer. Engineers programmers. I won't. I won't.

Point them out. But. I'll let you do that right. My point is when we start with this.

I had to get her out of her head and into an interaction with me out of her meat and well she still in the meat. But in this external environment in the now that's where connection takes place if you don't have it you can't get there it's like throwing wall like pebbles against the wall and hoping something knocks it over. So that's what that's what level three question is about our level one question is about. So echo location occasion it's a very superficial very safe level of interaction right.

You can do this in lines at. Starbucks. I used to do this all the time just for practice it's the small talk stage there's no. Intimacy there's no.

Obvious agenda it's just. So. I'm curious what brought you here tonight. Echo it ask another question question and this is the secret to this whenever you ask a question in anything.

I teach unless it. I strategically tell you to do otherwise you never a you always ask open-ended questions you never ask any question that can be answered yes. Or no. The magic is in the question and the process they go through to create the answer not the actual m words that come out of their mouth that feeds you gives you the fuel for the.

Next piece right. As you get deeper into this you'll get the subtleties more. But if. I tried to give you all the subtleties your brains would dribble out your ears your bleed from the nose and the eyes.

And it would just be ugly. But this is how we start we start with the echo location occasion and. Then. I asked her.

I'm curious what brought you out tonight she had a very very quick agenda we went right. To level two question real quick career passion career passion is one of the most important levels to this question process you can understand and the reason is is that in the. United. States as well as most other countries you are what you do when you ask somebody like um sir what do you do for a living myself yes.

Construction management you're a construction manager no. I'm in the construction management civil inspe you're in the construction management what are you doing. Nisha. I'm a program maner.

I'm a program manager do you see life insurance. I'm a life insurance man what do you do energy healing you're an energy healer right. Now you notice that most of them are are are leading off with a question a statement that goes something to the effect of. I'm a right.

When you hear that particular phrase what you're hearing is an identity statement in other words in the hierarchy of their belief systems in the hierarchy of their world viw they have equated what they do with who they are that is a very very powerful very very strong level of belief in fact it is. So strong it forms the pillars one of the pillars of who they are in this world as a person it is directly related to their criteria and values your criteria and values are also a fundamental building block of your identity it is the barometer the gauge with which you move through the world and determine what is right. And desirable for you versus what is not there is a human being this is important write this one down a human being cannot interact and have their criteria and value massaged talked about without experiencing connection and pleasure and. Rapport can't not happen conversely they cannot have their.

Criterion value is violated without experiencing emotional pain. So if there's someone in your life you want to get rid of you just figured out how to get rid of them if you got that guy who just won't leave violate his values he'll be gone like a rocket right. Now here's the functional part of this it is practically impossible for a person to act against their own criteria and values without experiencing emotional pain unless their sense of self their sense of identity is weak. Then they can be convinced to do things that are against their will because their desire for validation is.

So strong that they connect who they are to what the group wants or what the person wants does that make sense okay. That's functionally how it works. So if you want if you find yourself too easily persuaded in situations where you you capitulate to pressure things like that chances are your self your identity your identity level needs some tweaking there's some there's some cobwebs in the. Attic that need to be cleaned out and you can do that's actually kind of what we do all day long at the clinic in salana beach.

But. I know that one of the questions was asked why am. I persuaded. So easily one of the reasons is especially if you're doing this it's very very hard to act against your own deeply held values and beliefs in fact that's what we're looking for to make us happy in a relationship or a job we're looking for this match if you are a manager and you and you manage people in any way more often than not when there's friction in the team it's because of a criteria and.

Val it's it's there's a mismatch in the criteria values this checklist isn't meshing with between the the team members. So when you're building teams you need to make sure that the checklists in the value tree match now we we go real deep in depth our 3-day trainings and things like that. But. I want you to get that this is one of the most important.

Concepts you will ever understand or be exposed to if you want to be effective dealing with humans every human being on the planet has a checklist for every single thing they do your job is to just ask for it and pay attention to the responses that you get reflect it back and they will. T and connect what they want to what want and they will do what you want them to do. But don't believe me take this out into the world start with the echo technique simple simple stuff start with it get awesome at it come back at the. Next piece you'll discover real quick your conversion rates your ability to connect will go will exponentially go up.

I challenge you to get caught and here's the other part and. I want to bring this around to the ethics question and the the whole authenticity thing if you view this as moving through the as a technique that you use to move through the world that you use with people um you'll have a great level of success. However if you adopt this process as a natural way of moving through the world and interacting with everyone if you adopt it as just how you do things you'll never have to worry about getting caught you'll never have to be worried about being called on a trick you'll never view it that way because you realize that this is the most ethical honest and. Powerful way to communicate with another human being because it is exactly the kind of connection that they're neurologically looking for in every context in every way and once you have that it's easy to take them where they need to go based on what you think is best for for everybody.

So once we're hit with. Stacy once we hit the the career passion level. I asked what do you want what what's important about that. So she's there's an interview she wants to stay you know she's getting ready she's finishing up her internship she wants to stay in.

San. Diego there's she hasn't got the interview yet. But there's a doctor who controls that process and she needs to get some way for her to notice him or him to notice her right. I didn't use those words when.

I talked to her. But that's in an. Essence what she needed right. So she needed a way to get the to get him to notice her.

So she could get the shot at the interview right. So the strategy. I gave her was very simple just start mirroring and echoing and. Then asking other questions because the moment the person gets their their their words back the floodgates are going to start to open okay.

And. Then eventually you'll start to extract a lot of information. But you'll be building points with them throughout the entire process okay. Yes.

Do you mirror their body language as well you could. I wouldn't worry about it right. Now okay. Uh in fact.

I'll teach you if. I have time. I'll teach you um a body language technique that is again. So powerful and.

So easy and generates. So much credibility it's almost unfair. So. I have to make sure you have strong ethical underpinnings with it okay.

And. I'll let you practice it if we have time okay. But. I want to get you guys out of here uh with some is any of this useful okay.

I just want to make sure cuz. I can run off with the mouth for hours with this. I geek out on this stuff in case you haven't figured it out right. Um.

So when we got to the career passion level and. I knew what she wanted. I asked her the magic question what is important about x x being whatever topic we're talking about based on the words that came out of her mouth 80 % of the content in this structure will be the words that came out of their mouth and you know what they will not bat an eye in fact they will feel. So good about the conversation they will remember you long after it's over because that old saying is just as true today as it was when it was quoted people will forget what you tell them they will never forget how you made them feel and when you do this with a person they will remember you and they will remember you and they will want more of you in any context you do it okay.

Now they ask you what's important the. Next piece is a agree agree with it nod your head validate it. However you do it acknowledge you heard it. Echo it [Music] back.

Echo it back take them where you want them to go. Next could be another question could be a story that you're going to tell this. Lev at this level it doesn't matter. But remember if you're going to lapse into story use their words to tell your [Music] story use their words to tell your story and if they want to tell a story let them talk and let them talk because the longer they talk the better you look.

Physically mentally and emotionally let them talk they're processing and connecting the echo work is doing its doing its job okay. Many times you just sit there and let them talk long say okay. Let's go you won't even have to ask for the. Next step they'll just say okay.

Let go right. But if you do we'll give you some very smooth ways to transition into the. Next phase of the process this isn't selling you get that this is us finding out about the person in front of us and sorting if they're a match for what we offer that is offer psychology you understand and trust me you may you may see because it's a little bit long well actually it's not actually any longer it's actually faster your close rate's going to jump and when. I say close.

I it could be everything from a job interview to a prospect to. Pro. U you know pitching your your idea for a gadget right. I don't know what this one's going to do do she just had on overhaul during the break right.

Um that's the process wash rinse repeat now you can drill down as deep as you want. But whatever they give you whatever they give you is always enough once they give you this there's one more question you want to ask when it's appropriate to do. So and the information about this one is the one you want to really pay attention to how do you know how do you know what is important about gives you the value the label that they use maybe even a little bit of the process that they that they are behaviors that they're looking for maybe a little bit of that. But sometimes it's too vague.

So it's like if if we're going back to. Stacy's example. Dr. Dr.

Wong. I'm curious how do you know when you've got the right. Intern what what what is it about the right. Intern for this job the right.

Person for this job um that lets you know that that you've made a good decision what do they have to have what do they have to be you know and. I why like. I said before. I.

I need. I. I'm looking for an intern who knows their stuff who has the technical skill as well as the the knowledge base and the ability to know when to follow protocol and when to get ask for help who's able to stand on their own two feet. But not going to go.

Rogue on me right. Right. Cuz we all heard of the stories about these doctors or these interns. I was an intern.

I know and. I did all kinds of crazy because. I was bulletproof as an intern right. Um and.

I got someone who follows instructions who's excellent who cares about the client about the patient is compassionate. But not. So compassionate they lose sight of why they're there and the job that they have to do right. Excellent have you ever and this is this is a little sneaky hack.

But have have you ever met somebody like that have you ever found an intern that the moment you saw them for the. First time notice the self point and notice you saw them for the. First time you realized that this was somebody who embodied those characteristics someone who cared enough to excel academically. But also had the compassion had the ability to stand on their own to feet and think for themselves know when to follow instructions when to get help and when to just do what needed to be done here met somebody like that yeah that's another hack we'll talk about.

Later right. Um. But the all. I did.

I. I paraph. I kind of paraphrased myself a little bit because sometimes. I zap myself with these hypnosis words um.

But all. I did literally was repeat back the words on the checklist and reference myself either through my gestures or with ambig ambiguous wording. But you don't need to do that here's why just the act of asking the question connects you to their process just the act of asking the questions links you to those values connects you to them in a way that's profound without you having to do anything else get it okay. So classically in.

NLP when we train you to drill on um on uh. Criterion values they like you to go two or three levels deep it's not necessary whatever words they give you is always is enough whatever words they give you is always enough whatever words they. I can't stress that enough whatever words they give you is always enough because the longer you stay at that level using those words sooner or. Later you'll drop to another level right.

The checklist is as important as the labels they use and you need to embody that checklist the checklist will relate directly to the kinds of stor that they tell. So as long as you're telling similar stories to what they describ using their words to do it you're connecting them at a very very profound level to you is this relatively easy to do it is actually okay. Once you've reached the point where the conclusion of the interview or the process is over you're going to ask one of two or both simple questions. So.

I'm curious aside from the fact that do you have any other questions for me how soon do you want to get started or conversely what's the. Next step we need to take if any to move forward sometimes. I just leave that what's the. Next step we need to take in any and usually it's like well.

I need to go out and make an appointment okay. Let's walk on out right. But whatever they say when you say what's the. Next step that's what you do in a relaxed non uh.

Velociraptor type you know. Velociraptor going after a piece of meat kind of way remember this is a relax. Next easygoing conversational exchange if you say what's the. Next step we need to take they say well.

I guess we need to go out and make an appointment okay. Let's go boom you just blew yourself out of the water right. This is a low-key no. Stress process where we lead people to realize we have what they need and that's the secret to this here's another axom.

I want you to remember this comes from. Blair. Warren guy who wrote. The.

Forbidden keys to persuasion people resist what you tell them they never resist what they conclude your job is to give everything your subject your client your prospect needs to make the conclusion you want them to make on their own without you having to tell them that's what this does it creates a profound sense of connection it establishes if there's a match between what you offer and what they're looking for and it leverages that connection. So that the client comes to the realization that you are the one who can fulfill those needs and if you the longer you keep them connected the more they will tend to do business with you or if it's a therapy session to comply to your instructions automatically remember your job is compliance there's only two reasons people don't from a therapy perspective there's only two reasons people don't do what you say they don't want to. But they don't want to to there's only two real reasons why people don't want to everything else is just a subsection a they're afraid to or they don't understand they don't understand what you want them to do when you use your words you eliminate both of those because as a connection goes up fear goes away if you're using their words well they already understand everything about those words there is no. Possibility of misunderstanding if.

I reflective listen and. I use different words to say the same thing or what. I think is the same thing the interpretation they get may be dramatically different it's not a perfect match what we want is a perfect match. So trust me or not.

I don't care. I'm going to keep doing this cuz it freaking works and it will allow you to see more clients in less time they will come out of your sessions or come out of your interactions a spending more money referring more clients and feeling more loyal to you than any other way and. Then it just gets better okay. We don't have time to do the uh the resistance removal formula.

So what. I would like to do is. I'd like you to tell how to go to from uh interesting information to. Unstoppable persuasion and irresistible influence in your life would that be okay.

Okay. We have a couple of different opportunities for people who want to take this further. I'd like to outline those for you if. I would would that be okay.

Sure okay. For those of you who um and my by the way the people that come to my meetups fall into one of three categories um they are people who want to fix their own being a technical term right. That's the vast majority of you're here to get some information that you can go out into the real world and just get your handled. I'm cool with that for those of you who like that kind of an approach.

I have been running here in. San. Diego a what we call the. NLP power.

Mastermind mentoring program now when. I've created. NLP power the meetups here. I did not create it with the idea that.

I would be. T giving certifications and teaching classes and and all these things that have happened over the. Last 11 years or. So.

I was just a lonely dude looking to do cool stuff. But as the group grew as the needs of the group grew people kept coming up to me day meet up after meet up can. I get certified with you can. I learn hypnosis from you can.

I do this can. I do that and. I would look. At them and.

I would say no. No. I. I don't do that.

I spent. I taught hypnosis and. NLP for free for 10 years and. I was.

So disillusioned with the the skill level coming out of those trainings. I refused. I refused to be part of of that diploma. Mill and it wasn't until one of my uh good friends.

P literally pulled me aside by the ear and slapped me around he was a business major that. I. Finally you know was beaten into philosophical submission and started training people and. I created a training program that makes you just.

Unstoppable now. I know most of you don't want to be hypnotists which is not what. I'm talking about. I'm talking about the.

NLP power. Mastermind mentoring program we if you're in the group or if you've visited the group go ahead and raise your hands okay. We got one two three you visited right. Um and what the.

NLP mentoring group is is it's an applied skills. Workshop it is not a certification track it meets on the. Third. Saturday of every month from 11:00 a.m. to 400 p.m. and what literally happens is.

I literally go you've been there you not yet. I've seen you you come to for the free food. I remember. But.

I literally go around and. I say de. DEA what do you want to learn. John what do you want to learn.

Michael what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. Stacy what do you want to learn. Leah what do you learn. Sharon what do you want to learn and you tell me and.

I write it up on the board and. I look. At it when everybody's done and. I find all the.

Connecting. Threads where they overlap where they cross. I create the lesson plan right. On the spot and for the.

Next 4 hours. I drill you on those skills until you can do them in your [Music] sleep 4 hours goes by. I unleash you on the. World to go make whatever changes and apply those skills in whatever level you came for if you decide to come back the.

Next month we do the same thing what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. I write them on the board and we drill you on those skills you will never get a certificate from participating in the. NLP power. Mastermind what you will get is the exact skills you want and need to do the things you want to do in the real world you want to learn how to write better copy we'll do that you want to fix people's stuff we'll tell you how to do that if it's in my repertoire it's on the table it's my skill sets your desires and applications and we just rock and roll okay.

We've been running that group non-stop since 2010 it is the longest running skill building it's not free skill building. Mastermind group normally to participate in that group and by the way the way it's run is not like this these big ticket coaching programs that you see everybody pitching we don't i'. I've never. I never really liked that.

I. I'd love to make that kind of money. But it's it's not what it's about the mentoring program is about learning how to be awesome at what you do it's about getting the results you want in the real world for you. So the way we did it and we still do it to this day.

I'm hoping we can continue to do it for as long as possible normally to join the group it's 247 a [Music] month 247 a month it's not there's no. Long-term contracts or anything like that it's literally handled like a subscription through. PayPal. So if you sign up and you like it you want to keep coming.

I had guys who just recently they they actually were founding members of the group they only left because they had to move right. Uh great people great skill sets oh my. God it's such a fun place um. But.

I digress you come for a month or a year or 10 years it doesn't matter it's just a subscription that renews every month automatically when you decide you've gotten what you needed when you decide you're done you pick up the phone you send me an email. I click a button you're done. So. I don't doesn't matter to me whether you're in it for a month or a decade what's important to me is that you got the skill sets you needed to move forward in your life to get exactly what you want the way you want it.

I want to know your checklist. I want to match your checklist. I want to give you the exact skills to move forward in your life by your standards and definitions does that make sense okay. The the other interesting thing is that we videotape each and every.

Mastermind training session and we archive those videos in a special location on the. NLP power website all of the members of the. NLP power mentoring program have free full 24-hour day unlimited access to all seven years of the. NLP archives.

I warn you some of the videos are not edited okay. But. So if you don't mind fast forwarding through the. Dead.

Space you can binge watch that stuff for seven straight years and we're still adding content okay. And it's and and it's and it's free to you for as long as you're a member in the system okay. So. I've always believe that some.

I believe. I. Channel a lot of. I don't without getting all woo woo.

I'm amazed at the that comes out of my mouth sometimes. So. I realized a long time ago if. I don't record it it's.

G get gone. So. I just started recording stuff. So 247 is the current monthly rate for those of you who might be interested in trying that out.

I'd like to give you guys another free gift if. I could our. Next. Mastermind meeting session is going to be the.

Third. Saturday of. April in my clinic at salana beach. I'd like to invite you all to come out and participate in that and see if it's something that fits for you if it's a fit we'll take it to the.

Next step if it's not you had a great evening you got to learn a great day you got to have some cool stuff with some cool people and actually get some skills you can really use and if it's something that really resonates with you you won't feel like quite such an alien when you go home you ever notice that that sometimes you go to a training or something because they're the only place where you can meet people you can actually talk to about this without them looking at you like you're from. Venus that's a large part why. I do these things. I'm tired of people looking at me like what do you mean.

Satanist right. Right. So for those of you who who want to give it a try another free gift for those of you who stuck it out went through all this come on out for the the. NLP power.

Mastermind. Next month uh it's completely free if you decide that you want to give it a shot. I'd like to give you another gift. I'll give you the entire.

Mastermind for as long as you want to be in it for 127 a month and that price will never go up for as long as you're in the system. But before you decide come out to the. Mastermind see if it resonates if works for you and join the party time is it time starts at 11:00 a.m. till 400 p.m. is it. Clinic it's at my clinic yes.

Unless it gets too big in which case it'll be here. But right. Now we we could hold about 16 at the clinic before it starts to get really cozy uh. So right.

Now we're we're just a little bit below that level. So it's okay. Do we show up or should we call well. I'm going to tell you how to do that in a minute if you're interested in that please see.

Linda and and just besiege her. Last time we had a stampede out the door um. But see her she'll get you scheduled and she'll get and we'll we'll call up and follow up to make sure because again we only have 16 slots that we can fit. So if every you know if if you're if you're not going to come we want to follow up and make sure that somebody else who didn't get a shot can get in do that does that make sense.

So that's all. I got for today um anybody get something useful out of tonight cool now. I do ask people um if you had a good time if you've got useful information from this please post good things to the. Meetup if you didn't have a good time please post to somebody else's.

Meetup. God bless thank you all for coming out go see. Linda if you're interested and we'll see you. Next month have a good night [Applause] [Music].

C [Music].
