Title: IfYa549D7VQ.txt
Video Id: IfYa549D7VQ
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfYa549D7VQ

Less than 5 minutes 41 separate mechanisms with no. Nervous system no. No. Heartbeat no.

Intention set at different moments this is how you control groups this is how you increase because by definition if you're not doing what everybody else is you're anti-social you can't not happen okay. But what do we do with it how do we leverage it well you already started you've already started by understanding that your breathing your posture and your physiology generate the emotional or the energetic signature the emotional frequency you're sending out to the universe the sender is your heartbeat if we just go basically we can prove right. Here right. Now all metaphysics aside we can prove this.

So what do we do with it well the. First thing we have to do is we have to do exactly what those metronomes do we have to entrain we have to synchronize our neurology with the neurology of another person and know that we have it this is in you can call this coherence if you like you'll hear me refer to it interchangeably as coherence you'll also refer to hearing me refer to it as kinesthetic report okay. When i talk about kinesthetic before i often use the shorthand that circle k strange things are a foot of the circle k sorry i'm going ted moment it's over now yes. Kinesthetic rapport is where we start from this moment forward nothing you do happens before you have this now this is different now a lot of people in the nlp world uh the persuasion and influence world we talk about rapport they say well just assume rapport no.

I presuppose you know what report feels like we never see anything more funny than a brainwashed speed seducer trying to assume report and. Then mumbling through a script and. Then getting slapped right. Because their trainers still will just assume report you'll have it no.

When you have absolute kinesthetic rapport you can have actual kinesthetic rapport with the person and they can actually be fighting with you good warriors good martial artists do this all the time which again this is a physical demonstration of something we're going to be doing the neurology cannot resist itself right. If he helps relax i'm not going to hit you right. So if he grabs me across his grip this way right. And i try to move him i try to make him fall that ain't working too well.

But he's got a posture right. If i just become him he falls down as he grabs me if i relax and i stand the way he stands see my see my feet he also broke his structure well i did. But actually he broke it for me because if i just become him we're not two people anymore right. So i actually what i did here was i paced him face pace [Music] he grabs me i can't move him just in a different way it's subtle and.

So this is not a martial arts demo. But these are the same principles that we're using a little bit don't step on that and i work with and that is actually much harder to work with than most people because he's hyper flexible oh there was a suggestion we didn't need. But the interesting thing is you know you have this if you look. At the structure here where are we both standing people standing on the planet right.

If i drop my energy 160 some pounds of david goes into the earth and mother earth says ah have that back. So what i'm doing if i try to move him i'm not getting anywhere because i have to send the energy through him not against him his. But his bones his structure are designed to conduct energy. So if you watch my fingers if i do this it's much harder for me to control him.

But if i align this is again this is rapport this is what we would call ikey which is another way of saying report. But it's something that you do like something we did before we have to change your physio this is physiology okay. Right. It's not my mind moving in where is it right.

It's integration. So one of the things that happens here again i have to learn how to allow energy to move i have to feel everything now you guys do this all the time you don't realize it every time you get in the car and drive your proprioceptive awareness expands to include your car that's why you can always feel when somebody's too damn freaking close to you or in your blind spot without looking in the mirror or you feel it you look. In the mirror and you see them there because what literally happens when you step inside that car your nervous system says oh we're part of something larger now and your awareness expands everything about what we do is works along these same principles if i if i try to fight zach well now we're two machines fighting and the stronger machine wins he's bigger than me right. But and i've got guys twice his size in class i throw around like ragdolls yeah.

But if i understand conductivity if i understand rapport not just in within myself. But i have to be integral within myself milton erickson used to say your clients will be your clients because they're out of rapport with their unconscious mind there's a part of them that wants one thing and another part that wants something else and they're doing this and. Then stronger one the stronger part wins we have to integrate the bear hug one's really good that's sense sorry going farther than i wanted to what you saw with the crosshand demo and his posture wasn't as as profound as pronounced as i would have liked it. But it was close enough it was good enough when i'm like this even though i'm matching him or maybe mirroring him we're not the same we're not the same.

But the minute i become as much like him even oriented in the same direction didn't we say that about emotions too somebody's angry we get angry at what in the same direction they're going and resistance goes away right. The moment i take on the physiology of another human being i have the skeleton key to seeing what's going on inside it's that profound you're not there yet. But you will be this is where you start these are practices these are drills that only train your nervous system to exert influence. But you have to start somewhere you have to want to suck right.

That's the problem most of us aren't willing to suck you're already gonna suck i like it already you're already gonna stop far less than you think because it's about feeling right. So the idea is go back to pacing and leaning pacing and leading pacing and leading pacing in our world has a much broader and deeper understanding than it is in most other in other contexts okay. Um and we'll get into that. But going back to the the metronome metaphor when i am um let me see sharon come on here they told me to pick you see how i ask for volunteers right.

Okay. Good. So this is the lovely sharon right. And.

So one of the things that remember that the level of influence that we're working at nothing we're going to do from this point on happens until we have the circle kinesthetic report. But how do we know when we have it she's already there [Laughter] what happens is when the metronomes get within proximity of each other they start doing this there we go really there's a feeling that comes over the body a synchronization now this had happened you've experienced you've experienced this feeling many times i can make it deeper if you want it's all right. Um you've experienced this many times spontaneously out in the world you've met someone and you you just fell into that that click right. You can engineer this you can cause it to happen in fact it can't not happen it can't not happen once you have it any state change i undergo her body will follow she's trying to fight it can't right.

That's how it works thank you give her a big round of applause. So i'm just curious like when you do that is is there any juice do you feel like a heart connection oh hell yeah i can feel her entire body visualize it. First and. Then i don't visualize anything this is not something you make happen this is something you allow to happen and.

Then begin the. Next step when you sense it now you don't need to make her sway like i did i didn't actually make her sway i swayed she followed i understand that because at that level her neurology and mine are the same even if she doesn't consciously know it there's a firewall it's called a limit between your conscious awareness your conscious mind and the rest of you and the only way around it is through the body yes. So is it is it mostly just through state control exercises mostly yeah nothing except have an intention to allow this metronome to synchronize and wait for this sensation when you felt that click did you feel like uh describe what you felt she's hot right. What was it like for you yeah i don't know it's just like we're one yeah right.

Usually what happens is there's a sensation you get in it varies from person to person. But i usually feel like a relaxation like a like there's a sigh that happens and sometimes there's a flushing and warmth that starts in the admin some people feel it around their face really this is where i can't tell you what to feel um you're just there's going to be a sensation and it's going to be a very consistent sensation what do you mean allow it to happen yeah just wait for it if you try to make it happen you're going to block it are you opening up your importance to relax i'm just going to relax you're just going to get in your space we start close off because that's where we have the most amplitude at. First as we become more sensitized to these processes we can do it from across the room anything in line of sight exactly over skype boom skype yeah i do over half my sessions are through skype i zap people with this all the time okay. That's a little too far outside of people's plausibility zones to worry about let's be practical let's do with the people in the room before we deal with the people around the planet the question people can ask is how do you get that kinesthetic report that she follows you and i think i think you've already said it said the ten the intent has to be good intense send and forget it the secret to this is you have to wait for it.

But your intent whoever you're with they have to feel your intent is good not necessarily you gotta understand you're making this harder that's the problem with this particular exercise it's. So simple we have to make it hard. So you're just saying standing by somebody in their space standing by somebody with an intention to connect and allowing it to happen and noticing the sensation changing your body when it does without trying to force it coerce it or make it happen faster now what will happen as a result of that is once your neurology once your unconscious mind realizes you want access to this information it will start to happen faster and faster now here's what i don't want you to do if i have sharon up here and we've got kinesthetic rapport i don't know pushing energy or fireballs from dragging like dragon ball z into her that's going to drain your energy it's going to activate your willpower centers and you're going to wind up pushing energy and it's in this nervous system is actually going to fight back right. The art of systema russian martial arts teaches us non-resistance a lot of our asian martial arts are based on this idea of applying a hold on somebody and.

Then from a superior position we muscle them into the ground because the act of fighting us actually have more energy to our lock russian martial arts we'll walk right. Out of that because we don't fight the attack i my wife called me an the other day because i went into a jujitsu seminar basically destroyed 30 years of jiu jitsu training in 10 minutes i can you didn't hear about that no. Come on to quote my wife you've killed their god you something along those lines i sat on it for six years you were there i sat on it yesterday i developed a system many years ago derived from jiu-jitsu and russian martial arts for basically it's called the universal escape formula gets you out of any hold doesn't matter what the hole i think i saw you know you sure not long ago where you do like micro movements and you just i did yeah that was part of it. But the look.

Of fear and frustration on their face was classic yeah i'm still an. But. Anyway here's what you're going to do now are you saying that you could do that to like someone who's standing in line to pay you do it all the time and do it on traffic yeah. So that would turn around and look.

At you or feel like it depends on what i want okay. And. Then what i want all right. So stand up didn't get interesting all right.

Had she moved would you have moved or were you more into drivers it's possible i would have moved if she had been conscious of or knew she it's a two-way path which is what happens when i'm up here with zach in a real combat situation i'm adapting as he adapts it's a chess match right. Person with the most sensitivity and flexibility adaptability wins it's no. Different here rapport is a game it's a game of give and take you're not always leaving sometimes you're receiving sometimes you're following because you need to go where they want to go before you can take them where you want to take them. So you can transfer negative or positive feelings yes.

Yes. I don't like to do negative feelings because i have to generate them in me and i don't like to feel icky your body doesn't do well with negative feelings although you do that more often than not all right. So this is your. Next drill oh okay.

I appreciate your concept i mean appreciate the point that you make when somebody's angry you go with their angry anger before you break it. So when you do you get angry as they do or you accept and acknowledge that anger i mean you both you do both you accept acknowledge your anger and you get angry about what they're angry about are you mimicking or mirroring them the way in a way you are. But you're actually creating alliance with them this is the story i was going to tell you about cameron cleveland um kenner before he became the persuasion god that he is um ran a health club a lot of people on roids walking around you know people on juice aren't always the most stable right. Not the most even tempered sometimes.

So there was one particular guy big bodybuilding champion one day kenneth's at the front desk he comes storming out of the men's room he goes god damn it there is no. Toilet paper in the men's room kendrick's sitting there looking at this monster and he's thinking okay. Nlp don't fail me now he looks up at the guy goes there's there's no. Toilet paper and bathroom god damn it you're a pain customer you're in good faith you come here every day you deserve to have pink toilet paper in the mandrel the guy goes and they created an instant friendship and you guys told the paper a couple of days.

Later another roid head walks in and you know counter goes work in the front you know having the old days on if they still do it you have a membership card you've got to slide through it you don't get anything i didn't have his membership card the guy reaches across and grabs kenner and pulls him across i'm not living a little bit pulls him across that that desk and is about to do something evil and also this even bigger hand reaches across them and grabs the other guy and goes he's my friend you leave him alone and the guy who grabbed me sorry i didn't know i was your friend right. That's how fast rapport can create alliance okay. Pacing is the key to rapport rapport is the key to everything else on the physiological level on the neurological level on the emotional level on the vibration level it's the secret to everything the question becomes do you have an integrated system that's capable of tapping into and utilizing that phenomena that's what you're learning can you do it in a fast easy effective practical fun way because it's not fun you ain't gonna do it. So have fun with it be playful right.

The more playful you become the more power you have. So you're going to get a partner and all you're going to do is we're going to call this this exercise is called gross physiology not to be consumed or not being confused with gross anatomy which is a very different class people always laugh at that i'm still trying to figure out why and that's not that smart. But the idea here let me use arnold for this real quick you can do this sitting or standing i prefer you do it standing all right. You said sorry it doesn't matter and what you want to do is you want to approximate their physiology okay.

That's all you want to do there he goes you can feel it when it kicks in right. Remember he's walking around in a very large very extensive organic antenna you guys remember the old rabbit here in tennis right. And every time the ones without the tinfoil right. This is all broken and right.

Some of the older guys and you're going to that's right. He's trying to do it to me. But the thing is is that the configuration of the antenna either accesses more signal or sends out a signal differently his physiology has a configuration that has a vibrational signature connected to it if i assume that same physiology my frequency and trains faster right. It trains faster and there's a shift when that happens it happened almost when it seconds as soon as he came up here.

But it happens even faster when we approximate physiology now we'll get more subtle as time goes on. But what i want you to get what i want you to zero in on is noticing when that synchronization of the nervous system takes place because there is a physical sensation in the body that is repeatable and consistent when it happens i prefer to be on the side. But i don't have to be i could be right. In front of him i can be behind him it doesn't matter where i'm at ultimately.

But we keep our exercises stop it we keep our exercises we keep our exercises simple. So we can calibrate and build on it right. None of this is to be taken on faith none of it it's based on the phenomenon you generate on a consistent level that makes sense all right. Questions.

So to start this i've seen that you've taken on his posturing and. Then you move that's just a visual example don't let that the obsession with making that happen deluge you there can just i can just change the feelings in my body okay. And i can make him i can i can cause a mirroring effect within his neurology which is a state change not a posture or physiology change okay. I'm showing you something you can see.

But it's also happening at levels you can't see and that's modulated by the feeling shifts in your body who was here when none of you were here in vegas when i did the uh give the only orgasm through her eyes. Was it. Last summer you were there yeah the blonde girl remember i brought her up i went into the orlando meridian and moved the energy up my she was the older one yeah yeah you were there she was sitting on my right. Yeah where was that yeah you saw that right.

Yeah right. It's the same thing this is the foundation for that right. There are many ways to access the neurology of another human being yes. Are you focusing your energy there or are you focusing your energy into 360 degree arc i'm not focusing my energy at all your awareness it's just awareness your awareness is it just i expand my awareness to include him is it a sphere or is it does it matter don't get hung up in that crowd what matters is what you feel have an intention to connect wait for it to happen when you feel it ask if they felt it they'll either say yes.

Or no. It doesn't matter what you feel as long as you feel it change that's what's important at this point yes. The longer you stay in this holographic space this entrainment the more the neurology will start to line up. So say if he thinks of the dream that he has i won't necessarily i would get feelings and emotions i don't necessarily get the exact thing this is not telepathy there's an interesting actually video by darren uh darren brown where he shows two people that yes.

Like match and mirror their actions for like i don't know maybe fifteen years he cuts through and. Then he has them just stand in front of each other one is just really projecting a memory of some past experience he's had and the other is just receiving and the guy literally he goes as far as it's like like this was a memory in kind of a subway station and he even sees the yellow line you know on the ground and he feels the feeling. So it's like again i i respect darren brown. But remember he's an entertainer yeah who's paid to deceive you that's what he does he does have i mean he even lied about training with richard down he said he never studied nlp.

So richard goes into the files pulls out the licensing agreement with darren's picture on it right. And shows everybody darren brown is an entertainer doesn't mean he doesn't have skills. But everything you see on youtube or on television you have to remember you don't know how contrived it is you don't know how many times you had to kind of go through something that didn't work to get one flute that did you don't know who's the show and who isn't you don't know what kind of priming darren did with his non-verbals ahead of time to print both of those images into the minds of the people because you can do all of those things right. So again i respect what darren brown does he's a great entertainer he's a great professional.

But let's not necessarily aspire to trick people if that's if that's what you want to do professionally or for fun street hypnosis walk up mentalism i have no. Problem with that right. But let's generate legitimate phenomena and does that mean and i've seen i've had experiences similar to what i know is describing where we've gone into such profound rapport that other people start picking up other people's imagery it's not uncommon. But that's not the goal it will happen as you develop your neurology your intuition will go on overdrive which is why you need to understand state control.

First okay. So what you're basically saying what you were showing. So everybody could see is that you could posture somebody and they could follow you in a physical time if i could deal with their physiology i could very easily do it with this other uh parts of their experience and. So.

Then you can have emotions that you would want them to join with you too because of excitement sadness anger power yep and they will pick up on that too if you make conscious choice i want you to connect with me if i'm already connected and i go into that state myself their neurology will start to mirror the state automatically it's not a projective effect it's a radiant effect it's moving on 360 by 360 degrees the fact that i'm more closely entrained with this system means it'll pick it up faster can you do it in a group yes. I'm doing it now when i start doing the polarity drills you'll really feel it okay. That's why the circle diagram is. So important if you go down the strength as the string you have the critical path of influence.

But the circle within circle concentric diagrams tells you how to go from global influence to very specific influence everything in the. First three levels anyone within the sound of your voice or line of sight is affected as you move beyond that the influence you get you you exert gets progressively more powerful. But progressively more targeted to an individual or specific group of individuals who share the same processes and criteria and values. So by definition as that power concentrates it excludes people who don't fit i understand.

So understanding the diagram of this model i can exert global influence on a room or group of people or i can chunk it down to one person and hyper hyper accelerate and amplify that level of influence questions this seems to be specific while using a larger technique because you're you're syncing up with one person basically and by the same token you're saying that this is sort of a global it can be okay. It can be i'm targeting him. But all of you are connected. So if you are not like aware enough and you can have other people influence you if you're like just opening yourself oh yeah this is happening all the time all the time you're being buffeted every minute of every day by people throwing their at you without realizing they're doing it the same thing happens when you go to a meeting for example when you go to team meetings there you go just like the metronomes right.

So here's what you're going to do three groups of you know three by three you're going to just stand just like you saw me do with um sharon and and and i know you're just gonna stand assuming they approximate their physiology it doesn't have to be exact and just wait for it what do you mean approximately physiology you you match what how they how they posture is that what it is yeah and just wait for it and you'll feel it don't try to and don't look. For it that's the other thing the minute we try to look. For it we block it because we're it's we're looking over here it's coming over here right. When you focus your attention in a certain direction you it's like a spotlight you exclude everything else well i hit the point that you aim for.

But anybody asking the person who may matching the other person's physiology that that that that you're that you are consciously bringing up a feeling and see if they will well we're not there yet we're not there we're not at state projections [Music] we want to isolate the kinesthetic report trigger because we don't begin anything else until we have it. So waiting for it is wait for what you're feeling by that other person whatever they can do this with as many people in this room as many times as you can because you have to get over that stranger anxiety this is one of the most practical exercises you will ever do when you walk up to people and you can just connect instantly with them that's a superpower. Then you leverage it follow me big deal very big deal. But it's fun it's easy actually this was the very.

First language your body ever learned your body never knew you practiced it in the womb okay. You just have to remember it go okay. Let's take 20 minutes for this only thing we're doing is noting when it happens yes. Okay.

Break state move on to somebody else get confirmation don't don't don't fantasize get actual verbal confirmation that you feel it and that other person feels it okay.
