Title: iiGCiQaFvDo.txt
Video Id: iiGCiQaFvDo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiGCiQaFvDo

Welcome to killer influence weapons of social seduction the influence and charisma webinar my name is. David. Schneider and today we're going to be covering some of the most powerful secrets of human influence that are also the simplest now today's webinar is once again it's a little bit of a different format that a lot of people are used to in that it's really kind of like what do you want to learn today we're gonna talk we're gonna teach you as much as we can we're going to talk about the offer or the great opportunities we have for training and information coming up this year and. Then after we're done presenting that we're gonna come back and we're gonna actually teach you more stuff we're gonna stay on it we're gonna actually take questions and we're gonna we're gonna you know maybe troubleshoot some stuff.

I can't promise to get to everybody's question. I can't promise to answer every single thing. But my commitment to you and the time that we have together is that. I will take if this is the scope of everything there is to learn we have time for about this even on an extended webinar we have time for about this and.

So my commitment to you is. I will take you as far as. I can in the time that we have and. I will point you in the direction of where to go for more is that fair just type in the chat if you think that's a good a good exchange and you know what because of the trouble that we had on the webinar.

I may. I may just throw in a couple extra bonuses at the end of the webinar just for you guys would that be okay. Okay. Cool why is somebody typing weird things in my chat.

But that's okay. Okay. So let me go ahead and share my screen and. I'm gonna go ahead and get out of nope doesn't matter right.

Now. I'm go ahead and get back to this screen here okay. So going back to this once again who is dr. David.

Schneider why should. I care. First and foremost. I have a doctorate in.

Oriental. Medicine have a doctor back country in. Chinese medicine from. Pacific.

College of. Oriental. Medicine. I have a clinic in.

Solana. Beach where. I've been running which. I've been running since 2005 where my foot my specialty and my focus is treating physiological illness that is the result of repressed emotion and.

So while some people come in and they are some people get certified an. NLP or hypnotherapy and they treat weight loss or they treat nail biting and they treat smoke cessation most of what. I do is based around traumatic issues or chronic or terminal illness. So we spend a lot of time dealing with the emotionally based physiological illness it's a very exciting very powerful experience and in being the amount of change that we've been able to get with our clients has been nothing short of miraculous and.

I spent a lot of time teaching and training other people to do that level of work as well everybody ok. Cool. So in addition to the doctoring around medicine. I'm a licensed acupuncturist here in the state of.

California this year in the. Last three years. I was been named in the top two. NLP trainers by global gurus org for the.

Last two years three years this year we were moved to the number one slot and we've brought that over. I've authored over 15 different products and various forms of human influence everything from conversational hypnosis to hypnotherapy to advanced sales and marketing trainings to even nonverbal influence is of course that we've been we actually teach and how to read body language and things of that nature this year on our killer influence our flagship approach to covert hypnosis or covert human influence was named the number one best program in the world of. NLP by my peers and by global gurus calm or got forg and as you can see oh sorry here as you can see here here's a little screenshot of global global gurus page and you see that killer influence is ranked number one. So you're in a good place.

I'm also hold a tenth degree black belt in the martial arts specifically in. Okinawan karate. I have a fourth degree black belt in shaolin kun tao. I have a.

Second degree black belt in. Kosho. Kempo and a. First degree black belt in small circle.

I hold combat or certified instructor trainings and combat system lysenko monoliths crema and modernise and. I didn't even bother to list my energy healing credentials because. I have more of those than. McDonald's sells hamburgers.

But people might often ask of agency we go through this laundry list. I said what the heck does all this have to do with hypnotic language or human influence and the secret understand the truth is they all have one thing in common and that word is pattern recognition pattern recognition human-beings do everything human beings do involve some form of a pattern some form of understanding you can and if you have the eyes. To see and the ears to hear you can realize that everything human beings do follows a formula it follows a process and once you understand those patterns which you know how to listen for them once you know how to see them how to behave in them how human beings use these patterns to think working and and helping other human beings to understand and connect and trust one another becomes a very very simple process now. I know that's that's a big that's a big statement.

But if you bear with me throughout the course of this webinar. I'm gonna show you some very very powerful very very easy things to do in fact when. I think when. I teach them to you you're probably not going to believe them you're gonna be say that that's too simple it's too obvious it can't be that easy my challenge to you is you don't have to believe anything.

I say just go out and do it and watch what happens just go out and do it and watch what happens. So. But like. I said before and if you stay until the end you're gonna get we're gonna give you some opportunities we're gonna show you where to go.

Next like. I said. I'm gonna take you as far as. I can and.

Then once we get to the end of the webinar. I'm gonna point you in a direction of where to take the. Next step if that's something you want to do and for me my biggest question for you is what do you want to learn about today. I have a set set of techniques and processes that.

I'm going to share with you that are consistent that are proven that work in every single context. But. I don't know yet how to direct that for you. I want to know what do you want to learn today what is the biggest question if you came away with nothing else from this webinar.

But the answer to this one question what would that question be what would that question be go ahead and type that in the chat while. I change why. I change back to my regular screen view and we'll go from there how do. I stop screen oh one.

Second um all scream stop screen share there we go okay. So let me see if we got here. I'm gonna go ahead and read some of these state control that can feel awesomely good all the time hit record. I think my record is actually going.

I think it might. I think. I mind set to start recording automatically can. I use this stuff to trade the markets or potty train my son yes.

You can eliminating hesitation and trusting myself yes. You can do that how to elicit strong emotions for anchoring and. Then influence how to influence convert friend to love or how to influence the added influence that isn't obvious what techniques are more powerful than pacing and leading woo that's a good question eliminating procrastination controlling your state okay. I think what we're gonna start talking about with is this controlling state and to me guys state control is in fact the most powerful hypnotic influence tool that exists what do.

I mean by that let me show you a diagram and this will help to explain see in the. CPI system and the killer influence system that we teach both the. CPI system and the killer influence system start at the same place they start understanding the view what we call the universal persuasion protocol thank you guys all right. We start with a universal persuasion protocol.

So let me share that with you. I'm gonna go. I can't. I don't have time in this webinar to go through every single stage and every single technique in that.

Universal persuasion protocol. So what. I'm gonna do is. I'm going to start.

I'm going to talk about the. CPI model. I'll explain what how that she works with killer influence how it works with the. CPI system and.

Then. I'm going to show you how it relates to the idea of why we call why we consider it such a super power in fact we have some people on the webinar today who have actually taken what. I've taught them and gone to whole new levels in their career utilizing the idea of state control. So let's talk about that real quick okay.

Let me go back and find my. Next. PowerPoint okay. On this.

I'm not gonna bother doing slideshow presentation because it's just easier for me to move back and forth. So. I'm just gonna go ahead and do this can you see the screen okay. I wanna say where's my chat you see the screen okay.

What you're seeing here is what we call the universal persuasion protocol starting at the very top you have state control rapport language patterns state management process criterion values this is a six stage process that once you understand it will allow you will allow you to exert influence anytime anywhere for any reason. But you have to follow the sequence and the sequence is control your state write this down guys control your state get rapport use your language use those three to manage the state of your subject or your target. I'll jump into any process that they're using to make it this to make the decision you want them to make and emotionally link it to their criterion values emotional criteria and values are the single most powerful driving force in human beings outside outside of their primal drives their their desire for food or shelter or whatever in fact they're very very intimately linked with those primal drives. So anytime you tap people in their emotional criteria and values.

Second. I can see if. I can annotate this anytime you can link to somebody's criterion values they will tend to do what you want them to do by default because simply following that following those innate drives inspires them or or motivates them to take the actions you want them to take. But before you enter any persuasion interaction there's one thing that all good persuaders understand is you have to know what it is you want you have to know your outcome you have to know when you're getting what you get you have to have benchmarks you know if you think of persuasion.

I wanna say let me let me pause this if you think of persuasion as a see this is what. I tell my. CPI students if you think of persuasion like like a very turbulent stormy sea and the winds are blowing you one way and the waves are blowing you another way. But if often the distance you can see a lighthouse and as long as you know no.

Matter where the winds take you or the currents movie or the waves throw you as long as you can see that white that lighthouse you can course correct and get back to where you want to be that's what knowing your outcome is for because if you don't know where you want to go you can get swept away in the ocean of influence the ocean of interaction between human beings and get be taken far far away from your outcome. But if you know what that outcome is you can always find your way back because conversation if you've ever been in a conversation with another human being you know that conversations take very interesting directions organically do they not yes. Sir yes. Okay.

How do yes. Very much okay. So when we talk about state control and we talk about state control. I said state control in our in our world is the ability to enter or exit any psycho-emotional state at will at any time now there's two ways that you control your emotional state the.

First one is through your body the. Second one is through your willpower or your your ability to think now in our culture we've been brainwashed into thinking that our that we can dominate our emotional state through our mind that is theoretically correct it's theoretically correct functionally though it's the opposite functionally unless you are a master adept yogi a highly trained. Special. Forces operative an.

Olympic level athlete of a highly trained. First responder if you are not in one of those those levels in most cases your physiology is going to dominate your psychology your physiology is going to overwrite your mental state and it will force your neurology the wedding's you hear and smell and perceive the world to change and it will change spontaneously and it doesn't matter how much willpower you have if you're not trained to deal with highly fluid emotional states the environment will overwhelm you now the fastest way to control your emotional state is through your posture and your breathing your posture and your breathing now we're gonna play with that right. Now. I want everybody stand up now because.

I'm on zoom'. I can see your butts. So. I know who's not right.

And. I want to stand by the way. I can switch to. Gallery used if.

I see anybody who doesn't have their camera on. I'm gonna be very put out turn your tamra's on. So. I can see you it's.

Brady. Bunch time guys right. Cool all right. So.

First thing. I want you to do is. I want you to close your eyes. Take a deep breath in let that breath out with a sigh deeper and deeper with every breath and every beat of your heart.

I just want you to relax and let go and here's what. I want you to do. I want you to fly back on the wings of time to a time in your life when you felt the most amazing thrilling fulfilling satisfying pleasure ever now. I'm not the pleasure police.

I don't care what you were doing who you were with what substances were involved how many laws you broke comedy state. Y&G across. I don't care all. I care about is that when you see that when you remember that amazing event when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing awesome feeling that you get and there's a place in your body where those feelings start where they grow and where they spread from.

I want you to go ahead point to where you feel that notice there's a color connected to those feelings whatever that color is for you imagine a big ball that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift changes with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of pleasure a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all less than pleasurable experiences real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything in most ones everything it most needs in an infinite ever-expanding and unlimited supply when you know you've got that. I want you to breathe that amazing pleasure color through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you and when you know you've got that tested try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens instead what do you guys notice assumes only allowing oh man there's gonna be some very upset people. Izumo allows 100 listeners oh well we'll make sure they get the replay type in the chat room what did you notice when you try to turn off that good feeling just type it in there can't turn it off oh [ __ ] you mean you're stuck feeling good now oh darn it okay. That's the. First piece that's the.

First piece. So now that we've got good feelings in our body now here's here's that was a really quick and easy way to generate a state that people are going to want to be around. But we didn't and we and we did it using our mind and our body together now we're going to do is. I want you to stand up straight once again.

I want you to remember a time in your life when you saw something you want it. I mean really really want it and you decided you were going to get it no. Matter what and you made a plan and you put plan into operation and whatever obstacles came up you went over around through it no. Matter what you just went for it and you got it you nailed it homerun touchdown big win.

I just. I want you to remember that moment of victory. That moment when you realized you got it and. I want you to stand exactly the way you're standing.

I want you to breathe exactly the way you were breathing in that moment and when you've got that yes. I want you to stand that way. I want you to hold it without changing anything about changing a single thing about the way you're standing about the way you're breathing as an act of will try to feel bad notice what happens or in this case doesn't happen you can't very cool now shake it off all right. Cool now we're gonna do something a little bit different a little bit different.

But we have to do both sides of this equation. So you understand exactly the principle. I'm trying to get to you okay. I'm gonna give you guys an extra bonus on state control when we're done with this.

But you need this part. First. So. First and foremost.

I want you to close your eyes. Remember a time in your life when you saw something you wanted and you decided honesty no. Hahn's on a lustfactor of 0 to 10 it was like a 27 and you you made a plan you went for it and for whatever reason whatever reason at that. Last moment something happened and it didn't manifest you didn't get it you lost once you remember that moment when you realized it wasn't going to happen and.

I want you to stand the way you were standing in that moment. I want you to breathe the way you were breathing in that moment let those feelings come back and when you know you've got it we're not going to stay here very long. But when you know you've got that without changing your posture without changing your breathing as an act of will try to feel good this and notice what happens or doesn't happen we're only gonna stay here for a few seconds and. Then what.

I want you to do is. I want you to summon up your willpower. I want you to hold on to that negative feeling as you hold on to that negative feeling with you just your willpower. I want you to shift your body back to that winning posture and notice what happens and.

Then when you've realized when you realize what happens just stop stop trying to hold on to that that negative feeling that all the good feelings come flooding back and. Then type in the chat or. I could pick on selected people. But just type in the chat what did you notice what happened your look.

Didn't happen you feel great again could you hold on to the negative state when you're [ __ ] when your body went back bad feelings went away tossed your triumphs well yes. That's probably the best one ever this is this is the most important thing that. I can teach you today if you know. I'm going to teach you a lot of other stuff and it doesn't see it seems that.

First it seems like a parlor trick. But there's a much deeper principle going on here your body has emotions and states wired into it and every time you change your the posture and breathing your feelings change automatically. Amy. Cuddy did some great research on this some of you are familiar with her work have you how many of you heard of power poses okay.

Excellent now what you're learning actually what. I'm teaching you right. Now is actually more advanced than what. Amy's research did.

I've been teaching this since 2005 this is way before the research came out. But she did the actual scientific research we did the fieldwork where we went out into the world and we actually applied this stuff to see what would happen. So we've known for a long time that physiology is more powerful than your willpower in the vast majority of cases. So if you're a normal human being like me.

But here's doing yoga or you know. Special. Forces training or spend my you know 20 years in a cave on a mountaintop somewhere in every single incidence your body your body posture and your breathing are going to dictate your emotional state now why is that important because you know how many of you noticed how many of you notice that when you were in that negative state or actually when you were in that positive state and you tried to feel bad what did your body want to do what did your body. I want to see some if you've had this training before don't answer let the people who this is your.

First time let them answer ok. It didn't want to change deep breath how many of you notice when you're in that positive state whatever positive physiology whatever it was and you you tried to feel bad your body wanted to change your body wanted to move a little bit you have to actually force it to keep it yeah right. Yeah ok. So here's this is why this is.

So important your body has a finite amount of willpower and it's based on two elements it's based on the amount of blood sugar in your system and the amount of sleep that you've had and the you you go through that fuel more when you have to control and manage intense emotional states ok. The inverse of that is this it takes the minute it takes a minimum amount of willpower to remember to keep your posture straight you just have to have the situational awareness to do it. So if you get overwhelmed by the environment or by a situation that you're in your conscious mind is going to check out you are going to lose the ability to access your higher your higher faculties. But if you understand physiology and you realize that you're in it and you come to the realization that you're in a less than resourceful state all you have to do to break that downward spiral is change your posture and change your breathing and hold it for as little as two minutes yes.

Allons-y you feel exhausted after it is apps your blood-sugar okay. All you have to do is change your posture change your breathing and within two minutes or less you two minutes is right. Around the window within two minutes that state will change as it starts to change you'll regain access to your ability to control your state. So unless somebody physically ties you up you always have the ability to change your posture and change your breathing and as long as you can do that you can gain you can recover from any emotional attack or and that can be you know the environment it can be an argument it can be somebody just coming out of nowhere and surprising you you have that ability to recover okay.

So when we teach state control and we teach it in. CPI and we teach it in killer influence. CPI and killer influence both start from the same place this idea of state control rapport specific language patterns jumping into a person's process linking it to their emotional hot buttons. But.

Then they go in very different directions your. CPI systems which we'll talk about at the end of the webinar the. CPI systems goes off into the realm of a language it gets deeper and deeper and deeper into linguistic techniques. So if you're if what you do is very linguistically dependent.

Then the advanced courses in. CPI will help to flesh out all of those things. Tayler influence goes into what we call the realm of hypnotic operators ionic operators may or may not be verbal in or linguistically based. So you'll talk you'll start with that same linguistics foundation and.

Then you'll learn about how to control your state even more fully how to transfer that state to other people how to use that connection that you build to kind of get a snapshot of what's going on with them emotionally and project emotions to them you're going to learn how to manage the spatial relationships around people that allow you just by standing in a certain position relative to their spine their neurology will process you differently. I'll give you a real quick one if you stand if somebody's right-handed and you stand on their right. Side they'll tend to regard you more favorably and if you stand on their left side if you stand just below eye level to somebody they will actually feel safer around you. Then if you're at eye level or taller.

So there's a lot of tactical things that you can do to manage the spatial relationships around you that bypass the critical faculties of the person that you're in and. So if you're in any kind of negotiation or counseling this idea of proxemics of managing or modulating the spatial relationships is critical because if. I come in. I come in below eye level and.

I'm talking to you and. Then you're actually in a higher position to me you no. Longer view me as a threat because it gives you the dominant or power position which means your defenses go down and as. I continue to talk to you you start to feel more comfortable more and as you're looking at me that comfort gets linked to me and as.

I start to talk more and more and more about the things that are important to you you start to have emotional feelings and you start to link those things to me and. Then what. I can do as. I continue to speak is.

I can just slowly stand up or raise my eye level and all of a sudden now. I've changed the dynamic - now you view me as the authority in your world and you trust me and that's all nonverbal. So there's. So the killer influence is that study it's the study of social hypnotic operators proxemic hypnotic operators where to sit or stand at a negotiation table it gives you the greatest level of authority.

So they start in the same place they go different directions and they all start with this idea that your physiology controls your psychology now here's the thing you understand about physiology there's no. Top level to this okay. You have this thing in your body called mirror neurons how many people have heard of mirror neurons go ahead and okay. Cool cool.

So if you've heard of mirror neurons. Then you understand that anything you see me do anything. I say any intention that. I have your mirror neurons are already picking it up and reflecting it like a mirror reflects information the book.

That you might want to reference for that is called mirroring people mirroring people it's by. Marco iacoboni you have a proprioceptive nervous system that monitors spatial relationships. So depending on where. I am in relation to you it'll change how you think about me it's going somewhere with this oh.

So yeah. So your neurology is basically whatever. I'm coming at whatever. I'm presenting to you your neurology is literally processing it as if you're doing it.

So think about this if that's true and we know that's true based on the neuroscience if. I can link my neurology with you even if. I can't. But if.

I'm in an interaction with you where. I have your attention and. I start to generate body feelings in myself think about this for a minute if. I'm if.

I start to generate body feelings in myself what does your neurology start to do go ahead and type that in the chat what is your neurology start to do it picks up it does the same thing. So if. I'm talking to you and. I'm generating feelings of comfort of trust of sincerity of attractiveness as.

I'm talking to you and. I'm doing it congruently from the physiology of not the neocortex down what does your neurology gonna start to write exactly now here's here's where this gets cool when. I. First learned about this.

I was like well that's really interesting. But how do. I use it how many people have ever heard of a show called fly tuning or dr. Paul.

Ekman or both very cool yeah you guys are getting this excellent. So here's the deal here's the deal dr. eggman in his book. Where is that it's back here somewhere in his book. Called emotions revealed dr. eggman talks about a behavior he named the emotional refractory period now the emotional refractory period can also be is analogous to what some people call the reticular activating system in the brain it doesn't really help us it doesn't tell us what it does here's what it does the emotional refractory period is a perceptual change in other words you have filters to your neurology you have a pecking order of what you pay attention to.

First. Second. Third or fourth in the in the universe around you you follow me. So far.

I'm gonna give you some examples in a minute when you go through and a physiological or emotional state change that order of what you pay attention to changes. So think about it this way if you're in a room oh here let me give you some examples how many of you. I'm gonna go back to. Brady.

Bunch you that's what. I call gallery view by the way. I call this. I call this the.

Brady. Bunch ooh because every time. I watch. I imagine here's a story oh.

I'm in a name. Brady right. Anyway. So think about this for a minute how many you get in an argument just raise your hands.

I can see you if you if you've got your alright. So maybe you've been an arrogant of the man or woman or whatever he said she said you're going back and forth whatever it is and. Then you. Finally resolve the argument and.

Then for the. Next 10 15 20 minutes even up to an hour. Later anything you say pisses them off again does that ever happen yeah the rest of you are lying right. Now okay.

Welcome to the wonderful world of the emotional refractory period you see every time you go through an emotional state change that becomes the new normal for a brief time it becomes the new normal in your nervous system and that that refractory mechanism wants to keep you normal and. So what it does without your conscious permission without your conscious consents it tweaks what you pay attention to. First. So if you're in a good mood and you walk into a room where a fights just happened you know maybe maybe there's like that's let me go back.

I mean let me just diagram this for you. So probably make it it's might sometimes it makes it easier sometimes it doesn't let me use the whiteboard for this. So let's say for example that you walk into a room can you all see my screen okay. You see.

I put my chat up. So. I can see you guys okay. Cool okay.

Cool. So you walk into a room get that out of the way and there are ten units of information in that room eight of them are positive two of them are negative if. I come into that room in a positive mood now remember there's only ten units of information in this room there's only ten eight are positive and two are negative if. I come into that room in a positive state what do you think.

I'm going to pay attention to. First go ahead and type it in the chat. Omaha way exactly by committing that room same information same ratio if. I come into that room at a negative state.

I come into that room in a negative. State what am. I going to pay attention to it's almost intuitive isn't it right. What what's the only thing that changed my state is the information in the room hasn't changed.

But the priority put this back. But the priority that my neurology gives it the order of what. I pay attention to. First the thing that actually.

I gravitate to the most is what is ever in harmony with the state. I'm in. So if you think about it if you can get control of your state and. Then you can synchronize connect with another person's neurology that you have rapport and by the way rapport can't not happen if we have time maybe.

I'll show you a quick video. But we're kind of again we got a late start. So. I apologize.

But are you guys with me. So far you guys with me. So far cool all right. So if.

I can connect with another human being and. I know and in such a way that. I know. I've got the connection and there's a feeling that the person gets when they've got kinesthetic rapport the heart map the people at heart mass org have done a huge amount of of research on this connection process.

So if you if you go to heart mass org they have a free ebook. That you can download it's a free ebook. Download the e-book. Go right.

To chapter 6 cut it out and just read it it's all about how the heart synchronized between two people or sometimes one person's brain synchronizes with another person's heart it's all mediated by the emotional energy or the electromagnetic energy that's put out by the heart and that heart wave as they call it has emotional energy embedded within it emotional information embedded within it that other people pick up on. So if. I connect with somebody and that's what rate the rapport level in a and killer influence and. CPI is is we're going to teach you exactly the mechanics of how to do this and it's not like.

NLP we don't do it the way. NLP does we do in a very very easy natural way that creates a very powerful organic connection between people and we teach you how to sense when you've got it and what did and. Then we teach you how to build on it. So what what happens is you've got control of your state you've linked with another human being in a way that you know that their neurology is mirroring whatever you're doing you change your emotional state.

Then their state changes to yes. Or yes. But here's the thing they don't know it see they don't they don't feel like you did anything to them because their state changes from the inside out it's almost like you know how sometimes you have an upgrade to your ear on your operating system and rather than going in and having to delete all of your your apps it just it just loads itself around the apps yes. Know what.

I'm talking about you ever had that happen or your software cut you doesn't you don't have to go and delete all the things you did it just uploads around it that's kind of what happens with your neurology when that information reaches your system and your state starts to change from the inside out those perceptual filters that we just talked about they flip automatically. So that the person you're talking to is automatically predisposed to listening to you in the way that's in harmony with the states you're both in and. So literally if you get this piece right. You can say all the wrong things and still have a high chance of getting people to go along with you they will give you the benefit of the doubt and.

Then we just make it stronger okay. There's there's no. 100% of anything in in persuasion we all know this anybody's ever tried in persuasion class knows there's been times when you should work even in the martial arts there's no. 100% techniques.

But we can't waste we can't spend time focusing on the exceptions to the rule we have to focus on what is true most of the time if you had a technique that worked exactly the way it's supposed to nine out of every ten times you used it would you use it what if you could make what if you could take that nine out of ten times and make it percentage by percentage it closer and closer to ten because that's where you're going. But the secret starts with learning how to control your own emotional state the easiest way to change another human being state is to change yours. First the changers. First the fastest way to change your state is not through your willpower it's through your body it's through your body okay.

So. I'm going to share some things with you that. I only usually share with my killer influence on my. CPI students these are what we call meta frames these are body language body posture configurations that generate a feeling to them in the other person and in yourself.

So. I'm going to give you a choice we don't have time we don't have time for all of them. But. I'm going to give you the choice you can learn how to be a master and commander you can learn how to be a rock star or you can learn how to be a people like and trust you and believe you're you're completely authentic and trustworthy which one would you like to play with go ahead and type it in the chat that's the one.

Rockstar lots of like and trust very good excellent. So here's how it works. I may have to take my vest off to do that would that be okay. So you can see it okay.

All right. You all reason. I'm doing this is. So you can see see what my body is doing okay.

So let's talk about let's talk about physiology and why it's important you know we have the red. Levi's where. PG please okay. Fine all right.

I'll put this back on in a minute. But okay. So. First and foremost.

So look. At my posture now okay. Now if let me give you a little background. First.

So when we talk about people who are ethical honest have a lot of integrity if you can think of body posture words that would describe them what would they be. Then type it in the chat open up right. Excellent it would be relaxed attentive okay. Let's let's this is with you we call these.

Oregon language. So how many feel her is it please an upstanding guy he's a straight shooter he's a stent he's a stand-up guy right. You see how we equate certain emotional or personality attributes to our physiology that's because those postures are hardwired to those concepts how do we describe people who are evil been twisted crooked thank you right. You can go to back go back you don't believe me go back to the old silent movie days and look.

At the caricatures of the villains they're always bent over they're always hunched right. So you have these two polarities you have. But. But did you know flirting has a body language you know flirting has a posture yeah and you can and you can use that posture to access a state of playful flirtatiousness.

So let's put is you know you've never picked up like a. Maxim magazine or a. Playgirl magazine or whatever whatever gender you're into you've never opened up the centerfold. I see them going right.

You never do it you never see a politician going ah hehehe lane right. There's a huge emphasis on posture because even though we could abstractly know this organically wired into you is this understanding that posture equals attribute. So when you see people who are very charismatic they usually have really good posture they usually have really good posture and they take up a lot of space those things are gonna be important in a minute. But going back to flirting flirting did you know flirting hasn't posture see all.

I did all. I did was change the posture and you. But you got all you guys started smiling. I didn't say anything right.

And you're separated by an internet connection right. Upright. Upstanding crooked twist knotti right. Naughty playful mischievious.

So if you want to control your state change your posture get it now in. CP on killer influence we have like six or seven or eight different props posture files that we go through that you have this big. Batman utility belt of postures that you can practice. But for here.

I don't have time. So. I'm going to give you. I'm going to give you just.

So you guys want to know about trust. But let's say you're let's say you got to go into a meeting let's say you've got to go into maybe maybe you're going out socializing. But you're a little uptight change your posture hold it for two minutes and go for it right. And as you draw as long as you remember to keep that posture you'll stay in this day.

So if we want to if you want to generate trust and sincerity the. First thing we have to understand is that we're always telling coming from the heart. So if you can imagine a plexiglass screen right. Over your heart like a little window and when you talk to somebody now.

I'm doing. I'm not doing it yeah and when you talk to somebody you talk as if you want to show them your heart hey this is this is and. I just want to show it to you or and if you want to take it more advanced you imagine a little spotlight beaming that out to people and you just paint them with it. So this is open heart trust trigger.

So we're here and now. I'm back to normal now. I don't know how well you can feel that through the through the internet connection there it is. I can be have my hands clasped.

I can do my. Jesus pose. But the idea is when. I talk to you.

I'm talking to you from my heart. I'm showing my heart to you now it's not this is fine. I do this from a posture it's not this ladies it's not showing the world what. God gave you it's not that okay.

It's not rolling back the shoulders like a military. I did. I did a training for about 35 personal injury attorneys back in. I think was back in 2016 2017 and.

I had a hell of a time getting them to do this cuz they all thought they were in the military right. That's different. I want to. I want to show you my heart see how it just opens that chest a little bit and that's all it is it's just opening and rolling it forward it's not as nothing the shoulders are completely relaxed.

So why don't we go. I want you to stand up don't you go ahead and stand up and. I want you to just stand normal and. Then.

I want you to just imagine there's this plexiglass screen here and you just want to show some show somebody your heart just say you know and notice how you start to feel and. Then go back to standing normal yeah and now. I'll show them your heart can you feel it if you can feel it tell me what you feel in the chat just go ahead strangely open yeah yeah this this is the worst you'll ever be added by the way this is really powerful stuff if all you did was stand like that for 10 20 minutes a day two or three times a day you'd have a very different life you'd move through the world in a very different place this signals openness authenticity trust sincerity and when you come from this place people just trust you they just feel like they have this connection and they don't know why they don't and. Then honestly most the time they don't really care because there's people are especially now with this whole common crap going on and everybody being such isolated places when you can connect even through a video connection like this you can feel when.

I when. I go into this people are starving for this level of connection and when you move through the world giving people that just by me just like by making eye contact and meeting you well they'll move heaven and earth to get it again and again because most of us are dramatically starved for that kind of connection and as you move through the world making everyone around you feel ridiculously good they're gonna do stuff for you they're gonna give you stuff you understand and you haven't even had to see you haven't had to say anything yet that's where we start understand that's where we start that's one that's one we have ones for authority and dominance which in a gentle way we have ones that are more like rock stars where you go in and everybody flocks to you like moths to a flame and things like that we're not time for that here. But. But.

I wanted to talk to you about state control from a body perspective because this is the one that cooks the rice this is the one that gets the vast majority of everything else done are there any of my students in the in the chats or here who have used this stuff out in the field that can want to speak to that or talk about it for a little bit or aren't any questions on it since we have a pretty good interface. I can go ahead and take a few questions before we move on is this useful it works that says it works. Alessia says yes. Yes.

You know. Cal middle. I know. Neal yes.

Cool excellent all right. Excellent super useful it doesn't really work one okay. Excellent. So we're all in this thing kind of on the same page right.

It is great for presenting absolutely absolutely this is one if you are if you make your living through any form of public speaking not just cow coaching or consulting. But getting up on a stage and talking to hundreds of people kind of like. I'm doing now right. This is an amazingly powerful tool to control your state to put you in the right.

Frame to be the mentor the guide the teacher the trusted adviser and when you do that with regardless of whether you're actually delivering your service or encouraging people to take the. Next step by getting a product or a live event or whatever there you're going to come across as having their best interests at heart you won't come across as someone who's trying to get them to buy something you understand the difference we call that the difference between selling psychology and offer psychology when we present to people our job is need to sell them something our job is to find out authentically what they want and authentically determine if what we give what we have will give them we'll give you what you want and. Then find a way to make sure that they recognize that fit and if they want it great if they don't well that's okay. Too.

But we've given them the offer. But when you've properly connected people you've properly connected people. So the things they emot-- that emotionally satisfying fulfill them they will ask you to buy they will ask you for the date they will ask to become your client and eighty ninety percent of the objections that you're going to deal with are going to go right. Out the window completely out the window okay.

Because more often than not the objections you get are based on the fact that you weren't presenting - what's emotionally driving them for that product or service. So it actually quite powerfully simplifies what it simplifies the presentation process and if you're coming from that sincere place and you can sincerely fulfill that and you show that to them and that's what we'll cover. Next if that's what you guys want to do we'll talk about emotional bonding if you want or we can go into hypnotic language we don't have time for both. So.

I'm gonna give it. I'll let you guys decide where do you want to go a lot of you are asking about state control. So. I wanted to give you that we also have a whole module on on using your mind to control your state you don't have a lot of time to do that on this webinar.

But for those of you who come to killer influence you guys want a bond alright. Now here's the deal. I'm gonna do this like a class in other words. I'm gonna teach you the process and.

Then. I'm gonna break you up into groups and you're gonna practice on each other would that be okay. All right. Unless you guys would swim you soon let me you see here in lecture it's your class you tell me guys one person says.

I just want a lecture okay. All right. Then. I'll just.

I'll just show you how to do it okay. So it's 5:16 now when do we actually get on zoom' how long ago do we get on zoom' well one oh [ __ ]. I'm sorry guys you guys in the. UK.

God love you thank you for for hanging out with us. So here's what. I'm gonna do here's what. I'm going to do.

I told you. I had an offer for you right. I had a big package. I put together if you guys would give me 15 minutes or.

So. I'd like to talk to you about that and. Then. I'll come back and.

I'll teach you the criterion values process the bond emotional bonding process and for those of you who need to go to bed or whatever. Then you can go to bed or whatever is that okay. Yes. Or you know type it in the chat.

I need to know okay. Cool. So thank you for your patience. I do apologize for the for the you know the the mishaps with the platforms and stuff like that.

But. I do appreciate y'all jumping on. So my problem again my promise is as soon as we're done with the the offer that the package we've got. I'm gonna circle back we're gonna we're gonna keep teaching.

So and we'll go on for a little while longer and hopefully you guys will feel like he got what she needed from this weather okay. Is that okay. Okay. Cool.

I mean you can jump to this cuz. I've got some really cool stuff for you guys okay. So let me go ahead and share my screen. So here's got here's what we got going on now for those of you before.

I share my screen let me just go ahead and say for those of you who this is your. First time one of the things that. I get asked a lot about in my trainings is because if you ever been a lumpy power even or website you notice we have a huge amount of product in our trainings and a lot of times it can be a little bit confusing because some people come in to train they wanna know how to be a therapist some want to know how to improve their love life someone had just increased their ability to manage people and improve their sales and they're often sometimes a little bit confused. So they'll come up to me at a training go.

David. I noticed that the price points on your on your on your website for your products and your live events are very very similar and. I'm kind of torn. I'm not sure if.

I should take this training or by that video course and without hesitation without missing a beat. I tell them right. Up front take the live event because at the live event just like we're doing now. I can interact with you.

I can observe you. I can give you feedback. I can install things directly for you and you can work with other people and you can kind of connect and bond. So if you have to choose between coming to a live event or a video product whatever possible come to the live event.

First now because of the whole pandemic thing we're still doing live events what we're doing them virtually and. So for every live event ticket that we offer we haven't cancelled any classes for 2020 we've just made them virtual and when the pandemic is over for every virtual class you attend you're going to get a bump a. VIP ticket to attend the same class live and in person. So.

I'm just. I'm saying that ahead of time. So you understand that you're not stuck okay. So that being said let me go ahead and jump into this are you ready to take your skills even further of course you are you just asked you that.

So coming up in. July 15th through the 18th or actually um we'll talk about that a minute we're offering our killer influencer secrets of covert-hypnosis home study course. I believe this is the 20. I think this is the 2016 version.

I could be wrong died at twelve hundred ninety seven dollars and. I talked a little bit about this particular program at the beginning of the webinar where. I kind of compared it between. CPI and killer influence and killer influence takes the same.

Universal persuasion protocol that we've talked about takes you through the report the state control drills the report drills the hypnotic language patterns linking linking that to manage people's states jumping into their process and targeting and emotionally bonding to their. Criterion values teach you that basic foundation is going to teach you a method commands it's going to teach you all kinds of other linguistic techniques that are very powerful and very useful to take a little bit more finesse and. Then it's going to take you into the realm of hypnotic operators these are these are the things that. I said before like proxemic hypnotic operators like how you can manage the spatial relationships between you and other people to influence them in a very direct way without ever being caught just by sneaking you know just standing you just know where you sit or stand at a at a meeting table can dramatically influence how much authority people perceive you as having how you stand in terms of your posture like you've learned with the open heart trust trigger.

Kennex can express more trust and authority and sincerity you're going to get a very very thorough training in exactly how to do that you can learn how to control your state it will you're going to learn to set it most powerful hypnotic language patterns that exist patterns that allow you to instantly make anything you want cause anything you want patterns that allow you to make anything you want mean anything you want patterns that force people's minds to pay attention to you in ways that they can't resist you're gonna learn how to make people's internal pictures be exactly what you want them to be with very very little variation and those are just four of the patterns that you'll be learning in the. Killoren we going to teach you also about social hypnotic operators these are elements in the world like scarcity and reciprocity that culture has programmed into you to make you behave in a certain way and if you understand those patterns of installation and behavior you can use them to get people to want to do what you want them to do and feel good about it there's also a program a module in there on face reading and cold meeting specifically cold reading in this particular version where you can learn how to actually gain tremendous influence over another human being by learning how to spot read their body language their dress subtle cues about that that make inferences that allow you to tell people about themselves much the way a psychic tells you about yourself and. Then what happens is when you do that people start to give you tremendous tremendous authority in their world and they just start to to just become hyper suggestible to you there's also one module that we call dirty rotten tricks which is really more of the grey hat the great area types of attraction and influence tactics that are very very powerful. But they take a little bit of setup and they have the the potential to be misused.

So if you if you do nothing else. But learn those techniques for the sake of protecting yourself against them it'll be worth well worth your time the total package is. I think it's like 14. I think 17 videos and it's a total value of one thousand two hundred and ninety seven dollars we're also going to throw in our speed attraction rapid attraction secrets from the study course this takes our.

CPI system and killer influence materials and it focuses it directly into the fields of. Attraction dating and romance initial in the seven stages of mating our body are not going to say maybe. I don't mean sex. I mean the body language phases that people go through that lets you know where you're at in the attraction process are you right.

At the very beginning where you're approaching. Ari or is she a track is she actually attracted to you and there are actually seven discreet body language phases that a person goes through from. Europe from stranger to intimacy and there's only and through five of the seven steps the woman's leading the dance man only has to pay attention to two steps and if he does those two things more often than not she will go home with him or or become more intimate with him very very rapidly if you don't understand the inner you as a man you miss those cues. Then you actually go backwards down the attraction scale and you have to start from scratch.

So you can and once you understand it you can look. At another couple and speed me exactly what stage of the process they're in you're going to show you about attitudes frames how to read people this is how to approach event you had a case of. Nu how to walk up to a complete stranger and do the three magic questions process which allows you to instantly create powerful deep level connections three magic questions is actually a process that was originally designed for ladies to attract men. I modified it a little bit.

So that men could use it as equally as well with women and. Then one of my students out there in the world. Kristen. Bell actually was the.

First to modify it for. Houston the legal profession and now we're using it everywhere. So three magic questions is a freemen a three-stage protocol that allows you to cut straight of a conversation anywhere anytime for any reason and become the most fascinating conversationalist in the room people will think you're the most fascinating person they've ever talked to and you don't have to say practically anything except what came out of their mouth if you're familiar with our echo technique or are some of the courses with. John that that plays a big part in this and get a very very deep understanding of the three magic questions protocol it does two things it simultaneously generates attraction between two people and it causes the other person to self-disclose it causes them to give out more and more and more information that lets you figure out really really quickly if there's someone you want to go into a deeper relationship with or if they go on the.

Next pile right. So total value is 1497 dollars we're gonna include that as part of this amazing webinar special offer we're also going to include us a lot of you have stuff you want to clear up and even though this in this particular course is really about influencing people one of the most important people to influence is yourself and. So a lot of people come in with and they need to do self work. So the state control will help you a lot with your with your state control work.

But this particular video energy hypnosis speed healing is a crash course that we did several years ago and it teaches when. I run the most powerful self-help techniques we call it energy spinning or psychosomatic neuromodulation and this is a way for you to locate a body feeling connected to an emotion that you want to clear turn it into a color take it out of your body spin it in a different direction put it back in and that stuff goes away this is one of those powerful healings / other healing to interpersonal healing techniques we've ever come up with we're gonna cook. That in there as a free extra bonus value at $97 and you'll be able to clear up a lot of [ __ ] really really quick if you were to go to the website today and and try to purchase that you're looking at a total value of two thousand eight hundred and ninety one dollars. But there's more to this we're also going to include for those of you have a business orientation we're going to throw in our stealth selling secrets.

CPI extension and what this is is a deep dive into the criterion values process that. I'm going to be sharing with you after we've talked with we've talked about what we're about this package in this package you're going to learn about several things you can learn about how to control frames how to change frames what from within. But most importantly you're going to learn how to do a deep dive into the emotional drivers behind any prospective employer customer or interviewer that you are going to be interacting with you're going to be able to find out very very quickly what they're looking for and know exactly what to say to them in exactly the way to say it makes them want you or your product or your service more than all the other people competing for that same process that same opportunity okay. We had one particular gentleman his name was.

Chris not. Chris tom doniphon. Chris who came to this training he was in the pharmaceutical business and he was from the old school. Marketing just hit him a features and benefits beat him over the head with objection handlers until they you basically browbeat them into bite and he fought he bought he fought us on this tooth and now and in this video.

I co-taught this with my good friend. James c2 in this video you'll actually see us using the criterion value process on him to literally convince him to want this product or service he became such an advocate of this particular process that in. Later trainings when he came back for advanced training every time it was time for us to teach criteria and values he would literally jump up like horshack from. Welcome.

Back. Kotter and begged to teach this section he literally went through three or four jobs in the time when the economy was at hidden pits and he got hired by three different companies he had the worst outsourcing luck in a job like sorting lucky in history he would he would get hired by a company he'd be doing great six weeks. Later the company would downsize he'd be the he may have the less seniority he'd be out yeah do that three times he became such he used this time this this particular process every single time to get a brand new job he became such a proponent of it that he decided to leave pharmaceutical sales and go into full-time coaching working with children because he realized that if the coaching business ever fell through he could get a job like that it's a very powerful process it's a fun process and when you combine it with state control and frame control which are very very connected to one another you can get you can get a huge amount of increase in your sales in your when you get evaluated for your job interviews or your promotions this is gonna be a very very powerful process for you total value 297 dollars presupposes you have training in. CPI or killer influence.

So if you're go to the website today you will try to set by this all will be three thousand one hundred eighty eight dollars. But we're also going to throw in a very special crash course we call anchors in action anchors are a literally a stimulus response mechanism that your body has for linking an external state with a certain type of behavior or an external state. So like all this particulars particular video state control on demand because once you understand how anchors work you can literally program here a specific cycle emotional state to a touch a a gesture of body posture and go into that state in seconds you're all in this video you're also gonna learn how to spot we don't cover it too deeply. But we do talk about it you learn how to spot other people's and natural anchors you see people have a spatial filing cabinet around them where they where they look.

To sort good things like good decisions best decision bad decision and when you ask them about certain topics or certain processes they'll automatically look. To a spatial location and if you know where that spatial location is you can take your contract or yourself and stand in that spot and talk to them from that spot and they'll actually link those feelings to you automatically it's very cool. But it starts with the fundamentals you'll learn how to set anchors how to collapse anchors how to do sliding anchors tonal anchors anchoring is a very very powerful part of neural linguistic programming it's one of the most powerful ways that human beings learn and you're going to learn how to use this very very powerfully in this crash course also cook. I think my friend.

James. TG was also helping me teach this one. So invite at $97 total value three thousand two hundred eighty five. So for those of you who are interested in a live training coming up.

July 5th. I'm gonna put the dates in here for you. July 16th through the 19th. I believe it is 16 17 18 19 yeah 16 through the 19th we're doing a four a four plus one day live covert killer influence covert hypnosis training this is a value of one thousand nine hundred and ninety seven dollars and for the.

First 35 people who register for the webinar package you're going to get a free. VIP ticket to our. July 16th through the nineteenth event now if the covert issue is still running we'll be doing it we'll be doing it virtually and when we run it again in 2021 you can come to the live event absolutely free okay. We want our commitment to you is to make sure that you can actually do this okay.

These are certification classes and you'll be issued a provisional certification once you've finished the virtual training if you come to the live event you'll get a full blown certificate and you'll be certified as a hypnotic operator hypnotic specialist in covert influence total value for this would be if you add it all up will be five thousand two hundred and eighty two dollars let me go back to slide show version oops what happened oh there we go. So just as an aside. So you're looking at. First thirty-five people only.

First and this is only by the way this. VIP ticket is only good for as long as. I'm on the webinar. So you can still get the video courses the the killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis speed attraction rapid attraction secret valued at 1497 you get the energy of gnosis speed healing valued at $97 you get the stealth selling secrets valued at 297 dollars and the anchors in action video home study course you can get all that total value $5,200 that's all available on the replay.

However only the. First 35 people to sign up on today's webinar are gonna get this free. VIP ticket total value five thousand two hundred and eighty two dollars it's gonna be held here in. San.

Diego. July 16th through the nineteenth and. So obviously there's a lot going on here you have the killer influence of course we talked about speed attraction buy it at 1497 energy hypnosis speed healing valued at $97 stealth selling secrets two hundred ninety seven dollars that one alone. I should probably bump that up an extra grand just because it.

So many people make. So much money once they come out of that course anchors in action valued at $97 killer influence five-day live covert hypnosis certification bootcamp buy it at one thousand nine hundred and ninety seven dollars total value it's actually more than this you do the math. But it's five thousand two hundred eighty two bucks. However we're not going to charge you that fact we're not even going to charge you that we're not going to charge it two thousand six hundred ninety seven for those of you who want to grab this package today including all five of the trainings and the five-day live event ticket one loan.

Stallman of nine ninety seven or three easy payments of just three ninety-nine there should be a link in your chat hopefully yeah. So kill it. So go ahead and we. X out of this or something.

So. I can see what's going on here go ahead and do that is there is. So. I can see this is their uh either a link in the chat yeah okay.

Our apologies like. I said we weren't planning on having to do this on zoom. So bear with us. Oh excellent.

So while you're doing that if you guys have questions just type it in the chat. I'll try to answer those and. Then we'll what's that giving everybody a chance to work on that everybody see the link yeah if you have questions you can email. Stephanie directly.

Stephanie at. NLP power comm or you can reach out she has our. NLP power our phone number is eight five eight two eight two four six six three let me go ahead and type that in the chat eight five eight two eight two four six six three. So.

Stephanie can help you is everybody still with me. I can't. I'm not seeing a lot of chats. I guess you guys are all doing your thing.

So. I'll take that oh yeah a couple of things about our packages for those of you if you have if you want from. NLP power before and you you have one of these courses as long as the price points are of equal or lesser value you can swap them out we have no. Problem customizing the package.

So that you get what you need instead of getting you know double duplicates or something you've purchased previously we have no. Problem doing that nice thing about our. VIP tickets is that they never expire. So you have that.

VIP ticket to use at your discretion if it takes you two years to get back to one of our trainings your seats waiting for you when you're ready to use it if we change the price of the event great you know prices usually only go up you're you're immune to any price increases you can come to the event even if we're full we'll find a seat for you right. Well you always have a place you have that ticket empty. I've had people by. Armando supremo.

I wanted all packages at. I hit no. Thougts live or whatever and. I mean it's taken him two three years to get back to training they call me up say.

David. I've got this got this package from you back in 20 2016 2017 and. I just haven't had a chance to use it can. I still use this and come on in give.

Stephanie a call a couple of rules about giving. Stephanie a call about a live ticket hey um you're always welcome to come to any training that you're qualified for in other words there certain courses that we have that have prerequisites to that and. So the killer influence is a prerequisite to most of our courses. So if you're coming into one of our advanced level courses like vibrational influence.

NLP training we want you to have some kind of preliminary training. First the killer influence really does kind of cover all of your bases. But you could also use identity by design you can do. CPI those all will fill a certain level of bacteria for that as well if and when we do off for an.

LP. VIP ticket we really encourage you to have a strong a strong background in hypnosis before going into it we have seen time and time again that the people who do these influence techniques in the. NLP stuff the best started with a foundation of thorough grounding in hypnosis. So we want you to really have that under your under your belt and our belief is we want you to be ready to hypnotize people anytime anywhere for any reason suggested beginners book.

For hypnosis you know if you're looking at old-school hypnosis. I would recommend you start with hypnotherapy by de bellman hypnotherapy like they don't take that in the chapter where my where my cursor go. Anyway let me go ahead and put this back to hold on a. Second.

I gotta get out of this particular screen darn it. I'll gonna figure this out eventually guys trust me look. There's my chairs my chat okay. Cool alright.

So yeah hypnotherapy by de bellman he's probably got just simply about that. I leave somehow or another. I got got you on privacy again everyone if no. Therapy okay.

Now for those of you who are excited about the killer influence training there will be a special bonus day available for the. First 35 people who enroll we may make that people have the get haven't decided yet. But one of the things that will happen is if you've got one of the. First 35 people to enroll you will get a very special bonus day where we it's literally just you and and and me and a small group of students and all we're gonna do is on that fifth days we're gonna we're gonna drill down let me go back we're gonna drill down on everything that you want to learn about it's kind of like an ask me anything day well you get all of my attention devoted to you.

So we're gonna have you predict this particular training is going to have a lot of people in it. But only a small handful of people are going to get that personalized fifth day where you can drill down and you know we'll do hot seats well will troubleshoot your persuasion and influence techniques and we'll help you kind of target them and tailor them more fully to the applications that you want that's only a benefit for the. First 35 people to enroll in this web this in the five-day killer influence webinar. VIP ticket today.

So let me see what other questions you guys have. So okay. So calf. Wilber is asking my.

Internet's table can i watch the replay yes. Kathy you can. Natalia is asking. David are those mating stages discussed before optical for the male versus feeling there they're there for both genders because it's it's a dance that both genders engage in there are seven discreet body language phases that couples go through.

I don't care if you're you know male form at male to male whether you're female to female male to female the gender doesn't really matter it's understanding these these seven distinct phases and have it and know what they mean and actually what. I do in that particular video course is. I actually walk people step by step through each of the phases and. I deconstruct it for them.

So people know now these are not all webinars this is you know these are all live events they're not live webinars these are every every single video course here with the exception of the five-day live covert-hypnosis certification bootcamp is an actual three five or seven day training that. I taught live and in-person. So you'll see all the all the warts and all the bells and whistles and everything else. So.

But yeah if you were if you if you've ever had a problem figuring out where you are in the in the in the process of going from stranger to intimate the seven stages will help you to decode that entire process and once you're aware of it you start going out into the world you've watched them you start observing human beings in their natural habitat you will see this everywhere and what's interesting is not only is it useful for the original application which was dating and relating and mating. But it's also directly transferable into business applications. So when you walk up to people and people are about to sign a deal you will start to see many variations of these same seven stages because even though it's it's not a bio biologically based you know two people coming together to create a. Third it's two people coming together to create a product and.

So you'll see a lot of these same body language positions coming out as people move closer and closer to agreement and mutual trust and. So everything that we teach. I look. At social human social and dating and relating interactions as the archetype for all other forms of social communication and.

So we can extry can take what people do in that dating and mating process and we can literally map it across to legal applications negotiation applications interview applications and we can extrapolate and create a universal system for ourselves that lets us know when we're getting closer to our goals and what we need to do to take that relationship whether it's professional whether it's financial whether it's you know sensual sexual emotional to the. Next natural progression. So there's and that's what. I mean when.

I said at the beginning of the webinar everything that we're talking about everything that you're going to be learning is a based on this concept of understanding and recognizing the patterns of human thought behavior and speech and how they all relate to one another and once you can do that people become very very very understandable. I won't say it's always a hundred percent nothing ever is. But you're in the high 90s most of the time and if you understand the state-controlled concept that we covered. First and foremost you'll move through the world radiating a sense of sincerity and and authenticity and good feelings that will make people want to spend time with you they'll want to believe in you and they'll don't simply follow your lead most of the time this is before you bring out any of the all-powerful hypnotic language stuff that we're going to teach you in.

CPI and killer influence very very powerful stuff okay. So. I hope that answers your question any other questions before. I move on.

I want to start teaching again you're welcome to type what are some reasons why a person might get ghosted quite a lot there could be a lot of reasons why you get ghosted one of the problems is that text communication is a really really really limited form of human interaction because you're it's write this down for those of you other places in the chat. But. I want you to go ahead and write this down 738 55 738 55 these are some of the post important numbers you will ever learn when it comes to persuading and influencing let me stop let me. I'm gonna share my.

I'm gonna share my whiteboard again. So. I can. I can kind of go with work on this all right.

This cool are you guys enjoying this. So far is this useful for you yes. Or yes. Go alright.

So. I'm gonna go back to my whiteboard it's clear. So once again where's my draw except let's do it this way why am. I not seeing my army while.

I figure out why my controls are like well here we go alright. So let's do text seven 38:55 seven percent seven percent of all communication is verbal or linguistic thirty-eight percent is tonal fifty-five percent is your body language aka kinesin when you communicate via text you lose ninety-three percent ninety-three percent of your ability to influence 93 percent of your ability that be understood is lost and. So what happens is the words that you type are filtered through whatever emotional states the person reading your text is in not only that because the lion's share of your communication has been lost because of the texting the. Association that people connect to the words you use may trigger an emotional response in them that is not good for you and they can because they're reading your words in there in terms of their own emotional state you guys remember that emotional refractory period we talked about yes.

Or no. All right. Because you you sanitized because of the texting you sanitized all of your tonality you've sanitized all of your body language everything that you're using right. Now to understand what.

I'm saying ninety-three percent of it is gone in a text. So all you're left with is a series of words that may or may not be interpreted the way you intend them to be interpreted and if they're in a bad mood that's why. I went that way back when. I was studying internet marketing one of the things they told one of the.

First rules they ever taught me was never read email in the morning why because you're usually cranky in the morning unless you want those weird morning people right. You're usually cranky never read it you would never read email when you're in a bad mood because that's gonna be filtered through your emotional refractory period okay. Walkers yeah right. A lot of times what happens especially with with chat messages and things like that people have a very short attention span and they start to get antsy and.

So if you text them for too long they they get sucked away into something else either deliberately because they don't want to talk anywhere they don't want to sit there anymore or they've got other things going on because most people are trying to multitask. So there's a lot of reasons why people will ghost you and a lot of it you lose control over the moment you lose at 30 that 93 percent okay. One of the fastest ways to keep them on forever is to just echo their words use as many of their words in your text message as they've written to you and. Then ask questions using those words and they'll feel understood and they'll feel very connected and simply they'll hang out for much longer if you stay on too long they may get bored and distract there's lots of reasons why it can be ghosted.

But if you think about what. I just talked about a lot of what the authenticity that you're applying to what. I'm talking about is. Trent is come is communicated through what.

I'm doing with my body and my tonality not just the words and. So like. Bob. So.

I got the glare off my dome right. Now right. Now okay. Cool okay.

So you guys ready for more okay. Type yeah. I only work when. I get enough interaction.

So if you're in you got to be interactive with me all right. Lose my mojo all right. Cool. So this is how you emotionally bond people to yourself your product or your service okay.

Quick questions when someone has a negative experience with yourself or your company how to influence and to motivate them to do business again the. First thing you want to do just as a quick sidebar is you want to inoculate them with that you lead with it you say you know. I realized in the past we had some we had some issues with. X.

Y &. Z and. I'm fully committed to making sure that you get the best service possible we completely own it me screwed up and we're really really grateful that you took. The time to come back to us you always leave one of my mentors nice assassin in she used to say show him your panties now how many may be familiar with.

Lisa's acid itch at all if you're a female entrepreneur you should really be studying her work and if you're a male entrepreneur you should really be studying her work. I make a joke. I lovingly the woman farts money okay. I've literally seen her raise 450 thousand dollars for a woman's network in 20 minutes by showing a video and saying go go go donate she's got a really great system for how to to communicate with people from the heart and for from really coming from that heart centered approach.

So if you're someone who doesn't like to sell who loves what they do. But hates to sell. Lisa's got a great system. I learned tremendous amount from being on the few men in her mastermind and.

I teach all of that in my advanced courses as well. But one of the things that. Lisa is very very good at lease excessive itch. SI.

SE v i. CH one of the things that. Lisa is very very good with is creating that sense of vulnerability and authenticity and the way she does it you she leads with a very personal story something that only someone she's very intimate with you would share with and. Schiele and she does that with the entire audience she shares her vulnerability with the audience and when you do that you trust her same thing is true for two reasons.

I'll show from what. Lisa's saying. But going back to this whole business idea when you lead with the thing that's bad the thing that could be used against you it can no. Longer be used against you there was a study.

I think it was done by the. University of. Minnesota there were two actually one they wanted to see what would happen what would the difference in people's of opinions and behaviors would be between being said when faced with self disclosure versus discovering something on their own from an outside source. So what they did was they set up mock elections and during these mock elections the candidate during one one speech he would he would he would confide with the audience that he was a deadbeat dad prior to running for office that he's been 18 years he'd been married he'd had a kid he didn't pay child support he was dead be dead he would lead with that he would ask for forgiveness he would say dick.

I'm committed to becoming a better person and helping the world whatever he did and. Then he would do his his presentation and. Then on when a different group the same candidate would just start giving his presentation and. Then one of the plants in the audience would raise their hand say hey didn't that read somewhere you are a deadbeat dad and he would do his pretty and they would go back and forth and.

Then they would and they did this several times and they tallied the election results from each of those the times when the clients self disclosed. First versus when it was discovered by a. Third party and what they discovered was that when the when the candidate self disclosed that didn't a potentially damaging piece of information it no. Longer counted against him he got more votes.

But he self disclosed. Then when a. Third party came up and and you know spilled the beans they did it they did a similar stig didn't even test this principle again. So what they did now with it a very attractive woman they had her sitting up on a park bench on a college campus and in her purse was a herpes pamphlet and she was a very attractive woman and women and men would go buy a supplier and they would calibrate how long it would take a guy to ask her out and.

So one guy would come up and she'd sit on the bench. Next to him and she would accidentally knock over her purse and the herpes pamphlet would fall out and she'd wait for the guy to pick it up and. Then another guy would come up she'd drop over purse and say. I'm fun party.

I drop my herpes pamphlet could you pick that up for me and the guy would pick it up and what they wanted to do. I don't know. I don't remember right. Off the top of my head if they actually if she asked them out or if they were asked if they'd go out with her.

But the vast majority of people who when she asked him to and claimed that herpes pamphlet we're willing to go out with her and. Wednesday picked it up and handed it to her. So the takeaway is if there's something that is potentially damaging that could be used against you build it into the very. First part of your introduction to your presentation in sales and marketing when.

I see when. I teach people what sales copy and writing copy and things like that one of the things you want to do is you want to step into the minds of your target and come up in your mind with every objection that could have to your product or service and answer it before they have a chance to ask it right. It's a slight it's a slight deviation from this same principle. But if you have something that could potentially be used against you you'll never go wrong leading with it and owning it.

Obama made a career out of this. Obama would. Woodcock to everything that came up he would say sorry. Then he go on right.

So there's a it's a very powerful very powerful tool. But it takes a little bit of courage to use it takes a little bit. Kirstie's. Logan is asking any help influencing my kids to follow instructions yes.

Use their words and use hypnotic language always give them the illusion of choice we covered that pretty thoroughly in cpi-u killer influence. So if you grab one of those special offers you'll get you'll get the exact words you need. But start with using their words one of the problems that we every human being has is they never feel completely understood and. So when you use a person's very own words it actually forces their neurology to orient on you and pay attention to you and every word that you use that comes out of their mouth makes them feel more connected to you the longer the longer you talk to them.

I recommend you go with their seminars. First. But if you're if budgets if budgeting is an issue. Then get her books.

I have everything she's put out you can see you can see her stuff right. There as a matter of fact. I. I'm a big fan of.

Lisa's. I really do believe in what she does. I learned a lot. I learned a lot of things.

I was already doing right. Before. I went there and. Then.

I found out some little tweaks. But she's probably the best. I've seen. So far in terms of that authentic presentation heart-centered approach how can you get an.

X lower listen to you again use their words it's called the echo technique we have massive amounts of videos on it on the. YouTube channel the most powerful words any human being can hear are the ones that just came out of their mouth period if you knew if you learn no. Other language technique from me other than echo technique everywhere you go people would hang on every word you said because the ones that just came out of their mouths they're the most important words that person can hear at any given moment okay. And once they're listening to you now you can bring to bear all the other techniques that you may know okay.

I'll tell you a really quick story what am i one of my associates tjz. Bell when he was. First came to state he's known me six years now. First year was with me he.

First learned about the echo technique and he was seeing this girl at the time and he learned about the echo technique he's like. I don't know about that and. So he went went to the girlfriend's house. Anyway.

I just learned it was up to us. I just learned as though some amazing take you're gonna love it. But. First before.

I before we get into it tell me about your day how was your day and she starts telling them she starts telling about her day and every time you see it was his chance to see all he did was echo her words about 15 minutes into the conversation she looks up she goes. So what was that technique that you were going to tell me about. I'll get to that in a minute just. I'm really having a good cover to tell more about your day and for another 15 minutes he would echo everything she said she said.

X he said. X she said why she said 130 more minutes. So when are you gonna tell me about this technique that she. But not we'll get to that we'll get to that don't worry about 45 minutes goes by he can't take it anymore he bursts out laughing she's like what he goes you remember that technique that.

I was telling you that. I learned this really cool technique on yeah what are you going to tell me about it was she. I've been using it on you for the. Last 45 minutes she was what oh yeah what it's really good yeah really yes.

And. Then ena goes to us. So just as an aside or just for the sake of understanding how do you feel about the conversation we just had she goes you know. I think this is the best conversation we've ever had now this is a woman who knew him for decades and yet it went right.

In. So if you learn nothing. But that if there's really only three things if most people need that. I did that.

I teach a lot of stuff. But the big one always starts with the echo technique and. Then it usually links to three magic questions or criterion values which is where we're going. Next you learn you learn through magic questions and.

CPI you learn through magic question. UK levels. But echo technique is where it starts human beings cannot resist their own work in the the currency of relationships is attention the echo technique forces a person to pay attention to you because every word that he has come out of your mouth is directly connected to their emotions there isn't a possibility of mistranslation and the longer they talk and we're connected to you they become yes. The question is would echo technique work on text or email as well it absolutely works in tekken in text and email it works in any it works any place where linguistic communication is being utilized it is amazing you're welcome okay.

You guys ready to learn about crunching dice tape it in the chat. So. I know okay. Cool excellent all right.

So there's really only two questions that you need to understand when you're going to elicit a person's criterion values those two questions are can be type it. I'm going to you know what oh my god how should. I do this you know let me do it let me use my. OneNote new page on a page okay.

What's important about. So. I'm gonna share this for you and. Then we're going to talk about it or is it no.

That's not it they're just okay. Okay. So. So.

First and foremost when we can you guys they'll see the screen okay. So these are the this is question number one is the criteria the emotional bonding question okay. So if someone's coming to you and you know what maybe it might be better off if. I just actually demo this really quick no.

All right. So let's say somebody's coming to you and they're gonna and they want to maybe you sell real estate okay. And. So the.

First thing that you're going to do is you're going to walk up to that person you're gonna say. So pardon me mister mrs. Jones just. So.

I understand you better you know houses are a very big decision they're very they're very important buying a house is important phase in the person's life and. I'm curious about something what's important to you about the perfect house what's important to you about the perfect house right. So let me uh. Alicia can i play with you is it okay.

I've never met you before right. Nice. So would you mind would you mind pretending to be my house buyer okay. So there's two quick when you will get into in just a minute.

But um you gotta set a context you got to know your outcome. So the. First thing understand is that when you're going into of us using us in a sales conference context you got out you got to know that people don't come to you for the house it come to you for what the house gives them and they have in their minds a checklist for what constitutes the perfect house and you need to know what that checklist is because every time they check off a box on that checklist they're going to get a body feeling they're gonna generate a feeling physically or emotional and they're gonna put a label on that feeling. So we ask somebody what's important about the perfect house they may give you one of two things they may give you labels they use to describe the feelings or they may give you the criteria in other words the checklist like it has to have a big yard it has to be near a good school it has to have white picket fences that's a big kitchen.

So there's only two questions that you ever really need to ask to drill down and what you'll notice when. I start to work with. Alisha is as we start to drill down on this criterion values process there's emotions that will come up okay. Because that's how that's how it works.

So. So again we're gonna set the context like my. So my. First goal is to find out what is the perfect house and how does she know.

So the two questions are going to be what's important about and how do you know and what you're going to hear me do throughout this entire process is you're going to hear me echo her words agree with it feed them back to her and ask another question okay. So at least it can ask you a question just. So. I understand you better if you were to think about the perfect house for you yes.

Yeah kitchens have the stone benchtops and a nice spacious lounge room yes. Bassist lounge room a large backyard and the requirement is have had four bedrooms four bedrooms and two bathrooms and a double lock up garage lock up garage knock would lock up garage. I'm curious what's important about a double lock a garage because like. I have a nice car.

So. I want my cattle pack in a safe spot. So it's protected under the sons and they're all weather especially helps lock up garage is they'll requirement no. Lock up.

So if you had that double lock up garage you know that your nice car would be safe and protected from the. Sun and the elements and everything else yes. Okay. You see what just happened this year did you see her facial responses all.

I did was give her her words back to as best as. I can remember. So have you. So.

I'm curious what else what else is important. So let me ask you something and you know what spacious kitchen is for a lot of different reasons if. I were to ask you what's important to you about having that spacious kitchen what would that be for you. I'm sorry.

I cannot hear you clearly. Then just steadies oh you know spacious kitchen people want spacious kitchens for many different reasons yeah and one spacious kitchen with you like for one person. But another spacious kitchen eating not right. For somebody else.

So. I'm curious to you about having that spacious because the room for the guests and the family come over for dinner. So that is the spacious most of the family families getting around. So it's important to me because that's spices area is for my family and my friends to gather around and when you have that that big spacious kitchen with that big spacious area for your guests and your family.

I'm curious what's important on that. So you have the connection and bonding with the family and friends when they have we have time together that is like the area that we build connections with the families and friends that we interact with and that is where like to me is that a bonding area that everyone gathers together around they have egg mules or like a party or a any special occasions that would be a main entertainment area for the family and guests excellent excellent and you know what. I totally agree. I think.

I think family and having a space just for family to connect and bond is one of the most important parts of the house it's just like my wife my wife is. Asian. So. I know that in.

Asian families the kitchen is one of the session all right. Everybody comes together if. I could show you the perfect perfect. I have several houses in mind and we're going to go through the the other process the other things that you might need as we go through this trip.

I wanted my job is to is not to sell you a house my job is to find you the home that you're looking for my own the place that is spacious and gives you that ability to connect and bond with your family and your friends that you can feel safe and comfortable in both for you not just for your car. But for your family as well and and. So as we go through these you know getting to understand you. But.

I know that sounds a little strange. But if. I could find you know. I have this you know.

I would start to show you properties basically and. I would use notice how you guys are you guys seeing what her she does every time. I said words connect and bond well. I just light up nice all.

I'm doing is saying. I'm connecting and bonding. I could literally look. At her and say we're gonna give you a spacious kitchen and a spacious room for your family and your friends.

So you can connect and you can bond. So you see that unconscious head nod yes. How you know you're starting to get it right. I don't need to talk about the big backyard.

I don't need to talk about. I don't need to talk about the walk-up driveway. I don't need to talk about the public schools all. I need to do is drill down on each of these key words until.

I hear words like connection bond those are values you understand and when she hears though she has an emotional response. I don't know if you can see that in the view that you're in and all. I have to do is keep using those words and. Then at some point.

I'll say if. I could show you the place that had those spacious kitchens and that nice green lunch room where you could bond with your friends and that double-lock nice garage you could keep your car safe and protected from the. Sun and the elements and it was in your price range what would that do for you if you can show me all that property. I get the place yeah well that my criteria is meat and what you can show me that is if it in my jacket area.

Then. I consider buying it. So won't be the. Next step that we need to take to find that spacious house.

I have a few ideas if you're ready to look. Mine and. I know that what. I'm not sure which one.

So which one would you like this. I have this this one this one this one which one would you like to see. First which one you think that pick me the most in my theoretical a box say. Adam.

Second one from the top is the one. I think is going to be the best place to start he's got a really spacious kitchen it does have a double lock right. In fact. I think the garage actually has a.

Second floor to it. So you could actually do something with that you have extra space to store things you whatever. So awesome. So we'll start with that one and.

Then we'll work from there right. Awesome oh how did you how did you feel about me and. I don't mean to put you on the spot. But you know how did you feel about me when.

I was giving you your very own words back to you understanding and you acknowledged what my need is and you acknowledge what is important to me and you address what is my concern and you address what my criteria and you acknowledge the most important thing is that you acknowledge what. I really want out of a house yeah this is raising. So many people lose it when we do this. I've taught this to a lot of people.

I've taught this to. Realtors and at this exact moment is when they start going into their pre-canned sales pitch and you can literally see the lights go off you write oh. I didn't talk about anything other than spacious kitchens and a double lock garage and she's ready to go. I could have talked about a large backyard.

I could have talked about four bedrooms. I could have talked about two bathrooms. I could have drilled down to the emotional component behind each one and it would just would have added more fuel to the fire. But what she said guys and gals is the most important thing.

I talked only about what was important to her yes. That actually is room in the garage just to see if it would go the lights would go on or off because sometimes when you deviate from the exact map they've given you they kind of start to lose that was actually a better thing for you because you'd probably like storage okay. So she's ready to buy a house yes. Yes.

Go okay. Cool thank you. Lisa. So you guys yes.

Follow me okay. So there's really only two questions when. I asked her what's important about she gave me a list of criteria in other words she said a big spacious kitchen or bedrooms two bathrooms big backyard double lock garage right. That's a that's the checklist.

So that's how she knows when she's got the perfect house. But that's not the value the value the the benefit though that she's going for there the effect she wants to have is bonding and connection and a space for her family and friends and. So when we drilled down to that price becomes less and less of an issue because it's more of the emotional side of it the emotional fulfillment that we're going for and if you understand that every human being on the planet works this way regardless of how logical or linear or fact oriented they think they are bacteria and values checklist and a set of feelings that having that checklist met activates in you. But when you present to them your job isn't to sell them something your job is to find out what they want to buy that's it you're not selling them because you don't have to sell them you find out what they want to buy if you have the ability to fulfill it you talk about what you have in the words that they've given you and the longer you keep them linked to what they want using their words the more they will tend to do business with you or take the actions that you want by default because not doing it goes against their values okay.

If you deviate from that formulas when you start to get objections you'll start to get people mismatching you or trying to you know do price objections and things like that yeah there's a lot of people who are starting to understand the power of this we call it relationships. I might call it offer psychology your job as a present and again this is also true by the way in relationships when a person talks about what's important to them in the right. Person it's not. But it's not just enough to talk about you've got to embody it.

So if someone says. I want a guy who's you know a lady says. I want a guy who's adventurous who's who's safe and secure you've got it you've got it you can't just talk about it's one thing to talk about it. But you've got to actually take on that person and be the embodiment of that and if for some reason you elicit somebody's criteria or values or checklist and you can't fulfill it and you can't fulfill it.

Then if you're an integrity you've got to let them know that and on the surface you might think that all lose a sale or. I'll lose the date if it doesn't match no. You're saving yourself a hell of a lot of hassle because what will happen is like if you if you tell some if some let's take a business context if you elicit some of these values in criteria and what you have isn't a fit for what you're offering and you tell them that they'll initially be disappointed. But you're there respect me you will be astronomical and what these people tend to do is they will refer people to you hand over fist and when and they will look.

For an opportunity to do business with you again cetera how do you know part is often option right. Because when. I asked what's important about she she gave me the criteria laid off. So.

I didn't ask. I didn't have to ask how do you know okay. And. So you're always gonna find out you're always gonna look.

For the information that's missing. So the best question to start with is what's important about and. Then if you need to go with the how do you know okay. But you got to soften it yeah you got to solve this thing you notice when.

I was working with. Alisha. I was saying like it's just that. I understanding that by the way.

I'm curious that softening is what takes it from a interrogation to a conversation. So you've got us some one of the problems with this comes right. Out of. NLP the problem with it and reason why a lot of people fail at it when they try to use it from it from a neural linguistic perspective is they don't know how to solve it because when you just ask the questions directly it's too invasive.

But if you soften it and you ask the questions properly it will simultaneously deepen report while emotionally bonding that person's desires to your product or service or yourself. So how do you let me see the questions how do you know what is it what is important yeah the clear the most important question is i'ma put it in chat. I wanna say this is the question you want to use okay. What is important about okay.

I could say what's important you about the perfect guy what's important to you about the the ideal lover. I couldn't say what's important to you about the perfect car and here's the thing you understand about criterion values people have criteria and values checklists and emotional labels for everything that they do whether its buying. US buying a stick of bubblegum a house selecting a mate ordering food online or at a restaurant they have emotional desires or bond or lists for everything that they do even if it's stuff they've never even thought about buying there will always be a creating values checklist the guy. I talked.

I told you about earlier the guy who's kind of stealth selling secrets he would spend like every time we came to the criterion value section in in the event he would jump up and down beg to teach and he would find somebody and he would literally sell them in their pen using criteria values most of us don't really think about what's important to us emotionally about a pen and yet he could do that he could do that and it's the same process whether you're selling a four million dollar house or a dollar forty cent package chunga right. You just don't have to work quite as hard for the tack of chewing them. But the process is the same. So again the key question here the key processes are a what's important.

First of all know your uncle seconds what's important about. X whatever buying a house the perfect mate though the ideal car right. If the information they give you is too vague the. Next question you ask is how do you know when they ask you how well you when they answer the how do you know question they're going to give you list of things that you can now drill down on they'll say perfect conversely what's important about the perfect car great gas month great you know it's important for cars to have great gas not.

So just. So. I understand any better what's what's important to you about a car that has great gas mileage well you know it's economical it doesn't docks. I'm gonna cost me too much money to run you know to go from it from home to work everyday.

I'm not gonna go bankrupt taking care of me just. So interesting. But what's really important to you. I know it's gonna sound weird.

But what's really important to you about not going bankrupt going back and forth well money is important security for my family. I need that money to do other things besides going back and forth to work. I'm not working to work you know are you paying to go to work excellent. I'm gonna make sure you find the exact right.

Car with the perfect gas mileage it's gonna be able to get you back and forth to work. So you can spend the minimum amount of money went back and forth work and you can use that extra money to take care of your family and give them the security that they're looking for right. If. I was even remotely vague about how to calibrate how they would calibrate good gas mileage.

I would say well how do you know how do you know when a car's got good good gas mileage they might say well. I know that. I could put $20.00 worth of gas in and it. Last me a week boom now.

I know exactly what to show them do. I start showing them the cars that get 10 miles to the gallon [ __ ] no. Hey. I like when the criteria comes out it's a literal map of show me this talk to me about this make sure it does.

XYZ and don't talk to me about anything else that's literally what the criterion questions about trust me though it doesn't work that way they will always they were always telling they will always have something don't always have something. I haven't found anyone yet now you may have trouble getting it because they don't trust you they don't have rapport with you that's a different issue. But there were always there were always some people they may be a little bit fuzzy at. First maybe because no.

One's ever asked them that which brake there puts you in a whole different category of human being people will often say because they never had anybody treat them this way they'll say you know no. One's ever that's a really great question no. One's ever asked me that before and right. Away boom you framed yourself as being unique and special in your world.

So when you took. The time to want to get to know them and if you're using their words all along it only magnifies what's going on and and says my kids talk to me more now thanks you're very lucky you glad to help what is the best magnet if they say they don't know it was just sharing you just go to echoing you just go to simple echoing. But whatever here's what. I was taught and and.

I found it to be pretty true whatever they tell you is always enough whatever they tell you is always enough as long as you're following the words that came out of their mouth if they give you shadow level criterion values let's say there's three levels two criteria going down to the deepest level of emotion. But they only gave you that. First level that's enough just keep doing it the only variable will be time the more they hear their words coming back to them the more deeply connected and focused on your presentation overcome the deeper the deeper they'll go okay. But don't believe me go out find human beings in their natural habitat or virtually and use it start with echoing their words get your state right.

Use their words ask them a question about something and asking what's important about it or how they know when they've got it that's the fork in the road and you're just gonna cycle between those two questions and when you feel like you've got enough and you start to see a motion on their face or those unconscious head nods start talking to them about those things using their words and link them to what you want them to do we go very very in-depth in killer influence and. CPI. So if you have those videos you can reference those we do have one or two of them floating around on. YouTube.

Then you can access otherwise just grab that webinar package and and you'll get a lot of. So that being said just as a as a review going back to what that whole offer thing is. So once again the killer influence webinar a special offer is a 17 video killer influence home study course it also comes with a 200 page manual valued at twelve hundred ninety seven dollars you'll get the speed attraction rapid attraction secrets program buy it at fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars you get the energy hypnosis speed healing program buy it at ninety seven dollars the stealth selling secrets. CPI extension and expansion nine a two hundred ninety seven dollars you get the anchors in action crash course which i think is really really useful for those of you who need state control on demand and things like that and.

Then you're gonna get the four plus one day killer influence live covert hypnosis certification that $1,997 and you get that free bonus day i talked about which makes it a five day event. But that fifth day will only be for the select few the. First thirty five who actually jump on this this program today and you can do that in one low in stone it's a five thousand two hundred eighty two dollar value you can get it all for one low price of nine ninety seven or three easy payments of three ninety nine and that ticket does not expire you haven't until you lose it. So if you can't make it to us in july.

Next time we can killer influence you can trade that ticket in and come to the front row seat to the live event and get the hands-on training that we are. So famous for we do three times more hands-on training than any other trainer. NLP trainer or participate in the industry that is created that has allowed us to create practitioners who are extremely competent and confident able to hypnotize and do these things anytime anywhere under any circumstances and if that's something that you think might help you. I highly highly invite you to come out and join us that killer influence live event let me go ahead and look.

At what's going on in the chat well. Craig is asking what is the best tack if they say they don't know or is this year. I just said that okay. My kids talking one out yet very cool all right.

Before. I take before. I turn you guys least you guys have any other questions that. I can answer for you can we put that link back in in the chat guys just.

So we for people who are last-minute and do you guys have any other questions that. I can answer for you. Thank. You.

Marie and. I'm again. I apologize for the uh for the uh you'll actually get a call you'll actually get a an email and a call from. Stephanie she'll let you know that you qualify.

Third pillar was actually the there's three magical enough through many questions. But there's three language patterns that we teams that are causing effect complex equivalents and awareness you're welcome mark marks one of our platinum users yes. John we can we can swap out on limited lover for one of them you can swim you can swap it out if you want to if you have speed attraction already. Then unlimited love it would be the.

Next step for you for that. Marek if you have if you want to swap the vents out reach out to. Stephanie directly she's handling all of that we've had a lot of changes coming up in terms of the. Australian scheduling.

So. Stephanie can help you that absolutely alright. I don't see a problem with that reach out to. Stephanie iPhone like.

I should pass and reach out to. Stephanie privately and she'll let you know how to have a new form why do you guys are messaging me prior to the. UNESCO. I thank you for that except you're very welcome brother it's always good to see it.

Francine thank you all right. Let me go back to. Brady. Bunch mode all right.

Well hope you guys had a good time like. I said. I'm here for any questions that you may have. I'll send on for another five or ten minutes.

But if not. Then we'll cut it we'll cut it there will be a replay. I don't know what the quality of the replay will be how many how many of any different platforms we're gonna have to splice together for that. But for those of you did make it on because apparently we more than exceeded zooms 100 participant limit.

So. I could actually say this was a sold-out event see here. I can't recall a time when. I felt totally awesome more shall start that's a very good question.

Cindy and. I ran into this a lot initially when. I was working a lot of trauma patients and one of the things we do in. Toronto work was we have this thing we call the safe place in.

Dutch and. So here's how it works many times people who grew up in a very traumatic childhood never felt safe and. So you don't ask them to remember a time when they felt a certain way you asked them a different question you say if there was a if you could imagine a place a place that was. So.

X. So. Y. So.

Z. So if. I say. I'm doing safety for example you could imagine a place of absolute safety a place that was.

So nurturing and. So nourishing and. So forgiving and. So protecting.

So safe in every conceivable way that no. Negativity of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite can you imagine what a place like that might be like and notice what. I said there imagine what it might be like which means it doesn't have to be right.

And ninety-nine ninety-nine point nine nine percent of the people that. I ask that question to can do that they can't remember a time when they felt safe or when they felt a certain way. But they can imagine what a place like that might be like and. So what you do is when you begin to create that imagined experience you ask yourself do we call cortical activation yes.

Well what might you see in that amazing place what might you hear what might you smell what might you taste and when you're in that place when you see what you've seen you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there's a wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you'll really safe and there's a place in your body where that feeling starts where it grows very spread strong point to where you feel it they're gonna point to where they feel it now if there were a color connected to that feeling what color of colors would that be for you. First impression now you do exactly what we did at the beginning of today's exercise imagine a big ball that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body shift and change and with every breath you take and every beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fiddle the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you make an amazing blanket of safety cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating protecting you from all threats real or imagined at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit everything at most needs and once when you know you've got that breathe that color through your entire being now what's interesting is that when most people there say do this standing especially when they breathe that color through their entire being their posture will go into the safe be the safe posture don't kind of do that automatically. But the color and the breathing will integrate and it will change your state. So that process if you just take the word safety out and you plug in charismatic playful curious it's the exact same mechanism mechanics and you can.

But. I thought playfulness. TVs those feelings will come up breathe it through the body the body's configuration will start to change and you're in the state now you have something you practice does that help causing effect complex equivalence and awareness most powerful hypnotic language pattern that exists besides the echo technique is the awareness language pattern will teach all about that and killer influence you learn two hands backwards and forwards will install that step in you. I'll be coming out of you like water out of the faucet you know you're very welcome y'all thank you.

So much for coming for bearing with us it's been awesome. So this has been an adventure it's been an amazingly eventful day. So. I hope people by the way just go out into the world and echo people and try to get caught and notice what happens don't be surprised oh by the way when you do this on waiters and waitresses people who have to serve you be very respectful because they will connect with you.

So deeply they will forget all the other of the other customers they'll get in trouble. So be be aware of now. But go out and try to get caught and notice what happens instead okay. All right.

You guys rocked let's have that link one. Last time. I hope we maxed out 235. I have no.

Idea how many of you come to see me in. July. But. I hope.

I hope. I hope a bunch of hey you guys did great. God love. God bless we'll talk to you soon.
