Title: IqtDsrl1ijo.txt
Video Id: IqtDsrl1ijo
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IqtDsrl1ijo

Come on in everyone hello. Jeff how are you welcome to our world won't you come on in hey. Steve cool all right. I'm gonna give it a couple of seconds let some people filter in type in your name where you're calling in from and your most important questions about the art and science of.

Chinese face reading holy [ __ ]. RM you did make it and. I'm gonna go ahead and transfer myself from this beautiful picture of me you see with my hand over my heart talking from my heart there's my beautiful wife and. I and.

Finally hold on a. Second oh let's go ahead my striking visit hello welcome to secrets of. Chinese face reading. I'm.

David. Schneider and as you can see. I've got my. Christmas vest on hey from.

Kentucky there's a me if you see me looking off to my. I think this will be your right. No. I'm sorry your left you're gonna notice.

I'm gonna that's because. I'm looking my chat monitor is off to my side here. So it's not like. I'm ignoring you or.

I'm distracted it's just an order for me to be able to focus on everything. I've got multiple monitors going. So today is all about secrets of. Chinese face reading.

But before we jump into the topic for today and and. I want to warn you guys if you were expecting like a a sixty or a 90 minute webinar you may be a bit disappointed because my webinars tend to go to three sometimes even four hours. I've had webinars that got as long as six hours because when. I'm with you when.

I'm out here and and my goal is to to share as much information as. I can in the in the time that we have. So just like with. So many other things in in the realm of.

Chinese face reading my goal is to take you as far as we can and the time we have and point you in the direction of where to go for more if that's something you feel inclined to do if you feel that this this study is for you that being said if this is the scope of everything there is we got time for this. But what you'll find that among the many things that. I've studied in my life face reading right. Along the outside of.

NLP and and. Lily graph analysis and hypnosis have given me some of the biggest most powerful tools to understand myself and to understand other people better and utilize the persuasion and influence skills that. I have to overcome blocks to my success and to really kind of get on my on on going forward with my mission in this life. So that being said for how many of you is this your.

First time on a webinar with me just go ahead and type. First time in the web in the chat and we'll go from there hey. Paul. First time.

Jeff. Chris mr. Schneider. Cornelia oh my goodness we got lots of people today very nice very very nice oh.

I'm excited. So this would be it's important for me to know who's in my audience largely because it depends on your in the teaching profession like. I am repetition is kind of part of the game you got to know and sometimes you can look. At the same thing six or seven times and.

Then all of a sudden something you didn't see before just pops up completely. Oh excellent okay. So you. First timers just keep typing in the chat box if this is not your.

First time if you've been through a webinar with me you've been through some live trainings with me before go ahead and type that in the chat box it's you know returning student or something just something simple. So we know and. I'm doing it for a reason. RM stalks me on.

YouTube very cool. Second time for face reading excellent. AJ. Richard.

Cooper just one before. Victoria returning excellent now there's a reason why. I'm doing it this way it's because. I don't want you to believe anything that.

I tell you although it's useful if you just go out and do what. I tell you because belief is not required. However you'll notice there's quite a few returning students on the webinar there's quite a few returning students who have been either you know one webinar with me or a youtube live with me or they've been to one or two trainings with me if you have questions about things ask these people those of you who've been to my webinars in mice trainings before when you see a question about a training or about a topic that either. I can't get to or you feel might be a little out there and you want to just concur what.

I'm six. I'm gonna tell you some [ __ ] you're not gonna believe point blank. I'm gonna tell you stuff. I'm gonna explain this to you you're just not gonna you're just think that's full that's [ __ ] that can't be that way don't we everything we do is based on experience.

So we want you to have that experience we want you to trust these people who've been through these things how many of you have come to us through through our. YouTube channels okay. AJ says me. Richard okay.

So some of you are are pretty familiar with the content we put out right. My goal here is to give you something you can use to take to give you something you can go out into the world and just put into practice right. Away and let your. So that you want to come back for more to that end at the end of the webinar.

I'm gonna be making some offers. I'm gonna show you some paths you could take if that's okay. So is it okay. If.

I take you as far as. I can and the time we have and. Then point you in that direction of where to go for more type yes. If that's okay.

Okay. And. I'm not sure at what point during the webinar. I will make that offer.

But. I will make it for you some of these things are time dependent and time specific. So you want you might want to stay on until the end of the webinar. However if you can't stay on until the end of the webinar there will be a replay.

I'm told there will be a replay and we apologize the part of the reason we're doing this webinar is because the replay for our. Last webinar disappeared into the ether we don't have any idea we had a technical malfunction and and we couldn't we couldn't save the webinar it was an amazing webinar we went like for hours people were thrilled with what they were learning. But we couldn't make good on that replay. So now we've got multiple quarters running and and.

So we're gonna jump into this topic really really quick. So a couple of other things. First of all if politically incorrect language colorful metaphor swearing or the word boobies offends you this is probably not the best use of the. Next 90 to 120 minutes or.

However long we're gonna be on okay. I try. I goal is never to offend people. But part of the job of being a face reader and as a hypnotist and a neuro-linguistic program is to kind of poke the bear a little bit is to find places where people are sensitive and provokes a response because it's not until you're provoked that you truly understand where you're sticking points are and.

Then you can fix them you know they say they say when it comes to problem solving the. First step in solving any problem is knowing what it is. So if something. I say even an innocuous offhand remark all of a sudden you have this blown out or exaggerated emotional response to what.

I say understand it there's there's probably something going on that needs resolution and using the tools that we have for free on. YouTube we may if we have time depending on how long my voice lasts we may do a little bit of a [ __ ] clearing session at the end of the the event just to give you guys a little extra mojo for your day poke my reptile oh please. Leslie colorful language is why you watch excellent. Tonya you are my kind of person all right.

So that being said now here's the. Next piece this is your webinar now if you look. At the chat box you'll notice that those chat those chat windows are flying by ridiculously fast people are commenting asking questions my goal in this training is to answer as many of those questions. I can and still maintain a cohesive webinar.

So please do type your chat box are your questions about face reading into the chat box and. I'm gonna go through. I have a fairly good idea of where what. I want to start with and.

Then as the questions as. I notice the questions. I'll kind of answer them where it's relevant and we'll just go from there before. I go out to a meeting and rip someone's lungs out.

Jeff. Oh a little werewolf of. London action. Susan you try to test.

Maisie. Evan on that does it work with. Botox you got to watch it with. Botox and here's something.

I'm gonna. I'm gonna get right. Off the bat. I'm gonna.

I'm gonna talk about some general stuff and. Then. I want it. But since the.

Botox question the. Botox question always comes up whenever you take a poison and inject it into your face remember that let me show you a real quick map this is how the. Chinese look. At your face they said.

I can find this real quick hold on a. Second. I got to find what. I'm looking for like.

I said this this is not a. PowerPoint based webinar this is all organic. So let me see if. I can find what.

I'm looking for here. I know it's around no. That's not it [Music] where are you of course. I was looking right.

At it before. I got here she must let's see if that's in there here it is excellent excellent. I'm gonna share my screen for you hold on a. Second okay.

Can you up that's not it that's not it either could you guys see this picture excellent the guy cake you guys can see it this is how the. Chinese look. At your face one of the ways in. Chinese medicine and by the way that's where.

Chinese medicine comes from it comes from it's probably one of the oldest forms of diagnosis in. Chinese medicine it's at least 3,500 years old that we know of. So going back to the whole gum can you guys see okay. Okay.

Excellent. So if you look. At the upper area where right. Above the eyebrows this is where a lot of people get their.

Botox right. In this area here you see all the organs correlations that are in this area. So. I can actually look.

From a. Chinese medical perspective. I can look. At your face and if.

I know what these areas mean. I know in many respects what organs are affected. So if. I inject something here and by the way.

I can also treat your organs if. I stick needles in these areas. I can actually treat your your gallbladder or your liver or your spleen or your pancreas. But when people inject toxins into those areas it freezes the musculature in and around this area well that affects you energetically and.

So people. First of all it will impact your relationships because you'll lose your ability to express emotions effectively one of the things that that that researchers have discovered over and over and over again is that the eyebrow area and that space around the eyebrows is in fact one of the most important areas for social interaction they've done tests with babies and people with know in shaving eyebrows and all kinds of interesting things and what they've discovered is that when this area is frozen or missing it negatively impacts social relationships. So on one level it's gonna impact yes. You're gonna look.

Prettier. But you're going to be basically expressionless it and it can also cause you to as. AJ says it can it can blunt the effect effect is another word for emotion in case you were wondering now today is not necessarily about the the health aspects of. Chinese medicine today is well.

But that brings us to a really good question though do these match meridian points how says in some cases they do in many cases they don't there are various correlations below the surface or internal connections that are going on here energetically that allows us to treat and diagnose the face and that's really what we're talking about when we're talking about face reading we're talking about diagnosis we're talking about diagnosis. But we're - sorry diagnosing in a psychological or a medical sense although in. Chinese medicine we can do that we're diagnosing we can can we actually diagnose well let me type let me type this out for you really really quickly what we can diagnose with. Chinese medicine we can diagnose your health your your.

Constitution and lifestyle we can diagnose we move this down a little bit we diagnose trauma history we can diagnose personality and temperament we can also diagnose in many cases psychopathy and related areas one of the areas and again. I don't want to. I wouldn't necessarily want to to say that all these rates are copy in a negative way. But what we're talking about and we're talking about these areas it's in other words psycho-emotional issues.

So these are the areas that in in the way. I've organized and out this is not how the. Chinese would would organize this can you guys. I'll see this okay.

I know this is a little bit chaotic right. Now it'll all become clear as we move through the process in. Chinese terminology that the. Chinese would call this area.

Jing and your. Jing relates to the the innate. Constitution that you have the traits that you've inherited from your ancestors as well as your fundamental energy in other words how much fuel you have in this life and depending on how you live your life in other words you what kind of a lifestyle that you lead you can positively impact that or you can negatively impact that one of the things that negatively impacts your. Jing level is your trauma history and we can accurately diagnose on the face traumatic events that you've had all the way up from conception right.

Through right. Through about 120 years old as the map on the face okay. Does sound wonky. But you don't have to believe it you just have to play with it okay.

Personality and temperament can be seen by the structures of the face without that whether they're big whether they're small how they relate to another and from this from this if we understand how to match traits and compare them and combine them we can start to learn how to predict behavior in certain situations this becomes extremely useful because now that we know how if somebody's as usually has issues with. Authority based on the size of their brow line the size of their jaw line whether they're bossy based on the size of their cheekbones we can start to sloth these people more effectively into either relationships that are more useful we can we know how to treat them a little bit more appropriately and it allows us to really kind of understand ourselves better psychopathy and related issues go to we could talk about charisma here we can talk about many forms of you have a frida kahlo thing going on do not get in this woman's way. Leslie is a force of nature do not piss her off okay. So are we are we kind of.

So let me just finish the terminology. I don't when. I teach. I try not to use this terminology.

But it's important to understand that there's a direct correlation in in. Chinese medicine the things that relate to your personality and temperament are called. Chi things that relate to your mental health your spiritual or transpersonal psychology we call these things. Shen and.

Shen literally means spirit we're going to talk a lot about that and that becomes extremely useful when we're talking about something called lie-detection when we're talking about charisma when we're talking about addictions you can see these things by learning how to read people's sins and as a face reader. I call. I call a face reading. Chinese vibrational psychotherapy simply because this well the.

Chinese never separated this goes back to an earlier question about can you really separate them the. Chinese never really separated the physical body from the mental and emotional body to them if you had anger issues they were gonna treat your liver for people who do you might one of the term might look. For is excessive anger or frustration. So they're cyclically that way does that make sense okay.

I use the word diagnosed simply because it's something that everybody can readily relate to we're not giving medical diagnoses in this webinar what we're doing is we're assessing and evaluating and from that extrapolating on what a person's personality or temperament might be. Chinese medicine used extensively in the. Orient to in such areas as business and law as well as matchmaking to find somebody who is a more of a proper sexual or romantically compatible mate. So are those things have interest to anybody how to find a more sexually compatible mate or how to lock people into your business life or you know.

I made a joke at my. Last face reading class. I said you know as. I said you're looking at all of you.

I know more things about your private parts and you could possibly want me to know because it's all on your face. Oh. AJ does that does that correlate with what. I taught you.

AJ says the. Last person. I asked that had short eyebrows no. Time for me and what.

I told it what. I said yes. Yes. Chris that is that you can do that yes.

And it works for the ladies too. So sex topics are always important of course the men would say that the ladies would never answer that way right. Right. Okay.

So that being lie detection yep. Oh. Laura you've been using this to tailor your advising to your students excellent perfect. So a lot of you guys are out there using this stuff already that's excellent all right.

So let's let's jump down and really start to focus on when we look. At a printout is everybody clear on the. Jing. Qi and.

Shen you don't really need to understand those terms. But. I want you to understand that the three big areas that we look. At there's there's others.

But these are the big ones that people want to know about are their fundamental energy. Constitution and lifestyle and especially if you're a therapist or a coach you want to look. At somebody's drama history and and the traumas that people have will mark on their face in fact here's where it gets really wonky is if you actually unpack somebody's face and you help them resolve the trauma connected to the wrinkle on their face that wrinkle will actually start to fade and go away and. I didn't believe that.

I was the. First one to call [ __ ]. First time. I went to a face reading seminar with my teacher.

Lily and bridges and. I credit all of this to her although. I'm continuing my studies and building on the things she taught me she's known as the she's she's heralded as the the most prolific and best face reader in the world and. So far from the people.

I've studied. I found that to be true and. I credit everything. I've learned about face reading to her and.

I honor her with this webinar he kavas asking is a face by plastic surgery like a nose job to make the nose smaller here's the rule. I'm gonna answer this one question. ELISA after my. NLP practitioner.

I looked and that's not surprising when you clear trauma it goes away and we'll talk about that well we'll talk about that. But let me let me just kind of jump back to these three things the. Jing. Qi and.

Shen these are the big things that people want to know about when you are working with the face when we talk about. Jing what we're talking about is think of it like solid rocket fuel your body has a certain level of potential or energy that it can utilize and a lot of that is stored in the bony parts of your body okay. I could give you all the correlations. But basically your.

Jing is look. Is connected to your kidneys your kidneys rule your bones and. So anytime you when you remove pieces of bone from your body anytime you're moving removing tangible tactical structural components you change the. Jing of your body and you change how that.

Jing or that energy and that personality is expressed. So. I'll give you a really quick story that. I learned from my my teacher.

Lillian bridges she had a she had a client let me go back to let me go back to face-to-face for you guys and just. So you see these are the different area. So we'll come back to this diagram. Shirley hold on a.

Second. So let me go ahead okay. So one of the stories that my my teacher told me she had a client older woman her son was graduating high school and his son her son was a football prodigy basically this guy was just off the charts good at at his sport and he had this magnet when you saw him he had this massive massive jaw line. I mean it was it was really big he almost looked deformed it was.

So big and and. So. But he was a superstar football athlete in fact he was already being scouted from college to to play in the college leagues don't worry. I'm back.

Cornelia it's okay. All right. And what. So as a graduation gift his mother got him plastic surgery and got his jaw fixed and for some inexplicable reason he suddenly lost his ability to play football and.

So what we see is when we start to modify my screen is black reload rebecca says love that. I must be back because they're seeing my best okay. Okay. So.

I'm sorry about that. So what happened was he completely lost his ability to play football now here's what. I have observed and what. I've noticed and some of this comes from my martial arts training and some of this comes from from what.

I've learned from my teacher because he removed the bone this this jaw when it comes to athletics when it comes to athletics one of the places you want to look. At is the brow bone the thickness of the eyebrows and the size of the jaw the size of the jaw and the and the extension of and the thickness or prominence of the eyebrow bone lends itself to athletic pursuits. So if you if you give you go don't believe me this is what one of my students. TJ did oh yeah like a gorilla like a caveman okay.

When you see that big prominent bone what you see is somebody who is built for athletics and that athleticism can be marathon running it can be weightlifting it can be. MMA it could be you know being a professional soldier mountain climbing you know rescue swimming what about fat and being overweight well that's what we call false. Earth that's almost never a good thing. But the depending on what your character type is or what your body type is being being a little plump is actually a good thing well really to pee it depends the whole body armor thing really depends on if it's what we call false earth or not when you're looking at true earth which is it has a plumpness to it what you're going to see is a smoothness and a glow beneath the skin there's a rosiness to the plumpness and and when you see that it's an indication that the person has what we call money bags or good earth if it looks like it's just like blobs of paper mache that have been pushed on there or they got these jowls that are hanging and things like that and again these are you got to take these are being say.

I'm giving you these out of context. But. I'm just going to give you some basic ideas milady has. So much.

Jing and. I break all my bones. I'm. So jealous and.

So when you see that what you're seeing is we call false earth and false earth is what most people pack on when we talk about the whole emotional body armor thing and our other webinars where people pack on 20 30 40 50 pounds what you're usually seeing is what the. Chinese would call false. Earth there aren't many ivana in what context what about if you do face yoga there aren't many stretch that the muscles of the face work differently than all the other muscles in the body the muscles of the face don't get better by exercising them they get worse you'd actually develop more wrinkles by exercising them false. Earth you have a black screen try reef.

Cindy try refreshing your screen and let me know okay. How we doing. So far there's a question that's what if the dentist pulls a few of his lower a few of my lower teeth well. First of all you're gonna lose.

Jing. First and foremost in depending on which teeth they are. I don't know how that's going to affect you. But anytime you remove bone there's going to be some loss of.

Jing. So you have to be very careful that. I have a chart somewhere. I haven't spent a lot of time on teeth.

But there is actually a chart that. Lilian gave me. I would do everything that you could to to save those teeth. But if you have to get rid of them in order to save the rest of the mouth.

Then you do it you do what your doctor tells you okay. I don't know if it's in her book. AJ. But if you email.

Kelly at. Lotus. Institute comm and ask about it she can probably send you a. PDF or something teeth can fall out with age of disease.

But a lot of it depends on again how you've taken care of them if you have a lot of. Jing and that's one of the things that we look. For one of the things that why. Jing is.

So important if you have a lot of. Jing innate. Constitution and that's what prominent bones generally implies you can go through some of the most horrendous conditions and survive and thrive that doesn't mean if you don't have a lot of. Jing that you're not going to live a long time it comes down to what the.

Chinese call yunxiang which is right. Living in other words it's not about getting more. Shen or more. Jing it's about how do you manage and preserve the.

Jing that you have and you can use. Qi which is freely available for in our environment from our food from our brief from our breath work to buffer and and utilize it and oh. I just went blank hold on a. Second what just happened hold on guys do we just can you guys see me can you guys still hear me all right.

Let me. I don't know you're right. The internet connection is kind of wonky am i back okay. Cool all right.

So a lot of you guys are asking about health and. I think that that's actually cool because usually people want to know about emotions all right. So when we're talking about the face the. First thing that we want to look.

At is we want to divide the the zones of the face now if we're gonna talk about emotions hey. Jonathan if we're gonna talk about emotions why did. I pull up why are we dividing the zones into the face because when you look. At a person's face the.

First thing you want to look. At is which part of their head is larger the reason is is because what the. Chinese through thousands of years of observation have discovered is that when people have a large upper zone here these people are very cotton or data-driven they're very cognitive and. So when you present information to these people you have got to know that they want the facts they want the data they want the spreadsheets they want the charts and all that other good stuff if somebody's middle zone the human zone is larger than the rest you've got someone who's very practical or very pragmatic all right.

Monty is asking how much of a face eating is instinctive as in reptilian instinctive. First impression instinctive a huge amount a huge amount of facial expression goes right. To the reptile brain and some of our influenced classes like specifically in killer influence where we talk about nonverbal influence this is one of the things that. Jason asked does this map to the.

VA kog. I kind of sense that it does somewhat not in the way you think. Jason there is there is a slight correlation. But it's not it's not in this segment beta asses are going to be replay yes.

There will be a replay it's one way or another there will be a replay. So let's look. At and why am i showing you this because when you talk to somebody from a from a business perspective if you're presenting a product or a service if you have if you're have a product or service and you see this large zone lead with your data if you see a larger middle area from the base from the bottom from the top of the eyebrows to the base of the nose you want to lead with practical application in other words what it's going to do for the person does that make sense this person could care more often than not this person could care less about what the charts and the graphs say they want to know how it's gonna help them okay. When you get someone with me move this down here a little bit hold on a.

Second. I got a lot of windows open here from the. Last webinar when you've got someone who's got a more developed lower zone from the base of the nose down to the chin you've got someone who's very intuitive and instinctive for those of you are asking about the reptile brain these people are going to go with their gut more than they're going to go with the data okay. Yeah if you look.

At. Jay. Jay is someone who is and he there's actually another thing that's going on which. I actually used him yes.

Susan. I did do another webinar do the three zones also correlate with the ears there are three zones to the ear. Montee. But they don't correlate to what's going on in the face okay.

If we have time. I'll circle back and we'll talk about the ears eye spacing tells us a lot damn eye spacing tells us how calculative and analytical somebody is how socially open they are versus how socially closed off that they are for those of you who want to start playing with this the normal width between eyes. Is the length of an eye that's an average. So from from from one under the eyeball to the other if you place the.

Hat between the eyes. If it's longer than that they have wide-set eyes. If there is if it's longer if if it's closer than that they have close-set eyes. And yes.

They're there the closer the eyes. The more thick and detail-oriented they tend to be. But what that really means is they're more discriminating they're more analytical. So they're not gonna they're not gonna just be an open book.

To people they're gonna be someone who's gonna think and and they're gonna be very shrewd and how they do things does. I yes. My size tells us the huge amount. AJ you guys wanna know about eyes.

All of a sudden huh we actually okay. Leslie say and. I asked. Emma refers to a gap or space.

But between the teeth. Arnold. Schwarzenegger and. Donna those indicate extra.

Jing if you look. At the the lifestyles that they lead they're very physical and they're still very active even in their 50s 60s and 70s okay. Uh there's a guy. I devoted a whole training.

Jason a whole certification class just to the eyes. In the mouth just. So you know with anybody on that training okay. Paul was yeah okay.

Excellent. I'm gonna do some little product placement here okay. You. I wish well stay tuned we've got some opportunities coming up sandy all right.

So does their we understand the three zones and why they're important. Carl is removed from the upper nose to replace the tip. I'm gonna say it's gonna affect you. But.

I don't know how. I can tell you that removing the bony parts of us that's the fount of the substance parts of us is going to change you well let me close the loop. I opened earlier what. I have not seen is adding well the effect of adding stuff like tattoos or body piercings can change certain faculties we've seen people who've like had their tongue pierced and they're bipolar goes away people who've gotten their their eyebrow a stud through their eyebrow and their they stop being depressed there's an old wives tale that pirates used to pierce their their earlobe and it would actually uh prove their eyesight depending on where they pierced it okay.

Placements again anytime you're removing bone you're removing. Jing this is why if you're gonna get us something like a knee replacement. I recommend it be a. Last resort that's why.

I'm such a big by the way that's why. I'm such a big proponent of stem cells because. I think stem cells actually do the opposite they help the body rebuild itself and. So whenever it's appropriate for the patients we offer here widow's peak can be extra.

Jing what it generally means is they have an extra layer of charisma they tend to be very very charismatic and the. Chinese say if you have a widow's peak you'll you'll if you if you if you're if your spouse passes away you can get find another one very very easily. So you're usually very very popular with members of the opposite sex men the correlate the corollary to that is an. M shaped hair line now here's the here's the thing that you need to watch out when you have that extra charisma.

Captain. Jack. Sparrow what about. Captain.

Jack when you have that extra. Jing and you're very attractive to the other opposite sex it becomes even more important for you to be very good at selecting mates properly and that's one of the problems is when you have those widow's. Peaks you're like a moth to a flame in many cases. But if you don't have good selection criteria if you don't understand how to choose a better mate.

Then you may wind up getting a soak sows purse while you're looking for a sow's or a soak a sow's ear while you're looking for a silk purse does that make sense facial scars and cuts are usually not a good thing although sometimes depending on how the how the scar is running it can affect you in a positive way widow's peak again is an extra level of charisma the. Chinese call it peach luck it can signal an extra reservoir of. Jing and it tends to make you a little bit more charismatic and attractive to the opposite sex this planet like you've been watching my whole life valerie says the nose depending on where it's pierced can can affect the stomach and it can affect the heart and lungs depending on where you've pierced it gels and older people again depends on the kind of gels are they getting false. Earth okay.

The questions are getting a little crazy nostril sight yes. They all yet they means everything means something okay. Nostril size usually relates to how rapidly you you spend money or energy. So if you got big nostrils in a narrow bridge of your nose watch out you spend it faster than you get it actly.

I'm not -. I'm not - up on can't help you with that one brother sir. Snyder's asking perforated septum due to an infection again if it's damage to the. Jing of the body.

Then it's probably going to manifest in in some kind of a loss of something. I want to learn the mate selection criteria okay. Well if we're gonna do that. Then let's look.

At these things from the bottom top now here's the. First thing you want to understand about face reading for mate selection and here you go you ready here's how you sum it up like equals like what that means is when we're looking at someone's facial characteristics if you have one or one of the. Chinese would the. Chinese matchmakers would look.

For a slide from all that astrological crap that they would they would plug in what they were looking for is similarities and facial traits in other words if you had an if you have if the potential mate had a nose very similar to yours or cheekbones very similar to yours the. Chinese would consider that a good sign. I sex drive on the face is usually indicative in the jawline and in the in the eyebrows okay. And in the lips big lips big drive okay.

And full lower lips well we we want full lips all the way around. But if you got that full lower lip this is somebody who really likes their their physical side okay. So let's go ahead and stay on track are we good with the three zone. So we understand why this might be important okay.

See if your if if your date if you're a very knowledge oriented person and the person you're looking at has a very pronounced jaw and you're not very physical is that a good match what do you think no. Not really right. Exactly now when you look. At the face you have to look.

At the big picture you have to look. At not just one or two traits. But how the overall face kind of integrates itself together or works together. So this is important we understand the zones when.

I teach face reading this is what. I study wants to talk about emotions and we we usually go there really really quick. But we need to understand these three zones because when we're interacting with people this tells us how to treat them this tells us what kind of information to lead with what to follow up with and it's the sequence of these that give us the beta to create maximum rapport in minimum time hold on say sandy says nope nope nope. I don't understand the question can two zones be on yes.

In fact they can in fact we want and that rarely happens. But ideally we won't want as symmetrical a face as we can get the. Chinese call a smoothie towards our original face. But by and large there won't be a completely a completely balanced phase one will slightly.

But although the subtle to the the degree of difference may change a lot depending on you know your ability or set your sensitivity ability to calibrate here's here's the thing you won't understand about differences less and. I did just brings me exactly what opposites attract. But seldom stick okay. In my influence classes like killer influence and rapid.

Attraction secrets even in. CPI one of the things that happens is is when you look. At somebody and you interact with them if you've done if you've done the the calibration exercises and trainings and body language reading skills that we teach in killer influence or. CPI or even rapid.

Attraction secrets you can tell exactly how to behave and how to speak to completely match a person's internal map of their ideal mate or their ideal business partner or their ideal coach or whatever here's the problem with that the more you have to change what you do naturally to mate to beget to get in a relationship or to attract someone the longer and harder you're going to have to work to maintain that. So there was a dating coach by the name of. I think her name was. Annie at the time was.

Annie alala who went on. I believe to marry. Evan. Pagan the author of uh although wise known as.

David. DeAngelo who wrote a book. Called double your dating. So two dating coaches got married.

I find that kind of a kind of poetic and what. Annie said and again. I'm attributing it to. Annie it could be somebody else.

But. I'm that's what. I remember relationships that work tend to work from the beginning and that goes exactly to what we're talking about here the more a person's values match the other person the more person's mannerisms match the other person the more powerfully they'll connect and if you get. Lillian's book.

Face reading and. Chinese medicine in the very. First couple of chapters she actually shows you pictures of people and they show she shows pictures of couples who've been together for twenty thirty forty years she go shows you pictures of them right. At the start of their relationship and pictures of them twenty thirty forty years down the line and what you see is that they look.

Alike they actually look. Like and how many people you. I've ever seen who look. Like their pets type that in the chat you ever seen somebody look.

Also they look. Like their pets it's because the face that we see that the body as we understand it isn't solid its energy and whether you whether you believe in that or not. I really don't care. I've seen it over and over and over again and vibration and when talking about energy.

I'm talking about vibrations and vibrations in proximity to each other seek common ground they seek to entrain in some way they seek to become more alike and. So how many people ever seen the metronome videos that. I show in my in my influence classes okay. If you haven't go to go to youtube type in metronome and train it you'll see tables of 2030 video metronomes all side-by-side they all moving at different speeds and within two and a half minutes they all start moving in synchronization that's the effect of two people being in a relationship for 10 20 30 years the more connected they become emotionally the more their body and their facial features and characteristics start to train and train and become similar in some way and that's exactly what the.

Chinese were teaching us in terms of matchmaking and sexual compatibility if you have facial features that are similar the chances of a greater long-term compatibility are better okay. Now if you've got someone who's got a big-ass beak of a nose and somebody's got a little tiny pug nose does that mean they can't they can't be compatible not necessarily what do the odds go up if of them not being compatible possibly there may be other things that resonate with these people right. But in terms of what we understand in terms of the energetics of the face in terms of how they work and how they merge in terms of two people creating a family and moving on these are the things that we look. At okay.

I'm not gonna go too far into it. But here is where we look. At genital size and. So.

I'll leave you guys hanging with that because. I want to move on because. I wanted you to make sure we had that we had these three zones. So let's look.

At this now. I'm gonna oh [ __ ] yeah these are all messed up this is the emotional map of the face. I'm on a. Second.

I got a lot of windows open. So. I apologize alright. So this is what everybody wanted to know about these are the emotions that we look.

At and this is especially important it's harder to kiss what you'll be doing yes. It is yes. It is okay. So can you guys see the the emotional map okay.

Let me close this one out okay. So we're gonna start we're going to do this like a clock face and we're gonna start up here with skepticism and joy. So skepticism can be seen in a wrinkle that contours the outside of the eyebrow. So when you see people with these lines these are people that are not necessarily going to take what you say at face value.

So if you lead with the fact that you're probably not going to believe this or. I know this is gonna sound weird. But you know this is the data that supports what. I'm about to tell you you're gonna be able to to work with that that trait it's a good trait to have because these people don't take these people aren't necessarily gonna buy into what you say or if you have them it's a good self defense against people trying to sell you a you know riverfront or oceanfront property in.

Arizona yeah mostly when you stress ting face some lines will come out only when during the expression of certain emotions by and large. I don't pay as much attention to those immediately. I want to look. At what has been predominantly imprinted on the face and you know a lot of people want to talk about face reading they're talking about they think of what.

Paul. Ekman's work which. I've talked about in other trainings about micro expressions micro expressions are momentary flashes of a mo that a person tries to conceal usually in around the corners of the eyes. In the brow line on the face or on the chin these are at these these come and go in fractions of a.

Second and their attempts at people they're only they're very transitory that's not what we're doing here although. Ekman's work is very very complementary to what we're learning here because what you're looking at in this map is the the result of a lifetime of micro-expressions an emotional life how you've lived your emotional life now we haven't we talked a little bit about. Jing earlier where's my okay. Let me undo that real quick we talked about.

Jing and anytime you see lines that go across like this these are blockages in the what's the. Chinese call the river of life okay. So anytime you have a scar that runs horizontally or of marking it usually indicates a loss of. Jing in that area or a blockage to the flow of energy and that's going to result in either personality characteristics being expressed or not expressed or it may it may actually signal some kind of internal organ issues.

But this isn't important. I mean let me turn this to take this off real quick okay. So this is a good one to have. Logan is asking from st.

Louis in addition to reading our our others how do we work out the line imprints on our own face by studying this map okay. An understanding that the markings that you have our indications of emotions that have not been processed or a series of emotional experiences that have not that have been locked into the body and are causing issues and as we resolve these issues. Then these markings will tend to diminish yes. Y'all kava horizontal scar on the tip of the nose can affect the heart or show heart trouble.

But it doesn't necessary have to affect the physical heart the emotional your emotional expressiveness is also a heart-related issue it's seen in the eyes. We'll talk about if we have time we'll talk a little bit more about the i stuff okay. Leslie says. David.

I had 40 years of sadness grief and loss. But showed no. Signs of these lines it's because. I spent most of the time that time in my head and not my body great question.

Leslie if there's a high degree of dissociation there maybe that may lead to a lack of marking in the face it'll also tend to lead to less effect or motion as a whole being expressed in the face. However. Leslie. I get the impression that you've been working on yourself for a while is that true or not true 20 years of.

NLP that may also be why you're not marking because you're dealing with your [ __ ] okay. And that goes back to the earlier question about how do we work on ourselves you every morning when you get up give yourself you know drinks drink some water you know hydrate yourself really really well give yourself 20 30 40 minutes maybe take your shower and. Then go and look. At your face look.

At where it's marked look. At where the wrinkles and the lines are and you'll get an accurate picture of what's going on in your body you guys remember this picture that's not the picture. I'm looking for a lot of thing. I'll come back to what you guys remember the picture.

I showed you the place okay. So what some of the lines that we like to see are right. At the corner the eye the one o'clock position this is joy these lines travel from the outer canthus and they go up just like. So okay.

So these are the good lines that we want to have now let's jump right. Across to the 11 o'clock position if those joy lines travel up past the eyebrow you're no. Longer dealing with healthy joy what you're dealing with is what we consider pathological joy or mania and hyperactivity we have a president who has who is the poster child for this that's why you drop at 3 o'clock in the morning tweeting right. Not a it's not a comment on his style of leading.

But it is a comment on his health well the replay be full my intention is to make it full jennette crow's-feet yes. Now are we are we good. So far on joy and skepticism cool alright. So let me go ahead and delete these.

So we have a clear picture ups okay. The. Next line we want to look. At starts once again at the the outer campus and this begins to drift down this is sadness okay.

When you see. I see this a lot. I see you know. I see this a lot and self-help people which is kind of interesting to me makes me think that maybe they're they're not living they're not clearing the stuff up they need to clear.

But. I see this a lot clinically. I see this a lot in pretty much everyone people have a lot of had a lot of sadness or a lot of grief or a lot of loss in their life will mark these lines if the if the line starts to travel from the outer canthus down now you're looking at sorrow okay. This is a deeper level of grief or sadness and again this you may see this in times when someone's just lost somebody getting over a breakup usually there's there's more loss here when the internet when the when the line continues to travel down the line continues to travel down now we're looking at grief and many times this is this is a deep level of trauma that has not been resolved either because they they didn't give themself adequate time to process it which is very very common in many of my clients and many of my patients because they said people set an arbitrary time limit on how long the grieving process should take and.

So many and many times they try to try to [ __ ] themselves and they stuff that energy down and it marks their face. So when when you're in those moments of sadness and loss and grief it's very very important to give yourself enough time. So when we unpack those. Then we we can get we can see those lines start to diminish very very quickly tanya is asking does the length of time apply to pain or unshared.

Tears as well yes. I see. I see a lot of unshared tears in kids who had kids who had a rough childhood very very demanding parents parents who didn't give them enough attention or love or positive strokes. I see a lot of that many times and again it can happen because people said in our.

But you know they either are not allowed to cry or they're told big boys don't cry or something like that unsaid tears you're gonna see more often than not. I mean let me mark this with with green in this area here that can also that's a kidney area. So sometimes that can also be adrenal fatigue if you've been working too much staying up too late you're having water metabolism issues this area can get very puffy and discolored. So well and and that can also lead to feelings of sadness or orange shed tears as well.

So when we see a puffy or discolored area between those eyes. Some kind of kidney involvement okay. One of the lines. I want you to pay really really close attention to is this line that runs from the inner canthus and runs parallel to the grief and sorrow lines this line is called a lost love line this is one of the things that we deal with a lot in when we do our golden path training because golden path is is a spiritual process by which a person can uncover their mission or purpose in this life what they actually took.

On a to come and do and what happens many times as we move through the world we encounter events or situations or circumstances where an activity that was fundamental to our sense of identity that brought us joy in the world was taken away from us either by force or by choice the example. I often use and when. I say lost love it doesn't necessarily mean a person although it can be. But many times it's an activity let's say for example when you were a little girl or a little boy and you're 10 15 10 11 12 years old you loved riding horses when you saw a horse when you had a chance to ride a horse your entire being your entire spirit came into your body and radiated out like you know like a beacon and you just loved horses and you wanted to devote your life or big part of your life to spending time with horses and riding and doing whatever it took.

To be with horses and maybe five six seven years. Later you meet a mate or a a partner who absolutely despises horses maybe they were allergic to horses maybe they want to move you across you know they want to move you to a place in the city where there are no. Horses and because you love that person you you you choose or you leave the horsemanship side of things to go with this person that loss that part of yourself that you've left behind or has been taken away from you will mark as a line here. So when you see those markings in people you can know that's some big part of who they were some big part of their golden path that they loved that that made their heart sing that brought them a ridiculous amount of joy was taken away from them in some way either by choice or by you know deliberate acts of other people they no.

Longer have that access to that anymore and part of our job as face readers part of our job as counselors and healers is to remove the blockages that keep you from getting that from that caused you to lose that love in the. First place and help you get it back to find some way to bring that love back into your life. So you can be more fully on your golden path and fulfill your mission in this world. So these lines are very very important when we look.

At people who have lived some you know that bounce from relationship to relationship or from job to job to job you'll see these lines a lot okay. How are we doing. So far are we good or good type in the chat perfect okay. So let's look.

At what we've got. So far we've got skepticism we've got joy we've got sadness we've got sorrow we've got grief we've got lost love another line that's going to be very important for therapists and coaches out there by the way those of you who are interested in mate selection if you see someone with a lot of these lines what should we do run that would you know as as as uncompassionate as it sounds you're probably better off. I'm. Pat yes.

Logan unpacking methods are like the gray room techniques coconut oh and here's my point depending on what your intention is for utilizing face reading and and what your intentions are for this person will determine what you do when you see these markings if you're a therapist if you're a healer if you're a counselor okay. Then these give you an indicator of the kind of life this person has led the kind of events that this person has lived through and it gives you a roadmap to follow in terms of what's most likely to come up when you start unpacking them now the. Chinese had their own way of unpacking these facial markings they would literally force you to talk about. I noticed there's a beautiful you have this beautiful jawline.

But there's this mark that runs right. Down the side of your face that indicates that you've had some loss in your life that there's some sadness that you've been holding on to and what's interesting about when is when a face reader looks at you in that way and starts to talk about that the person who hears it starts to have an emotional response they'll start to actually vibrationally energetically process out that emotion and through talking about it and helping you work through it and reframing it you can resolve that issue and. Then the lines will start to go away now in. Planet.

David we have some very direct very powerful ways to just completely unpack this and resolve it very very quickly okay. So and. So when. I look.

At these things. I. I you know. I can take two very different approaches.

I could say point to where you feel it and. I can resolve it that way or. I can just have a conversation with the person about the markings on their face and they will spontaneously start to in trying to use hypnosis terms have an ab reaction and that. AB reaction will and if we manage that.

AB reaction effectively we can actually help them process out those negative emotions and their lines will start to go away okay. Does that make sense okay. Leslie says. I left my heart in.

San. Francisco and. I have lions in my. Bay.

Area to what degree makeup can can obviously affect certain things. But a good face reader it won't it won't hinder have reaction. Jason can talk to you instantly about. AB reactions all right.

So we're good up through lost love yes. You got clotheslined by a face reader there's a story there waiting happen how old does a person have to be to have all these lines well. I know people who are a hundred years old they don't have all these lines you a person won't have all these lines they'll have the. Chinese have a saying you're never closest to your.

Ridge '''l face is when you're born and by the time you're in your 50s you've got the face you earned. So usually by the time your 40s and 50s the lifestyle you've led is clearly discernible on your face yeah. I've seen. I've seen little children with some of these markings okay.

That being said it's very you got to be very careful when you read children because children are. So impressionable you know you you want to suggest things to children you don't want to tell them you're this way. So. Lillian actually tells us not to read people's fit young children's faces because they're.

So impression and people tent by the way when you engage in a face reading process the person you're reading becomes hyper suggestible to you that's one of the magical aspects are the vibrational aspects of. Chinese face reading. I've had certain things like that happen. I've literally walked up to somebody looked at a notch in their ear said what happened when you were five and the person had such a massive.

AB reaction it took. One of my therapist colleagues like four hours to fix everything because that's the kind of processing that happens. I would have done it myself and. I was in the teaching of class.

So you know we if we if we poke the bear we're not gonna leave you hanging. But understand that there's a very strong therapeutic component to these things and if you if you're one of those special kind of stupid people and you know who you are. Then you're gonna open up some things and you've got to stay with that person you've got to be with that person and hold that space for them and help them process through it anytime. So is this useful okay.

Excellent all right. So let's look. At another line you want to pay attention to anytime you see lines that run diagonally along the bridge of the nose these are what we call disempowerment lines and disempowerment lines are lines that tell us at some point in this person's life somebody crossed a boundary with them and they they stood their ground and they pushed back whether it was verbally physically emotionally and the and they got. So punished or.

So the retaliation for standing their ground was. So extreme that they may resort to appease min other words they they started looking for ways to to mollify or pacify that other person and in that process they disempowered themselves. So. I don't call these disempowerment lines.

I call these appeasement lines because that's more of the behavior this is somebody who tried to stand their ground the pushback from them standing their ground was. So strong that they did they were willing to do anything to make the problem go away and. So they caved in and they did whatever they could to make that person happy okay. So be very very wary what.

I've seen lines. I've seen lines. So deep on people with this that it looks like somebody took. A razor knife or an exacto and literally just they are at the linoleum and just scored the inside of those eyebrows when you see that you may also see this actually again this is not 100 [ __ ] dates take it with a very large grade of salt and people who have been in oppressive religious communities cults and stuff like that you may see those in abusive relationships and childhood abuse with a narcissistic parents you may see these lines sandy says.

So if you don't fight back and just go into appeasement do you get those lines you could yes. That's usually what they're an indication of it's usually not a once and done thing. But if the if the event is traumatic enough it can't mark you that way. But usually it's a series of events that have happened more what if you see sadness lines that are interrupted and.

Then begin again in the grief area. I would treat them as grief there may be a sadness combined with a grief that's how. I would interpret it other other face readers may give you a different interpretation on that okay. So looking at skepticism and looking at joy looking at sadness looking at sorrow looking at grief lost love's disempowerment here's here's your.

First assignment what. David's giving us assignments we actually have to go do work yes. I want you to go out and start looking for people looking at these people right. How does past life trauma manifest past life trauma will often manifest as a line or a wrinkle early on many times what you'll get is generational trauma.

But they'll mark the same way that in this life trauma will mark sir. Snyder says my purpose lines have gone and come and. I never believed it until now right. Yeah we'll talk about purposeful in fact why don't we just go ahead and do that we'll talk about persons of all the markings that we have some of the best lines to have are right.

Here they start at the. Allen. A's eye and they traveled down this way and these are called purpose lines these are these manifests when you're engaged in activities and a lifestyle that is in harmony with the. Daoists call your.

Golden. Path in other words they're in harmony with your purpose or mission for taking on a body and being here. So the more you these are lines you want to have and a lot of you like the. Botox ease out or get facelifts to try and make them go away the.

Chinese saw these markings on your face they would be very happy for you because they would know that you're living the life you were meant to to live. Leslie asked how well do these correlate with. Paul. Ekman seven.

Universal emotions disgust contempt they correlate very well. But again when when we're looking at. Ekman's work you're looking at micro expressions and these are what we're looking at here our law are the long-term effects of those emotions oh macha says oh my god i developed these recently congratulations you're on the right. Path okay.

So these are lines we like to have. But there are other lines that we want to look. At with people and. So let's look.

At this goods go down here to humor humor is often seen by a little line that bisects the lower lip. So if you see someone with a line there they either have a very good sense of humor in terms of being able to tell jokes or as is often the case they understand jokes they enjoy laughing. So this is a good thing to have well. Magen really depends on how fast you've lost the weight okay.

If you've lost like 60 pounds overnight maybe another line that we want to look. At and this is one. I'm gonna you're gonna see a lot of here this is called over nurturing when you see these lines this is somebody who can be a helicopter parent this is somebody who is spending an inordinate amount of time taking care of other people they're giving their doing too much for other people and it's draining them okay. It could be because they're like a showbiz mom or dad and they're just or you know one of those one of those parents who are living vicariously through their kids and they're just giving.

So much of themselves and their energy to the other person or it could be somebody who has a very demanding parent or child and the person is just sucking the life out of them they're just giving and giving and giving and they're not getting anything in return it's a one-way street there is no. A line outside the purpose line unless you're talking about here which is more of a long line one. Second we good. So far exactly now many times when this line shows up you'll also see over a long period of time this line and these are bitterness lines bitterness is anger turned inward not like depression although depression can be part of it bitterness happens when a person is forced into a situation that they see you know people aren't living.

But people aren't keeping their promises they're giving more than they're getting they're proceeding that they're not getting they're not getting what there's a what there's there do. So to speak and they internalize that you see this a lot in cancer patients and it becomes they internalize that bitterness and it goes into their organs and they start to manifest cancers and tumors and things like that okay. So. I often see these and these happening together okay.

But there's a lot of it starts as resentment and disappointment you know the if you will look. At if this is how. I look. At the etiology of this it starts as over nurturing and there and people oftentimes when they they start to nurture there's an expectation either spoken or not that the person they're nurturing is going to return or show gratitude in some way and over a period of time that doesn't happen and.

So they start to become very resentful and that resentment often translates into bitterness at some point they realize that no. Matter how much they give it's never the amount they give is never going to come back they get begin to internalize those feelings and it turns into bitterness does that make sense there's also disappointment and that's what we're gonna talk about. Next disappointment is seen at the corner um let me let me erase some of this. So you can see disappointment if you fall if you find the corner of the mouth let me make this bigger or not hold on a.

Second okay. Now let me clarify if we're gonna talk about you're gonna see people in the world that have these lines this is a wrinkle okay. Let's be very clear this disappointment line is a wrinkle that extends from the corner of the mouth down it should not be confused with a what we call a downturned mouth okay. When we're talking about disappointment it's a wrinkle when the mouth turned down you're looking at somebody who has a little bit more disappointment or not.

But a little bit more of a pessimistic view of the world and depending on the size of their mouth there can be other things that are going along with that. But as a rule if it's a wrinkle and it's going down you're looking at people who've experienced a lot of disappointment in their life people who've made a lot of promises and didn't keep them people who've tried to you know go for the brass ring in some way and didn't get it and and it marks them it marks them with that wrinkle at the corner of the mouth. Peters asking what about the straight horizontal line at the corner of the eye a straight horizontal line. I have never seen.

I've rarely seen one usually when you when you have a line at the corner of the eye is it when we look. At the eye on. I don't know if. I can do this very very well here if we take a week if we move right.

Across the line of the pupils if the line even if it's straight if it's above that that can't decline it will classify it as joy if it's below it will classify it as sadness. I haven't seen that many. So. I got to be honest.

I don't actually know. I don't know if we would rate. I don't know if it's different and it's certainly not in any of the books that. I have well the question becomes.

Susan. So. Susan asks how does that all this relate to smokers who have always have lots of lines well. First of all smoking is toxin which damages your.

Jing the. Second reason is very few people smoke for no. Reason most people smoke as a way to relax either mentally or physically they look. At it as a way to break their state.

So usually what you're gonna see in people who smoke they may have these lines and the smoking is the way that they deal with it with the emotional ramifications of these lines. So there's in that case it's a coping mechanism and of course breathing you know toxins in your body doesn't help either wrinkles no. Steven. Park glasses wrinkles and lines passing through lung territory could be indicative of cancer usually it has to be something a little bit more pronounced than just a wrinkle what you when you see cancer you're gonna see discolorations of the skin one of the things that we look.

For let me go back to oh. I'll just pull this up real quick see if. I can find it for you here it is see. I have all these notes from our previous training.

I'm just pulling them out as. I need them oops when you look. At a face there's a bunch of colors you can see okay. White energies or white spots is on the face show places where a person's energy has been frozen red indicates inflammation or toxified trauma heat or inflammation dannis is some kind of a fluid accumulation and purple green means that there's stuck energy.

So usually the. Chinese call tumors or cancers blood stagnation blood stagnation is always a combination of purplish green and usually heat. So if you're done if and again if they have these colorations it doesn't mean they have cancer yet. But it does mean that there's something going on and it probably needs to be looked at from a.

Chinese medical diagnostic perspective and there will be psycho emotional ramifications of that. Brown discolorations are usually pretty close to purple or green. So. I would consider those blood stagnation of some kind it could also be yellow which is also fun no.

Problem. So if there are lines the sign of unresolved emotions or traumas in many cases yes. In many cases yes. Sandy any.

Lalla facts for good notes to have okay. Purple eyelids same idea go back to your colors purple equals what stagnation right. The color the colorations themselves are pretty consistent. So once you understand the coloration aspect and you look.

At the facial location and you go back let me see if. I can pull this up again real quick no. That's not working. I don't you go back to our facial map we show the lung the kidney that spleen the pancreas you can start to get a pretty good idea of what's going on in the body okay.

Well as. Street as a rule. Chinese medicine has a much better early warning system inherent in it than allopathic medicine. Chinese medicine is capable of detecting patterns of potential illness long before they manifest as a confirmed pathology on a.

Western diagnostic test and. So that's why it's very important to understand the pattern recognition aspect of. Chinese medicine your body is always communicating if your body doesn't speak. English it doesn't speak.

Chinese it doesn't speak. Latvian it doesn't speak. Spanish or outer. Mongolian it speaks in the language of symptom ology it speaks in the language of metaphor and sensation and coloration and once you understand how to read that map.

Then you can interpret what the body is trying to tell you this goes back to in our in our other classes we talk about pointing to where you feel it and and and this that and really being able to extrapolate what emotions are locked there no. I haven't covered that yet you guys want me to you want me to we'll cover that in a minute. But it's not if it doesn't become nearly as relevant until you understand these. Mounties markings.

So are we good with skepticism through purpose yes. Or no. Okay. Your goal your assignment by the way is to go out and look.

At people and talk to them about these lines now don't walk up to and say you had a lot of grief in your life haven't yet not a good approach okay. You might say something like hey. I know what you have a beautiful jawline. I love how your jaw is just.

So strong and. I notice you have some markers. I just took. A face reading class and.

So people's faces are really jumping out at me and. I noticed that you have a line that runs down the side of your face and that tells us that sometimes people experienced a loss or grief that they've been holding on to they haven't quite gotten over yet and and. I was wondering is is that true you know and you'll see it in their face before they speak we'll see about that about printouts and stuff like that okay. But you want to be very compelling when you start talking about emotions on people's faces.

I'm giving you these things as a way to interpret and understand yourself as well as to learn how to be more compassionate with other people you know in our influence classes we're going to we're going to show you step-by-step how to work with these markings in these cues. So that you can help people become the best version of themself and to get them to voluntarily and joyfully do what you want them to do there's a lot of power here. But you have to be respectful of the power that you have people are going to become very very suggestible to you when you start doing this okay. Actually there are certain genetic genetic in.

TCM gua sha remove these lines and from the notional package there are facelift applications that use a lot of gua sha. I see it in a lot of the time massage places that are using aesthetic massage and things like that there is facial acupuncture which can simultaneously modify the face as well as precise process out emotions. Sandi's like oh yeah that's what. I'm here for let's get to controlling people well remember anytime you can peel back a person's emotional masks they become open to your influence.

So what are you seeing here you're seeing their emotional masks aren't you and you can peel back the things that are going on okay. Vertical line on cheek not near the mouth it could be a dimple could be it could be a sign of. Jing deficiency in the lung area powerful. Jerry curious.

I have a co-worker that has cancer what part of her face should. I look. At ask depends on where the cancer is the cancer will manifest in the body location that is core that correlates to the anatomical location what about facial paralysis the. Chinese call that wind in in.

Chinese medicine and it's usually an indication of liver issues or stroke compassion is at the core of everything. I do. But. I like to call what we do intelligent and tactical compassion the.

Buddhists used to say there's there's two kinds of compassion there's stupid compassion and intelligent compassion stupid compassion is you see a beggar on the street and you hand him some money the. Buddhist would call that stupid compassion why because you haven't done anything to change that person's life you've just enabled them yes. They can eat for a day. But tomorrow they'll be back an hour from now they'll be back begging on the street intelligent compassion is taking a different approach and finding a way to get somebody to empower themselves and leave them empowered as a result of having met you and.

So many times the intelligent compassionate way is constant sometimes be a bit of a [ __ ] and. I say that with with true compassion. But there are people out there who will take the power inherent in these in this system and they'll use it selfishly and. I can't control that.

But karma is a [ __ ] and. I have her phone number. So be very wary of that okay. But there's no.

Need if you're following the systems that we teach in the protocols that we espouse there's never any any need to be evil there's no. Need to lie or cheat or steal you can move through the world and be a factor for good and get everything you want and you can get on your path is there a way to tell from the face that a person is an a-hole with a tongue in cheek. I'm going to say no. Because everybody had can have [ __ ] traits its how they manifest and when they use them that that is important you can see people who have a higher [ __ ] quotient in them by looking at their jaw lines their cheekbones and their.

Chin's really okay. Go back. Richard go back and look. At my head movements as.

I'm saying that okay. Okay. So we haven't fun. So far is this is this useful dimples are usually a sign of extra fire and extra.

Jing. So that usually makes you a little bit more playful more charismatic. Cupid's bow is my favorite tool for that loving it fun and big fun and respecting okay. Very cool all right.

So here's what. I'm gonna do. I'm gonna. I'm gonna finish a few more and how many of you would like to take this even further yes.

Sir yes. You guys dressed in some great questions cool. So if it's okay. With you.

I'm gonna go. I'm gonna do a couple more a couple more traits and. Then. I'm gonna jump to some things we've got coming up.

I'll explain them to you. I'll give you a chance to to think about what's best for you is. Dallas still have room. I believe we have about seven seats left.

Laura. But we haven't started promoting it hard yet and they always fill up at the. Last minute. So if you're serious about it by all means consider coming in and what.

Laura's talking about by. I'll just jump to it real quick what. Laura's talking about you may have heard me mention this thing called the golden path where is it okay. There we go and what the golden path is is this a wave you know how many how many how many of you have ever said this how many of you have ever whether by yourself or with a coach or a therapist or just in the in a quiet of your house why am.

I here for what. I. I know in my heart. I was.

I was. I came here to do something important. I came here there's a reason for the things in my life. I just gotta find out what it is how many of you ever had that experience maybe you had clients who've had that experience what's my purpose for being here right.

The. Daoists had a word for that they called it your mandate from heaven and what they meant was that every human being who takes on a body every human being who takes on a body came comes in with a mission to fulfill and a set of traits and qualities and attributes that are designed to help them facilitate that and. So the. Taoist say you you're the face you have before you take on a body is called your original face and the actual calligraphy for.

Taoism the ancient symbol of. Taoism is actually a face running on a path that's literally what the. Dao means a face running on a path and. So what they said is when you come into this world you're never as close to your original face as you'll ever be and your mission in this life is to get on your golden path.

So you can return to your original face means you move from you. I'm okay. Thanks for this. Rob rob is asking.

David please define translate comes in with a body. I am gonna go out on a limb here and and extrapolate that the vast majority of us believe that we are more than our physical body would that be true or not true real quick okay. That aspect of yourself that existed before you took. On a body is known as your original face or your true self your.

Divine self and you take on to come in you come into this life and you take on a body to fulfill a purpose now that non-local non-physical part of you the. Chinese call. Shen. Shen literally means spirit and it comes into your body in it and it houses in the heart and.

Then it disseminates energies to all the other organs and that's why you have different types of spirits that reside in the body and they also through the eyes. So your spiritual mission or your mandate from heaven the mission you decided you are going to fulfill with the body you currently have is called your mandate from heaven the the process of fulfilling that mandate from heaven is called the golden path and what happens to you. I'll chemically when you get on that path is your body starts to become younger you start to have more successes in your life serendipitous events start to manifest more quickly for you and that's what most people are feeling in this life as they come in and they have this event happen and they have that experience happen and they're. Then there and they're asking themselves what is all this mean what is this all for and the.

Taoist said that mission that mandate from heaven and the qualities and the characteristics and the attributes that you have to bring are on your face they're marked in the structures and the configurations of your face your. Shen your spirit that divine aspect of yourself is larger than your body and. So what happens is when the body is happy when the body is experiencing joy and passion and freedom more of your spear comes into the body and because. I are you guys familiar with the term naked are an entropy you guys from it with that term and if you're not.

I'll explain entropy is in other word of way of saying chaos of something that is very organized becoming disorganized well your shin or your spirit is the opposite of that it's negative entropy in other words the more of your spirit that comes into your body the healthier your body becomes and the longer you live. But through trauma negative events negative emotions losses being you know buying into other people's beliefs this is about what makes us happy instead of following our own internal guidance we deviate from our path we deviate deviate away from the things that actually bring us joy and the body becomes less positive and. So less and less of the. Spirit is willing to come in you see this a lot.

Chenin. Kundalini are have a lot in common. But there's a little bit more to it than that and without getting off on too many tangents. Anyway the whole idea is when you're shedding you've all had these experiences have you ever seen somebody who's like down in the dumps or just you know basically neutral and all of a sudden they get to do something that they've.

Lewton they always love to do and their whole face this lightens up and beans and radiates energy have you ever seen that yes. Sir if you've seen that what you have seen is the person's spirit entering their body conversely many of you who are coaches or therapists you've seen people whose eyes. Are flat they're their faces are dull these are people who have dissociated or dis identified from their body their spirit isn't there nobody's home your job as a face reader therapeutically or on your golden path is to bring that spirit back into the body to get your get the person back to the activities and the qualities and the characteristics and the attributes that they came in to use and as a byproduct of that the. Shen comes into the body the body gets healthier their luck improves everything gets better it doesn't mean they won't have tough spots all the life experiences that they've had are useful and that's the.

Golden. Path okay. And it brings you back to your original face and you'll get these really cool purpose lines your body to get younger and you live longer. So.

I think it was. Leslie was asked. I was was it. Leslie or.

Lisa. Anyway. Leslie was asking about if there were seats left in. Dallas on descent on.

March 27th through the 29th we are hosting a limited limited engagement. Golden. Path workshop in. Dallas.

Texas you can go to nice if. I can cut and paste this link in the chat box for you guys here's the page. I don't want to spend too much time on it cuz that was not really where. I wanted to go.

But since they brought it up. I've decided to talk about it. So as face readers what we are is. Shen chasers our job whether as a compassionate therapist or.

I call it compassionate provocation is to poke the bear of a pair of our clients have them process their stuff. So more. Shen comes into the body okay. Does that make sense that's how we heal people from a face-reading perspective now we can do that with our hypnotherapy too as well okay.

Sandy what don't you get okay. Cool allora thank you all right. So. So let me go ahead and and talk about a few more lines that.

I think are really cool if you're one of those people who has these little wrinkles. I don't know if you can see my face do. I have them little lines right. In front of your head here right.

In front of your ear these are called auditory intuition lines can i sama ask me please tell me more about healing the face what specifically about healing a face some oh how does poking the bear compared to poking the lizard well. I guess it really depends on what you mean by lizard. Susan if people who have these lines have what we call auditory intuition and what that usually indicates is somebody who grew up in a very not always safe environment in other words the people the person around them had to ask or how to constantly pay attention to how they talk to people how to read between the lines and listen between the lines of the people. So they didn't inadvertently say the wrong thing they became very very hyper vigilant in terms of listening to how people speak they have very good [ __ ] detectors you see this a lot in lawyers therapists con artists.

Logan asked when ears are connected at the lobes indicates something yes. It's strong connection positive or negative to family the immediate family yes. Susan if someone grew up in like an alcoholic family and the person had to watch what they said at any given moment and be able to kind of read people by how they spoke or the tonality that they used they'll tend to develop these lines they've had very good [ __ ] detectors well a good listener is usually indicated by how far the ears let me show you this. But how far the ears stick out from the from the face if they're very flat the person that can hear a lot of stuff and be very open and egalitarian the more the ears kind of flare out the more selective the listener is.

So you got to look. For that okay. It's again you notice how all these things when you start to combine them you can start to extrapolate right. So people and on a health issue people who have people who have these lines they also tend on on it from a health perspective they also tend to run a little bit towards dehydration.

So be very very wary that you state you drink enough water if you have those lines okay. Another another health line that we want to talk about and. I have these two. So you can see them very very well on me if you have if you look.

At the earlobe and if let me let me draw this for you see if. I can draw this for you okay. So you have an earlobe and if you look. At the ear level you see these little lines or wrinkles right.

In the lobe of the ear this tends to indicate blood pressure irregularities now people with this with this might. I have them. So. I know them very well.

Tanya there's a significance to everything whether. I know the significance or not is a different issue usually if you've unpacked what's behind the line the line begins to fade and go away. But this is something you want to watch out for because this person can have high blood pressure they could have low blood pressure they could have erratic blood pressure and what this also tends to indicate is that these people have attended a little bit of a neurological overreaction to things somebody jumps out at them and the average person would have like a seven startled response this person might jump right. To a nine and.

So emotional issues or emotional stuff can be can cause them to have nosebleeds when they get stressed or their blood pressure you know those kinds of things. So when you see that you really want to have that person pay attention to their cardiovascular system and their cardiovascular health a little bit okay. Okay. So if that's okay.

I'd like to tell you what. I've got for you you guys for staying on for the webinar and. Then we'll come back to some more stuff is that okay. Okay.

So many of you know that when. I when. I put programs together. I try to figure out.

I try to figure out what's gonna give the biggest bang for your buck and people always ask me they always ask me. David. I see there's a video course on this that or the other thing on my web on your website and there's also a live training schedule the month at a month from now which do you think is better for me and without hesitation without fail. I always say come to the live events.

First because at the live events you literally have me looking over your shoulder installing these things in you making sure you can do the work and. Then you take the videos and you go and you learn from the videos as a study guide. So if you. So for based on what.

I'm teaching you this is what. I put together for you okay. I put together a few packages that. I think people really like and you can tell me which one do you like best and go from there.

So here's what we've got this is this is a really cool package we put together this is called the know thyself package and the way this works is this is our secrets of face reading home study course it's a nine hundred ninety seven dollar value and you'll get everything that we've talked about plus a whole lot more stuff in fact in this one. I actually teach very specific exercises for unpacking the the mark using the face you're also going to get our identity by design hypnotherapy sort of vacation course this is a program that will actually works in harmony with with this course that allows you to systematically remove negativity from people's past it allows you to reprogram their future to remove the voices in their head that are constantly criticizing them it allows you to systematically install the traits qualities characteristics and attributes of people that you admire and install them in yourself it also allows you we also help you we're gonna include our lie to me if you dare this is how to catch. Liars this is a course that we created for some reason this is getting very wonky. I've never got a little long with with.

OneNote. But. Anyway lie to me if you dare is a is that happening is our course that we do it's it's got these got the. Hansen 15 which are 15 traits for catching large that teaches you the basics of kinetic interview and interrogation and how to spot people who are fibbing to you in.

Chinese and. Chinese face reading we actually have a in our. Shen course we actually show you how to catch. Liars by the.

Shen fluctuation to the light in their eyes. Changes as well as their facial expressions change. So you can read a person. Shen and know when they're lying okay.

We're also going to conclude because. Chinese face reading is a vibrational or an energetic phenomena we're gonna include our vibrational healing system this is our complete. Advanced. Course on vibrational healing it teaches you everything from how to use the.

Bankston method and image cycling to how to remote view remote influence and remote heal and we're also gonna and it's a fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value and you actually need this to use this. So there's actually a a continuum that we put with this that allows us to rub repeatedly give you the biggest bang for your buck we're also going to include arch our training on body language and nonverbal communication it's called people reading for fun and profit and this is going to talk about posture for eventual orientation large stances versus closed stances we're going to talk about pupil dilation how to tell people like you how intimate people are. I believe this also goes through the seven body language stages of mating. So be we're asking about sex and dating and attraction what we include in in the people reading for fun and profit series is a snapshot into what we call the mating dance which are the seven discreet body language phases that people go through when they're moving from stranger to intimacy.

I like to call it the one plus one equals three scenario. So you'll be able to know to look. At any couple at any given moment and know exactly what phase of the process they're in and if you're engaged in these processes as a male or female or whatever you'll know exactly what to do at what given moment there's seven discreet body language phases in that process it doesn't matter if you're in one. New.

Guinea or you're in you know. Australia or. Scandinavia these universal body language phases are universal just like you know. Beckman's face-reading are micro expressions were fairly.

Universal based on his studies these positions are very very powerful in terms of speed reading dynamic relationships and people moving towards intimacy what's the best course to keep the intimacy in a 20-year marriage that one is actually going to be course. B. But. I'll get to that in just a moment okay.

It's a $997 value if you were to go to the website and buy each of these this is what you would have to pay actually we've raised the price. So it's actually more than this and when. I recommend for people we're gonna we have a. VIP ticket offer that we we're going to talk about in a minute and it also comes with a.

VIP ticket. I recommend taking our golden work path workshop in. Dallas. So not only will you get the three-day training where will literally walk you through all the stages of your life and interpret your face at each level of your life we'll help you unpack your qualities or characteristics your traits your attributes that you've inherited from your mother and your father's lineage will help you to isolate and remove the blocks to your success all in a three-day period you get that in conjunction to all these amazing videos that you get to take home we do not release videos of the.

Golden. Path by the way and one of the reasons for that is is because there's privacy issues each person that comes to. Golden. Path is going to get a personal reading from me as part of their workshop and.

So because there's a lot of personal stuff that's brought out in those. Golden. Path workshops while we do record them we never release them. So if you were looking for some face time with me for any reason you want to find out what your mission in this life is where you were on track where you were off and how to remove the blocks to success and get back on that path this is probably the best package for you it's a two hundred twenty nine to twenty two hundred fifty dollar value if you were to add all this up it actually the total package price for this exceeds seven thousand thirty-five dollars now for those of you who have a bigger interest in love or attraction applications we have a slightly different package that recommend for you was that was that know yourself package useful is that interesting yes.

Or yes. Does. VIP yes. It does shame fact let me let me explain the.

VIP tickets for you really quick okay. If we scroll down here real quick for anybody who jumps on one of our packages we're going to include as an extra bonus a. VIP ticket these prices need to be change because we've raised them and what this is is if you if you drive anywhere these packages you can get a. VIP ticket to our.

Golden. Path workshop you or you can get a. VIP ticket to killer influence and the. Next one will be.

July see. I have an update all this stuff totally organic. July 2020 we have an identity by design class coming up. Next month we also have one in.

Brisbane. Australia and. Las. Vegas you can use your.

VIP ticket for any of those okay. So yeah here and here you see it any any any training in our 2020 calendar do you travel to. Canada. I'll be in.

Canada in. October ger in. Toronto in fact for those of you are interested. Washington.

DC ven is identity by design we have like four white identity by designs this year would it be useful for me to go through our catalog before. I go through the offers what would you want what do you want to go through. First in terms of offers and do you want the calendar. First or do you want that really offers because basically anything in our calendar you can use your.

VIP ticket for with very few exceptions offers in calendar okay. That sounds like a plan. So let's look. At the speed reading people for love sex and romance.

I like this course. But it's it has a very a very intimate application. So it's going to start once again with our secrets of face reading home study course and this is once again how do look. At people's faces look.

At their shapes look. At their contours look. At their wrinkles look. At their trauma history and extrapolate from them how who's gonna be compatible for you you're gonna see you're gonna be able to find their trauma issues you're gonna find if they're headstrong stubborn good with money bad with money whether there have a good future ahead of them those kinds of things are all gonna be you're also gonna learn very powerful tools for helping them clear their [ __ ] actually you should be focusing on clearing your [ __ ] not clearing other people your your loved ones [ __ ] if you're already in a relationship with somebody and you want to clear their [ __ ] that's one thing.

But if you're looking for a mate and they've already got lots of [ __ ] unless you want to be pigeonholed into the role of a therapist you might want to reconsider moving forward with that relationship dan is there a live event teaching remote influence drawing customers from the universe that would be vibrational influenced and that would be vibrational influence okay. And we're gonna include in this package secrets of face reading home study course $997 value we're going to include people reading for fun and profit it's a four hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna include our speed attraction course which might my complete from stranger to intimacy how to do it in real in the real world to to custom design and the relationships that you want it's fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value we're gonna include a special version a co-ed class. I did call real-world romance where we unpack a lot of the romantic strategies for men and women we're gonna also include our unlimited lover process which is my particular system for creating intense sensual sexual intimate ongoing ever-increasing pleasure in a sexual relationship it's designed to teach you how to be your partner's ideal lover from the moment you're together or even if you've been together 20 years and feed them back their own internal love map and build on that. So that every time you make love to that person they become even more fulfilled each time you make love it'll be better than the time before because it literally takes you teaches you the physical techniques to do that the psychology behind it and specific ways to leverage the natural energetic trance.

States in lovemaking. So that people become empowered sensually and sexually both in terms of like we had one lady who volunteered to be our assistant for the class at the end of the class she looked at the entire class and with the biggest smile on her face said. I don't need men anymore because not only did she learn how to tap into her own pleasure responses she developed control over them and she could literally give them give control of that ability to please her and satisfy her to anyone she wanted who proved worthy and take it back at any given moment she learned how to utilize her own ongoing trance. State and sensual trance.

States to program her own mind for increasing success in other areas. So it was very empowering experience for and said limited lover teaches you how to be that okay. Killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis is for anybody who wants to influence people in any context. But it teaches you more than just languaging it teaches you the nonverbal physical things that you can do yeah mine might pull on a.

Second let me see what what went on here the end of the class okay. So if you look. At everything that we're offering in the love sex and romance care to go we're also teach again once again because you know men and women lie in romance relationships we're gonna include the the lie to me if you dare course okay. How to catch.

Liars in the art of deception detection. So if you look. At everything in the love sex in. Romance.

Package you get the secrets of face reading home study course fight at nine hundred ninety seven dollars people reading for fun and profit by it at four hundred and ninety seven dollars speed attraction rapid. Attraction secrets for mating dating and relating is fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value real world romance which is a powerful co-ed course that we taught unlimited lover which teaches you how to be any human beings ideal lover the. First time you're together and. Then takes you beyond it okay.

Really powerful. I've only taught this that course twice in my life. I doubt. I'll ever teach it again because.

I really really pulled back the curtain on some high-level sensual energetics and lovemaking technologies. So if you're really serious about putting the spark back in a relationship speed attraction and unlimited lover will be the courses that do it for you okay. And. Finally killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis which is a nine hundred ninety seven dollar value well you have to wear vests are optional.

But if you are vest. I will give you a three hundred dollar gift certificate towards any product on my website just for wearing a vest. But you gotta wear it the entire training okay. And.

Finally we're going to conclude with lie to me if you dare how'd it catch flyers in the art of deception detection believe it or not when you look. At our. YouTube channel the most popular video on our. YouTube channel is how to catch.

Liars. So you know what we're gonna do some special stuff just on lie detection at our. Next face reading certification as well. So what do you think of that package does you think it's a for those of you who are interested in essential applications is that you think that would be useful yes.

Or yes. Yeah if you were to try to buy each of these courses on the website you would you'd be looking at in excess of holo. Second 482 bucks and. Finally for those you have more of a business application like your personal injury attorneys mediators consultants analysts right.

This is our business face to face face reading for strategic leadership and influence package these are these things are also believe it or not very very applicable to dating and romance. But this is more for the nuts and bolts applications outside of it we're gonna start once again with the secrets of face reading home study course which is 997 dollars we are people reading for fun and profit valued at 400 wait a minute 497 dollars we're gonna include the stealth. CPI level 1 class which is what we'll be teaching up in. Toronto in.

October live and in person. So if you're if you're interested in getting this course and you're eligible for the. VIP ticket you might want to use that. VIP ticket to jump into the.

Toronto training. But we also have other trainings coming up and. I'll go over those after we we go through the packages and some of the bone the. VIP tickets we're gonna include in that very special program called stealth selling secrets stealth selling secrets is all about frame control and what we call criteria and values elicitation in this course we literally had a guy.

I tell this story a lot he did not believe anything we were teaching he came in he was the biggest skeptic on the planet he was in pharmaceutical sales of all things and. I'll preface what. I'm about to say what's the he had the worst outsourcing luck of anybody. I'd ever met.

But he came in and he battled us on every single point we were teaching and when you watched this video what you'll see is we literally use the techniques that were teaching to beat him into philosophical submission by the end of the training he was like ok. I get it it works and what's interesting is he took. The training from. Stealth selling secrets he took.

It back to his job and he started his sales started to just magnify unfortunately for him in conjunction with his sales going up the company was going through some kind of a reorganization. I'm not sure if they were going through a bankruptcy if they were being acquired by another company. But he was like the low man on the totem poll and he got bounced he just got got laid off he used the techniques in stealth selling secrets to get hired like in two weeks ago hired by another company and he started climbing up the ranks again and again we have to work on this guy sorting criteria because once again like a couple of months in the company went through and read a reorganization he got bounced again and he got another job again in two weeks he became such an advocate for the power of the it's called the interview crusher that you learn in stealth selling sheet he became such an advocate for this process that when he came back to subsequent trainings every time we got to the point where we were gonna teach this particular technique how many you guys remember a television show called. Welcome.

Back. Kotter back in the 70s you guys are probably too young to remember those. But there was a show called. Welcome.

Back. Kotter remember guy remember that character horshack anytime they the teacher asked a question anyone he had the answer we go oh that was this guy every time we got to the point where we were gonna teach criteria and values elicitation how it works for controlling frames he'd be all over the place and he would beg he would beg to get up in front of the audience and teach this and he would literally sell people their own pens you know just to prove how powerful it was right. He became well you can go back and find the reruns he became and he became such an he had he generated. So much trust in this method that he gave up pharmaceutical sales entirely and he became a coach because he realized that he was safe no.

Matter what happened that he could get clients using this process and if it did it for some reason it didn't work out and he needed to get another job he could get a job like that using these processes and. I've seen people literally get hired begged to be hired by companies that they didn't even qualify to be hired by. So you don't need to resort to that level to get this to work it works really well and you don't need to lie to for it to work. But it's about tapping into a people as emotional triggers and hot buttons and linking them in a very profound way to you.

So that's included in this course and if you understand how to read people's faces and how to read their shin and you know if they're data-driven or they're practical or their instinctive you can see how these might merge together. So you know how to present yourself in the best way possible to get your point across we're also going to include in this course. CPI level 2 which is all about the power of strategic story and metaphor creation the most powerful influence tool on the planet is stories and metaphors when. Pete when you hear the words let me tell you a story the hemispheres of your brain literally start to synchronize with the person telling the story and the longer you're engaged in the story the more rapidly you start your brain starts to change and your perceptions and attitudes and belief systems start to change to be in alignment with the story automatically in this particular you need to have.

CPI one to understand. CPI two okay. Because everything in. CPI b2 is built on this.

But we'll show you all the different kinds of stories to tell how to tell stories that cause you to connect with people how to tell stories that eliminate resistance to the influence you're trying to wield how to tell stories that amplify the persuasive impact of the messages these are available in the store. But they're significantly higher priced in the store tell you a story we are you'll also learn stories or what called ninja stories which is how to use stories as a delivery mechanism for embedded commands analog markings quotes all that all the stuff that you see. NLP practitioners and public speakers do on stage that have them screaming and running to the back of the room to buy your product or service we're gonna teach you systematically how to do all that how to create stories that make people neurologically primed to want whatever you're offering. So it's a very powerful verb very easy use system.

But it's based on the. CPI one level which is why we included it here we're also gonna teach you rapid resistance removal which is. CPI level 3. CPI level 3 is we call this renegade reframing this is the art of conversational belief change and overcoming objections actually.

Jason if you come to the. Las. Vegas for hypno. Thoughts.

I'm doing a four hour class on. NLP for profits on copywriting secrets utilizing. NLP and many of the technologies in. Rapid resistance or.

CPI 3 and. CPI 2 they've given me a four hour break out to teach that. So if you're coming to to. Vegas.

I'm actually gonna teach a class on it. I'd like to do a three-day workshop on it. But we don't have time in the 20 20 calendar maybe in 2021 we're do that okay. And of course and and now think about this for a moment what if if you say you're in a sales comp context or you're in a mediation context or maybe you're just trying to get someone to want to go out with you or there's something you wanted to do that they don't want to do is there anything for the ones that are not able to come to you if you can't come to me.

Jerry. Then. I recommend that you you get the videos and. Then utilize that.

VIP ticket when you have an availability for it the. VIP tickets don't expire once you have them and you're in our system you have it until you use it. So literally if it takes you two years to get to a live event. Then it's waiting for you when you get there okay.

So imagine what imagine if you had at least fourteen different ways or fourteen different answers to any objection or belief that somebody asked you that's what rapid resistance removal and reframing and belief change do this gives you the ability to reframe a person's belief their way of thinking during normal conversations to change beliefs fourteen different ways for any different belief that you're you're you encounter you have ways to change it this is amazingly and in fact. I should offer it with the with a regular face reading course this is how my teacher. Lillian actually creates a lot of the change work with her clients because when she pokes the bear. So to speak when she finds a facial marking that she wants to help the person process she'll start asking questions that make him think or her think about it and her job is to get them to event the emotions connected to it and.

Then help them reframe their their their perception of the experience to something that's more positive and more useful and that's what that's their her primary intervention yes. Shane killer influence will give the prerequisites for. CPI two and three absolutely okay. So if you wanted to be a face reader or a conversational hypnotist or therapist or a coach or a mediator or a negotiator.

Then this is one of the quote this is one of the trainings that you absolutely have to have because this allows you to bypass or overcome objections to reframe limiting beliefs and you can even use it on yourself that's one of the things that's really coolest you find a belief that a limiting belief that you have if you write it out and. Then utilizing one of these 14 patterns you write different answers to that belief you'll find that at some point your belief will change one of those patterns or combinations of those patterns will start to change your limiting beliefs. So it's a great way to do self work internally wasn't my original. I didn't originally design it for that that was one of the extra bonuses that.

I discovered you could do when. I started putting this together for you okay. And of course because people are always lying to you in the business world we're going to include a copy of lie to me if you dare how to catch. Liars and detect deception is this useful total value if you're gonna try to get this on the website will be six thousand nine hundred and eighty two bucks okay.

So those are three offers you get to pick one and the best part is for those of you who are on the webinar who've stuck it out you can have your choice of any package a. B or. C for one low installment of just nine ninety seven or you can do three easy installments of three ninety seven if you register before the end of tonight's class. So.

Henry can we put some of the links for the people is. Stephanie online with us now it's up now perfect. So you get to choose it's you know you get to ask me anything you want and included with any of these packages if you sign up before and this is only for the end of the webinar tonight you get your choice you have a. VIP ticket for any single live event during our 2020 calendar okay.

This is only available until. I log off the webinar tonight or 10:00 p.m. whichever comes. First okay. My recommendations for the package is above is for the the understand yourself package which is you know secrets of face reading valued at 997 identity by design by it at fourteen ninety seven lie to me if you dare ninety seven dollars vibrational healing fourteen ninety seven people reading for fun and profit 997.

I recommend the golden path. VIP ticket if you're interested in the speed reading for love sex and romance program. I highly recommend you jump on the the killer influence training in twenty in. July of 2020 this is a four day intensive it'll bring all the the various it'll bring in all the various video courses together in a cohesive way and you'll be able to decide once you have that foundation exactly which videos you want to get and what order you want to get them okay.

We have four identity by designed classes scheduled throughout 2020 we have one coming up. Next month here in. San. Diego we have one in.

Las. Vegas we have one in. Washington. DC we do not have one in.

Brisbane we have a regression training and a. CPI training scheduled in. Brisbane. But you can use the.

VIP ticket for that do you have any questions about this before. I go over the events calendar because there may be something else that you want when is the great sex course you know. Rebecca. I got to be honest.

I. I get a little bit nervous every time. I teach that course because it's such a controversial course and when. I tried to market these courses way back in the day the the the the the.

Internet guys were always trying to lump the information. I was trying to teach in with porn and adult websites and stuff like that and it was really frustrating to me. So in order to keep my word. I talked the class twice.

I videotaped it and refresh your screen and mine went black -. So. Henry can we do something about that. I'm gonna try to refresh my page if.

I lose you just hold on. I will be back okay. Are we back can everybody see me okay. All right.

Good cool all right. So. I'm not against doing it. But.

I need to. I need to see a lot of. Eileen. I need to see a lot of commitment from my students to do that class again.

I'm not. I'm not against doing it. But. Shane is saying the links are gone okay.

So. Chris is asking what is the best way to help someone who feels asexual and wants to unleash and create this and create their sexual desire. Chris the. First thing.

I would do is. I would start with identity by design or self mastery supercharger and. Then. I would transition them into.

I would transition them into probably the love sex and desire package you're you're a person you're seeking to work with it's probably gonna need the benefit of some one-on-one sessions. I know a lot of you guys are chronic do it or consummate do-it-yourselfers and by the way the. VIP tickets only for like the. I'm going to change this.

I'm gonna change it to the. First 15 people now let's do that's do 25. First 25 people to register are gonna get that. VIP ticket okay.

Pardon me while. I change the type size oops. I really hate when my font size changes all right. That's good enough all right.

So. Anyway you get your choice if you look. At them if you look. At the prices or the value you know you understand yourself package 7030 $5 all you can get it all for one low installment of 997 or just 397 if you're one of the.

First 25 people to jump on this. Then you're gonna get your you're gonna get a. VIP ticket you get to choose which of the courses you want to throw in there as a live event the nice thing about the. VIP ticket it's once again they do not expire the price point of the training doesn't matter.

So if let's say you get your. VIP ticket now and for some reason you can't get to a training until 2022 all you gotta do is pick up the phone give us a call let. Stephanie know and they will move you to the. Next class oh let.

Rebecca let me get right. Back to that okay. If something comes up at the. Last minute that you can't come to a training pick up the phone let us know we'll move you to another event once you have your.

VIP ticket you have it until you use it and you don't even need to pick what training you want to use it for as long as you're in the system and registered as having a. VIP ticket holder slot you can use it for just about any training if a training that you want to come to has a prerequisite. Then you have to satisfy that prerequisite. First before you can come to that event with very few exceptions that is the the only one are our extended classes any class that goes over over eight days usually counts as too slow well nevermind it's a different program don't worry about it.

Anyway. Stephanie can help you with that. But. I'm gonna go through our event calendar in just a moment.

I'm gonna circle back to more face-reading stuff. But. I wanted you guys to know what we have the offer that. I have for you and hopefully you guys will make that make the best decisions and decide where you're gonna see me.

Next and all that cool stuff. So getting back to. Rebecca. I'm willing to do the the sexuality classes if.

I get enough committed interest from from my students. I'm not against doing it. I just there's a line that you get really close to when you start teaching sensuality and sexuality information and. I love teaching and.

I think it's one of the most important skills for both men and women to have both in terms of being able to satisfy their lovers. But also in under to understand how the other the other gender works and it doesn't matter if you're you know heterosexual or you know bisexual homicide. I don't matter the the dynamics are largely the same and. So this class is song that can be very much a co-ed although.

I will admit. I will admit that it a lot of women voice interest in it. I'm gonna be upfront with you this is what has happened in the past a lot of women voice interest in this class. But it's only the men who show up and that's that's you know that's disappointing for me because.

I really believe that both genders would benefit from being in a sensuality class and experiencing and getting feedback from the other sides. I try to do is that's fine when. I teach a. Roddick in gnosis like when.

I go out in. Vegas yeah like at htl when. I go out to. Vegas the only time.

I'll teach erotic hypnosis is when. I have a co-ed class. I will not teach to all men. I will not teach to all women because by and large these skill sets are things that require a certain kind of environment and a certain kind of openness to.

So if you guys want to do that class. I have the curriculum. I could teach it with my eyes. Closed it has changed the course of my life and it'll change the course of yours if you have a relationship that's kind of gotten dull or kind of the sparks gone out or the person you you're with isn't the person you married you know what.

I mean these are ways that you can rapidly bring that that chemistry and that connection and that pleasure back into into your life. So. I'm more than willing to do it. But like.

I said advertising it generally to the general public it's it's problematic because it it sends up a lot of red flags and a lot of people's filters and. I think. Google and. YouTube and things like that.

But. I'm happy to do it if people really want to know how to do that is that useful. Rebecca yes. Or yes.

Did. I lose you again okay. All right. So let me go ahead.

I promise you guys okay. Let me. I promise you guys. I would jump to the events calendar.

So you guys know what's coming up. So. I'll go through this really really quick. Next week are not.

Next week. But the week after we're doing a special event here in. San. Diego it's the hypno.

Thoughts. I'm. I'll be teaching alongside five other of the world's best speakers in hypnosis some of the people on the leading edge if you are a trained hypnotist or coach and want to take your professional career further faster. I recommend you come out we're also offering a free bonus day before the event or it's just me and you for six hours where we go and have a group class based on the things you actually want to learn.

So the day before the event you'll come in on. February 27th at the. Doubletree and. I'll literally go around the room and.

I'll ask what do you want to learn what do you want to learn. Dave already learned that gee what do you want to learn. Rebecca what do you want to learn and will create that lesson plan on the spot and for the. Next six hours eight hours will drill you on those skills.

So you can do them in your sleep the following day we'll be at the. Paradise. Point. Resort for three days of advanced hypnosis and hypnotherapy training both in terms of business building as well as my approach to therapy and hit no.

Energetics. Melissa tears will be there. Kelly woods will be there ken gute. So we'll be there.

Jason. Lynette and. Steve ray mall teaching their specialties. So if it's something that if you're really serious about this connection.

Alexandra if you go ahead. Henry can you or. Brandon type in the link. So.

Alexander can grab one of the packages you can use your. VIP ticket for this. I don't recommend it coming up. March 3rd through the 7th here in.

San. Diego is our real world hypnosis identity by design training it's here in. San. Diego and this again is our.

I don't know what it is about this class. But for some reason people come in knowing nothing and they come out literally unstoppable we have students that literally hypnotize people right. Next to jackhammers in the middle of hotel lobbies undergoing renovations and they're completely successful this particular class if you're what. I like to call is serious are a special kind of stupid is the is is the course where you learn how to systematically remove negativity that people don't even know they have how to remove issues that are holding you back how to reprogram your past.

So when you look. Back on the past you only remember it in ways that make your life better how to eliminate that critical voice inside your head. So that it builds you up instead of tearing you down all the time how to install the traits qualities characteristic and attributes of people who skillsets you admire. So that you can custom design your own identity that's going to be.

March 3rd through the 7th here in. San. Diego if that's too short and notice we do have course coming up it's a. Ford a condensed version in.

Las. Vegas of course in. Dallas. December our.

March 27th through the 29th we'll be doing our face reading class secrets of the. Golden. Path again if you're interested in finding your path and getting on your mission this is something you might want to jump into we're gonna be having a three day master class here in. April.

April 16th through the 20th it's a five-day event it's. CPI 1 and. CPI 3. So if you're interested if you you're looking at the business package and you a lot of those things resonated with you use your.

VIP ticket to get the the. CPI masterclass you'll get the live training and. Then you can go back and you can supplement your face reading your video courses with the skill sets you've gotten from the live event and this once again is where we teach you. CPI 1 and.

Then systematically teach you the 14 ways to conversationally reframe and change beliefs and overcome objections in everyday conversations and it will help you in everything from the boardroom the classroom the treatment room to the bedroom very very powerful stuff. I do not teach it lightly. So if having the ability to win any argument and get people to believe anything you want is important to you this is something you might want to consider and once again that's. April 16th to the 20th here in.

San. Diego it's beat the. Doubletree downtown for those of you who are a real special kind of stupid in. Brisbane.

Australia. May 4th through the 8th we are doing real-world hypnosis rapid trauma release and deep healing five-day hypnotherapy certification this is this is where you go after identity by design if you are truly committed to being a healer to helping people overcome addictions post-traumatic stress disorder terminal and chronic illness to eliminate fears and phobias and. Then just go even deeper. Then this is the training you want to have i highly highly recommend that you at the very least have the identity by design videos if you're going to jump into this class i would much prefer that you have the identity by design five-day training before you jump into this class.

But we can work if you've got at least the foundations of identity by design okay. But this is heavy-duty stuff this is the stuff. I've been using clinically for 15 years to reverse cancers to you know eliminate skully eliminate the pain from scoliosis to eliminate herpes outbreaks and chronic lung issues and and all forms of. PTSD everything from rape trauma to sexual abuse to personality are multiple personality disorders these are the things.

I've been using this class only progresses at the speed that you can demonstrate competency with the material. So by the time you get out oh. I've worked with shooting victims yes. Susan several as a matter of fact.

I've work with homicide detectives. I work with rabbis yeah. So this is something once again it's not for the faint of heart. So if you're really ready it's ready to jump into the deep end of the theory this is where you go.

Next we have a comp and we're gonna the week after that. May 11th through the 16th we're doing a. CPI super hypnotic persuasion intensive this one's a little bit different because what we're doing in this one is we're teaching all of. CPI 3 we're teaching one or two modules from.

CPI 2 and one or two modules from. CPI 3. So it's not the full. CPI 2 or.

CPI 3 it's selected modules. So if you want kind of a a buffet or a sample platter of what the other courses do and you want the opportunity to work hands-on and really get a real-world ability to utilize these skills. Then this is probably a good training for you to jump into you don't need any prerequisites for this you can jump right. In and and get some very powerful hypnotic influence skills we do have a combo package if you want to jump in real-world trauma and the.

CPI six day super hypnotic persuasion intensive. I believe the combine package well ask. Stephanie about the combined package. But.

I know there's a combined price for that. I think it's like 3500. US for it for both and if you have a. VIP ticket you can use it for one of them.

So that's a big big savings right. There's coming up in. July we have killer influence secrets of covert hypnotic influence four days certification boot camp that's. July 15th through the 18th here in.

San. Diego and they said once again and this one is gonna be a little bit special in that. I'm gonna be showing a set of skill sets. I call yes.

There's two different. Brisbane training. Shane one is on therapy and one is on conversational persuasion and influence techniques or conversational hypnosis you can use conversational hypnosis for therapy. But this class is taught as a therapy influenced training that you can graft or in transplant into a therapeutic application or a teaching application or a sales application.

So it's not the. CPI class is not specifically about therapy. But it can be used for therapy. July 15th to the 18th we'll be doing a defense against the dark arts training which is all of our killer influenced trainings on influence as well as modules on how to protect yourself from social predators con men human traffickers narcissist sociopaths those kinds of things are certain key behavioral characteristics certain attributes that they all share will show you their tactics will teach you how they work will teach you how to spot them and most importantly will teach you how to never be a victim again.

So. I highly highly recommend that you only take this class defense against the dark arts - didn't receive an email we haven't started promoting that one yet. So that might be why this is a very powerful class if you're prone to delusions or hallucinations don't take this class this we try to keep this as pause this class as positive as possible. But we are talking about some pretty intense top and.

So only take this class if you're saying if you if you're not saying please avoid this class okay. Coming up in. August 2020 we have a 10-day super mega hypnosis training package and what this is this will be at the. Orleans.

Hotel and. Casino. And what this is is. August 10th through the 13th we'll be teaching a four day identity by design hypnotherapy and hypnosis certification intensive it's the entire five-day curriculum that you would get in if you came to.

San. Diego. But we're gonna do it in four days. So look.

For long and very long days and very intense training okay. It's a $2,250 value. Then there's gonna be three days. August 14th through the 16th of the hypno.

Thoughts live hypnosis convention. I'll be teaching at least three classes during the convention one of which is neuro hypnotic copywriting secrets. NLP for profit how to utilize how to write copy that sucks people in and makes people want to buy your product or service how to integrate. NLP techniques how copywriters do what they do and as far as.

I'm concerned the most powerful copywriters in print or the powerful hypnotist in print are direct response copywriters they've been plying this trade and and and getting people to take positive actions long before the internet long before any form of you know click to sign up type stuff ever happened they are the most powerful most emotional based writers. Next to romance writers that there are will give you a snapshot into how they do what they do the mindset the. NLP bells and whistles that carry give you the biggest bang for your buck we're also gonna teach think instant conversational hypnosis and. I think we're also doing there's one other class that we're doing.

Stephanie do you remember what other class were doing there plus you'll be surrounded by some of the biggest names in hypnosis world literally hundreds of presenters and we are the top we're usually voted the top presenter every year. So and. I often have spent a lot of time hanging out with my peeps who sign up and come out. So come on out it's a lot of fun.

I always try that any time. I find a room that's not being used. I try to do hidden classes and secret classes. So.

Oh. AJ's asking hey how did your vote as an influencer go this year ladies and gentlemen thanks to your support and your your ongoing love. I am happy to say that. NLP power and.

David. Schneider has been named the number one. NLP trainer of the. Year by global gurus org we beat out the founders we beat out some of the biggest names in the world and.

I have no. One to thank for it. But all of you and that's one of the reasons why. I do this ten day special event you guys did it not me.

I just showed. I'm just too good in the vest it was your support your love your votes that did it and together we're gonna change the world. I really believe that starting with yours right. I think to bring the most good to the world you start you have to start by making your world the best it can be.

First as powerful as my vest what's the one price for the htl package the one price for the. HDL package believe it or not is a wonderful where is it hold on if it should be 1497. I'm sorry no. It's 22 it's 2250 right.

Now 2250 for something like this week yeah what we can do what we can do is we can we can give you a special price that includes the. VIP take that works with the. VIP ticket. So you can use it towards a you can use it towards either the.

I didn't. I didn't finish you guys keep distracting me. I didn't get to chain tell you the rest of what's going on here hold on a. Second the way the.

VIP tickets work with the the the hypno. Thoughts package is you can use the. VIP ticket towards one training or you can just buy the training package by itself each of these by itself is 2250 all right. So during the convention you'll get to meet the best trainers in the world three days after the convention.

August 17th through the 19th. I am doing a three-day face reading certification. So literally if you want to learn how to do face reading the way. I teach it if you want to be able to unpack people's personalities temperaments attitudes attributes this is the training you want.

Oh nuts. I am. So sorry for this. I do not know what's going on guys.

I really don't. I thought we had all the bugs worked out [Music] let me see if. I can get it back real quick you is it retrograde seriously oh man. I hate retrograde let's back on now okay.

Okay. So let me tell you a little bit more about this package this is one of the reasons why we're using it separately from from the from the one we just talked about because in in addition to that you get the four-day identity by design pre-conference you get the three days of the hypnosis convention you get full access it includes lunch you get the three-day face reading certification and we include with this package a special video bonus training archiving let me explain to you what this is the way this works. I have been teaching a hypno. Thoughts live both pre and post and during the conference since 2009.

I think almost take about 10 years now that. I've been doing this. I have videotaped or recorded every single training. I've ever done there sorry about that guy try refreshing your screen see what happens again and what.

I've done is. I've taken all those videos both the the during conferences the post conferences the pre conferences and. I've literally them on a website you of high-level training on everything from erotic hypnosis to identity by design and personality transformation to face reading to conversational hypnosis to how to be lucky how to read people how to catch lies it's it's just a massive massive package literally hundreds of hours of content that you can binge-watch to your heart's content it's part of this package. So for those of you who are interested in that and you talk reach out to.

Stephanie and let me do this real quick. So you can reach out to. Stephanie at. NLP power calm or you can call her directly at eight five eight two eight two four six six three and she can walk you through no.

It's still on refresher to refresh your screen. Tania okay. And the nice thing about most of these videos guys is they've never been released anywhere else you won't find them the vast majority of on. YouTube you won't find them in the mastermind archives you'll only find them in this bonus package.

So not only do you get ten days of intense one-on-one training with me you're gonna get hundreds of hours of videos that you can watch absolutely free instantly it's they're all they're all digital downloads. So you can by the way they're big files. So have a lot of space on your hard drive if you're going to do that. So is everybody clear on the super mega bonus training packages and stuff like that yeah you're gonna need it you're gonna need it because.

I don't. I don't know where that's coming from. But. Anyway okay.

Cool all right. So let me finish the calendar. Then we'll go back to more face reading stuff oops looks like okay. All right.

Google's. Google is playing tricks with me here and. I'm not sure why you guys okay. Okay.

Hold on a. Second okay. Cool all right. Let me see if.

I can get my google page back now some reason. Google. UPS did. I just am.

I still logged in hold on uh-oh all right. Something something weird is going on here with with my. Google. I'm gonna have to.

X out of this screen. I'm afraid that mice you know what my screen is locking up. So here's what. I'm gonna do rather than risk getting bumped out oh here we go okay.

Okay. No. That's not working all right. So are we good my camera's up to eye level what are you talking about ray are you tired of looking up my nose is that what's going on okay.

So let me get back to this okay. So people were asking about must be. Mercury retrograde okay. So let's go back.

So. I think we've covered. HT live. August 17th through.

August 19th we talked about that already and by the way any of this know he snuck by the way the identity by design class in the face reading class you can use those as separate from the the bonus package we just talked about you can get the all-inclusive ten-day or you can use your. VIP ticket for just face reading or just the identity by design we're finalizing this right. Now we're working on an eight-day. NLP certification in the.

United. Kingdom the tentative dates are. September 20th through the 27th as of right. Now it's we're looking at not being it we're not going to be in.

Peterborough we're probably going to be in. Coventry once we get those pictures signed up and we'll go from there ray. I would do that. But.

I don't have. I'm already wasting enough time with all the technical snafus and stuff like that. I'm sorry if you don't approve of my my upward gazing camera. But we're gonna stick with it for now.

So this is an 8 day. NLP training and we'll be covering everything that society requires these are long days it's not for the faint of heart everybody is welcome. I highly recommend that you some you have some level of facility with hypnosis before jumping in this will be in the. United.

Kingdom you can apply your. VIP ticket towards this if if you have the prerequisites this is one of the classes that does have a prereq you know that does have certain limitations applied to it. So reach out to. Stephanie about that if if you have questions about our.

NLP certification coming up in. Toronto some people were saying about me coming to. Toronto. I will be hosted by mass.

Mike. Mandel the world's greatest. Canadian hypnotist up in. Toronto be there.

October 24th through the 26th. I'll be teaching. TV. CPI level 1 and plus some extras that may add a few.

I may add one or two modules from some of the other trainings. But depending on how fast we go through that we have a self-defense training that we do it's where we kind of bring out all the self-defense stuff that. I do in my martial arts and that's self-defense secrets of internal power three-day personal protection boot camp and. Then.

Finally finishing up twenty20 we have real world hypnosis identity by design another five-day event. I highly recommend if you have a desire to help people therapeutic. Li in terms of coaching mentoring that you jump into this class. First and.

Then move on to. Then move on to like identity by design or what have you. So that's our event calendar and you can find that for those of you who want to go back and you don't have to pick a class right. Now for those of you who want to find that you can here's the link for that ok.

Ok. Ok. So that's what. I've got for you just a quick reminder.

Then we're gonna go back. So we have three packages it's your choice you have the know thyself package you have the speed-reading people for love sex and romance business face to face face reading for strategic leadership and influence each value at over seven six thousand seven thousand dollars and any one of these is can be yours for one low installment of nine ninety seven or three easy payments of just three ninety seven we can break that down for you and if you're one of the. First twenty-five to register you'll get out you'll qualify for a. VIP ticket for any of our events in our 2020 calendar or we recommend it any of these three to supplement your packages and that offers good until february 28th at 10 p.m. pacific time or the end of this webinar whichever comes.

First they should your members area on the. NLP power website. Jason. Jason was asking how do we access the bonuses and things like that they should be in your members area okay.

Let's jump back up and talk about more face reading stuff. So we've talked about the three zones we talked about data-driven someone who is data-driven has a bigger upper zone someone who has a bigger middle zone is more practical or pragmatic someone who is more earthy or more instinctive or in our emotional will tend to have a larger lower zone these people go with their gut they'll do things because they love them not because the facts support it and it's not one over the other what you want to do when you when you look. At somebody's zones is you want to figure out what's the perfect algorithm are we staying on here until the 28th cool no. We're not.

Susan. But what you want to look. At when you look. At some of these faces you want to look.

At the order of look. Gauge their faces by size. So if they're let's just keep it simple one two three this zone was biggest this one was second-biggest this one was. Third biggest that would be the order of data that.

I would present if someone has a big upper zone slightly smaller middle zone and. Then a big on a smaller chin. Then. I would present all the data.

First. I would tell them how they could use it and. Then. I would tell them why they're gonna love it and how to go with their gut if it was the inverse if this area was bigger this area was in the middle and this area was smaller.

I would say you're really going to love the what. I'm about to share with you and this is what all the reasons why you'll love it it's gonna do this for you it's gonna do this you're gonna be able to do. X. Y &.

Z people will do. X because you know how to do this and here's the data here's the proof that supports that does that make sense. So when you know that's why. I taught you the three zones.

First because when you look. At somebody and you can extrapolate which zones are you you actually have an algorithm a formula of how to present your information now when you look. At somebody there's something else you want to look. At and it let's look.

At the emotions. First the emotions are very important. But to really make the most of the emotions you have to look. At another aspect of the face and that's the right.

Side versus the left side the right. Side of a person's face is their public persona it's the face they show the world it's the professional image they want you to have their left side is what they're like when the lights are off when nobody's looking when they're just around they're almost intimate companions or family their friends when they're by themselves the left side symbolizes who they are inside privately when you present to people it's it's always true right. So you there right. So.

I mean this is from your perspective spot looks like my left. But it's it's always true right. Okay. And the way to remember that is remember your right.

Brain you're the right. Side of your face is controlled by the left side of your body. I'm sorry the right. Side of your face is controlled by the left brain left hemisphere the left side of your face is controlled by the right.

Brain. So your internal emotional side your more sensitive sides are going to be in the left side. But when you present to people. I probably will grow it back.

I mean. I'm doing a big business deal right. Now and. I have to be clean-shaven and present a trim and proper image.

So. I may be. I may get the scruff back after that no. Visible note thank you.

Ray it's nice to know. I have no. Visible nose here awesome. I look.

Fierce okay. So when you look. At when now here this is where it gets important when you're presenting to somebody in a business context okay. When you're presenting to somebody professionally you present to their right.

Face you understand that when you read someone you're when you're in a business context you deal with the person as they want you to perceive them if you peel back that persona you peel back that that mast they start to feel vulnerable they'll start to feel threatened in some way they'll get defensive. So you need to play to that person's public persona okay. So let's look. At what we've got now just from understanding facial zones the zones of the face tell you the order in sequence to present information to them the sides of the face tell you what that person is like privately versus what that person is like publicly when you look.

At the the lines of the face now when you look. At the lines of the face are the lines deeper on their private side or their public side well this is the phrase saving face comes from the own from the from. Asia from comes from the. Orient it's a very big thing okay.

So let's say and people are asking about eye size and ear size eye size matters. I shape matters every. I have my little eight. I can taught a face reading certification.

Last month. I literally spent two days on eyes. Just on the eyes. Oh the things you can unpack okay.

And if you come to the face reading certifications in in. Vegas you'll learn all of that stuff it's prepared it's ready to go and it's easy okay. But are the lines deeper on the right. Side or the left side that's gonna tell you where they're where they're holding more stuff also how open is the eye how big is the eye on the right.

Side versus the left side a big round eye indicates somebody who's more open more outgoing more imaginative more suggestible a more narrow die a big. I held small. So you know somebody who's blocking who's guarding who's analyzing who's more selective they're going to be applying more analysis to the things that you say they're gonna be more defensive to the things that you say that are more guarded are they more open on their public side of their private side look. At their ears is an ear on one side bigger than the other one that can tell you a lot about their risk-taking behavior financially physically okay.

The bigger generally speaking the bigger a trade is the better it is in terms of being able to receive or have more energy the smaller more narrow a trait the more selective and precise and discriminating it is and that's that's a truism that you can that you can pretty much count on okay. Is this useful yes. Or yes. Okay.

How. I'm gonna ask you guys a question now how might this be useful how might this be useful just typing it just type something job interviews yes. Absolutely go on oh shoot he's asking me questions. I wasn't expecting this dealing with family sure okay.

Excellent all right. So let me finish up the emotions and. I'm just gonna take your questions for half hour 45 minutes and let you go said okay. Politics absolutely absolutely all right.

So we talked about this is the line. I want you to pay attention to business deals and politics absolutely when someone's in physical or emotional pain and it's usually chronic you'll see lines that travel from the outer canthus towards the nose they traveled this way sad happiness and mania go up sadness goes down pain goes in pain goes in. I don't believe it or not even though. I work in a chiropractic clinic.

I don't see these a lot. But. I have seen them when someone is actually in physical pain they'll tend to be very prominent. But if you see these lines and they're not making an obvious face you know facial sign of pain this is somebody's been holding onto a lot of stuff that's really hurting they're really hurting inside okay.

I'll see if. I'll see what. I can do. AJ.

I think we talked about mania lines remember if the if the joy lines starting at the outer canthus go up past the eyebrow now you're looking at basically. Domanick sorry what's sort of looking for see my nose hairs you look. At its mania. But.

I'm thinking of bipolar disorder manic depressive that kind of stuff okay. It could just be mania there are just manic people. But it could be any of those. Manic.

Street. Preachers yes. Transformation lines this is a line that that. I've actually got one.

I don't know if you can see it on the camera. But when you see a line that runs diagonally upward like this this is somebody who's gone through a very deep dark night of the soul and emerged from it with some form of enlightenment or epiphany or life-changing wisdom. I guess is a good word these are lines we want to have. I was taught when.

I was getting trained with. Lillian she was talking about the. Dali. Lama and there's a there's a facial characteristic known as.

Buddha wings and. Buddha wings start from the. Third eye and they kind of they kind of flare up like this and. Lillian was telling me that if you watch the dalai lama when he's teaching he has these beautiful buddha lines her buddha wing lines that come up and when he stops teaching and he's just dealing with people you know backstage or in a crowd or what-have-you these lines aren't as prevalent these lines aren't as prevalent.

So they say and. I think that and. I believe they start with this whole this this transformation lines. But when you've gone through a long dark night of the soul you'll see this this wrinkle that runs vertically well we're not really taught.

Rebecca we're not talking about veins. So much as wrinkles again a lot of this class is about wrinkles okay. Yeah. I'm gonna save that the irritation and annoyance lines for.

Last because there's such a deep well of stuff here when we look. At face reading this area hold on a. Second this area that eye brow that forehead eyebrow. III.

Ridge is such an important area when you see somebody who has these double lines like this what you're seeing or annoyance or impatience right. Now because. I'm dealing with wonky internet plus. I have a family.

So and two very young children who love to bicker. So. I get this a lot. But every now and.

Then you're gonna come across people and it's quite prevalent you're gonna look. At somebody and you're gonna see a single line right. Down the center okay. This line is called a suspended suspended needle if it's really big we call it suspended sword and what this usually indicates okay.

That chain did that scar happen to happen around your 30s three or four did you have did you by any chance when you are transitioning from your 20s to your 30s have some kind of a an accident or a less than positive event a significant one dark times yeah see here's there's. I didn't. I don't really talk about this because it really gets out into woo hoo land. But one of the nother one of the other modules in the face reading curriculum.

ISM is a module called. Ming and. Ming literally means destiny and we told you that the. Chinese could could read your history on your face it would start at the ear and.

Then it would travel to the other ear and. Then it would travel to the center of the hairline and come down this is called the river of life and. Then it would it would move along the jawline up to about 120 and let's say you're 30 years old let's say you're 20 years old right. You're in your 20s here and you got something down here maybe a scar from a childhood adventure what this will actually mean for you is that when you hit your 20s to 30s at that particular age of.

Correspondence on the face something is going to happen in your life. So there's a predictive element based on where these scars and markings and liver spots and dimples and freckles and things like that manifest or impact you based on your own internal chronology now that sounds really weird. But that's why. I asked what happened at 20 between 29 and 30 and.

Shane said dark times right. Was he gonna have that before the scar maybe maybe not could it be because of the scar the. Chinese would say yes. Having a scar there means there's something coming and you got to deal with it right.

Now you doesn't mean you're doomed it means forewarned is forearmed depending on what you. Isis you make and how you approach things you can mitigate that it helps if the person's relaxed. But they can be talking usually they are in a face reading. So the waste suspended sword manifests.

I mean hold on a. Second the way the way suspended sword or suspended needle manifests and what this means is largely that early in a person's development and it's usually it's usually repressed anger directed at the dominant patriarchal figure in a relationship now in a single-family home where there's only a mom that that means it could be directed at the mom when she's taking on the masculine role. But what this particular line represents is a person expressing anger and as a as a consequence of expressing that anger something really bad happened give you some examples. Lillian taught us a story about a guy who was a high level basketball player was the playing in college and he was playing a game when today and he had a really strong very prominent brow line very strong jaw which means he has a lot of aggression that's channeled through his basketball and there had this one guy on on the opposing team who kept fouling him kept checking him kept causing penalties calling him names just basically trying to provoke him and at some point the guy went just one step too far the guy thought the guy lost it and just popped him right.

In the face knocked him cold put him in the hospital and he wound up getting suspended from basketball he actually wound up going to jail for a couple of days kid wound up in the hospital and he got this big old line right. Down that center line what this symbolizes is a person who expresses their anger and it's usually. Adam add up for a paternal the personal parent or authoritarian figure and the pushback the ramifications or. Consequences of expressing that anger causes them to lock down that anger they make a decision right.

Then and there to never let that energy express itself or let that energy out again and they develop a line right. Here and that's what that symbolizes a block to that energy what this really means is they have a lot of power a lot of. Drive and ability to achieve that they're holding back that they won't let. Express and at some point.

Later in life that blockage will manifest as an inability to move forward even if you know what actions to take even if you understand exactly how to do what needs to be done you won't take the actions and. I have people in my life who. I love dearly who are associates of mine who have this marking and. I watch it happen to them over and over and over again.

So when you have this line understand something you are far more powerful than you're letting yourself be and you need to get that out you need to remove that block. So you can be in your power okay. Very important very important okay. And.

I see this one. I see this one a lot a lot a lot okay. My wife has one and depending on how she feels about her mom at any given moment it gets bigger or weaker see when you know exactly what caused it don't you all of a sudden poof the event connected to it just pops up there spontaneously doesn't it that's what happens in a face reading session the the unconscious mind spontaneously responds to the inquiry and gives you the information remember when you're dealing with the unconscious mind you're dealing with the energetic side of you there are six things that you need to keep in mind the unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly oops.

I'll find a way to organize this stuff into a. PDF for you it always answers honestly and. I would and. I'll be honest.

I from the fact that my nose hairs aren't showing. I would like feedback on the content of this webinar tell me what you liked what you didn't like what we can do better what would make it absolutely cool for you mine is more negative why. I don't know what that means okay. And it always feels like you're making it up when you get any there's there's a couple other dynamics two unconscious responses these are the big these are the big three if you could trust your uncut if you can become aware of these dynamics.

Then you can unpack your own facial features and if you have the tools and the technology you can start to change those lines on your face no. Array. I definitely will not forget you okay. So.

So that's the the emotional map we combine the emotional map with noticing where on the face you know which side of the face are they more prevalent tells us where these people are experiencing more emotional issues when we talk to people we want to know what order in sequin to present information to them does that make sense yes. Sir yes. Cool all right. Now it's your turn keeping in mind that people are going to be asking lots of questions how do you figure out that's very easy actually.

RM what you do when you look. In the mirror what's the. First feature your eyes. Travel to remember the unconscious mind always answers.

First and the part of you that controls your direction of attention is your unconscious line if you have an intention also if you want to unpack stuff come to golden pass because we'll help you do that too that's a good place to do it face reading trainings and golden paths are the best place to unpack your [ __ ] where do your eyes. Fall. First and. Then when your eyes.

Are gravitating to a specific marking ask how did that happen what's behind that. Ajay says the lines in my forehead don't make it all the way across when the lines in your forehead don't make it all the way across. RM what that means is those are things you haven't finished processing yet there are things you haven't solved or problems you haven't worked out they're still in progress okay. It doesn't mean it doesn't mean a bad thing it means you're still working on it okay.

When they go all the way across that means you've you've learned that lesson and you can ask you can simply ask what is what's what's the lesson what's behind this marking what's the lesson behind this and go with your. First impression mine fall on the middle and top on the on the top middle of mine can you rewrite that. Carroll number of lines difference basically the more lines the more [ __ ] you've had you've gone through the more lines you have the more [ __ ] you've conquered yes. Many of our parents have many of our parents and here's the weird thing is we'll get [ __ ] will inherit [ __ ] from our parents when you come to identity by design and you come especially in.

Virginia and in. Rhiannon we're talking about regression in. Brisbane we'll be talking about something that's become relatively new in the psychology world what's not new in hypnosis and it's called generational trauma this is trauma that you've inherited genetically from your grandparents your parents your great-great grandparents and. So forth and we'll show you how to clear that stuff up.

I have a deep line on the side of my mouth smile lines. I'd need to see the lines. Rebecca my dad has joy lines - okay. Good both sides okay.

Are they when you say they're in the middle of the nose. Caroline are they here like between the eyebrows are they here or down here. I have one big mark between my eyebrows and you just basically describe me. David this shit's accurate man 3,500 years of observation and testing you know and and a lot of the a lot of.

Western scientists are starting to see correlations with personality attributes and and facial characteristics as well you'll be processing a lot. Laura one of the one of the byproducts of going through this is that as you unpack these these markings on your face you're gonna trigger some level of clearing you're gonna trigger some level of processing out it's just how it works. I don't. I didn't design the system only two lines on the forehead.

So far must be a lot more [ __ ] coming could be rare you've or you you're about to become a. Buddha one of the two okay. Yes. I think gray room can go a long way in helping you to clean a lot of this [ __ ] up it also gives a whole lot more relevance to the term point to where you feel it huh because you can clear stuff up by using the point the point and feel method or you can do it the classic way which is through conversation and dialogue.

Peter asked what about a clear line side to side on the nose right. Before the tip okay. If it's right. Before the tip of the nose all right.

This is very important for us since. Peter brought it up this is something. I don't see it that often. But it.

I don't have my pen. I was gonna use my stylus to write this. But alright. Here's here's um this probably will have to end it for today in terms of face reading the nose is related to your heart the tip of the nose is the heart organ the space before the nose is another aspect of the heart we call the pericardium or the heart protector the pericardium in in.

Western medicine is a sac that surrounds the heart it helps the heart to keep beating in. Chinese medicine the pericardium has a deeper level of significance and that it's designed to protect the heart from emotional attack from energetic attack. So when people develop a line across the nose it usually indicates a pericardium issue it indicates either there's something wrong with the physical pericardium itself or there was an extreme emotional injury that the the pericardium protected the heart from and that marking is telling you that there's some resolution that needs to happen there that does that help spending technique will work. Shane color breathing will work magic frame will work all the techniques we teach and identity by design when integrated with face reading work powerfully synergistically my pericardium has a small dent any idea again same idea it's it's usually an emotional injury it's it's easier there's something physically wrong with your heart or your pericardium the energy system of your heart or pericardium or this emotional trauma that you've even you've endured or suffered downturn shape to the eyes.

Usually indicates somebody who is a little bit more on the. I call them the. Good. Samaritan eyes.

When we're looking at at eye lines we're looking at eyelines you do this real quick you have to take a draw lines from the canvass from the outer canthus to the inner canthus and as lies got to be straight across the pupils if the line if the corner of the eye travels below that line you have a downturn. I this person is downturned eyes. If per if the look. If the corner of the eye is above that line you have an upturned eye a nose asked you have a deep line here mega.

I'll tell you what that means in a minute people who have the lis downturned eye or what. I call the. Good. Samaritans now what that means is there are very sympathetic people they have a more negative view of the world than people with upturned eyes.

Okay. And. So because they tend to be more sympathetic. Oh.

Beth that's better [ __ ] a. So these people while they have a little bit more of a pessimistic view of the world they also tend to have very soft hearts in other words they can be taken in by a good sob story they'll lend a hand when somebody's seems to be in misery a lot even if they're not. But they put on a they tell a good story these people will tend to be a little bit more. Samaritan they're.

The. Good. Samaritans that's what. I like to call them.

But they tend to be taken advantage of a little bit more okay. A lot of help a lot of people the helping professions have these. I have these eyes. Unfortunately.

So. I've had to learn intelligent compassion if they're upturned eyes. They tend to be middle bit more on the optimistic side they see the world oh there's a little bit more of a positive place they may still be compassionate and a good. Samaritan.

But they don't have that negative oh woe is me kind of an energy to them or the world is a tough challenging rotten place and blah blah blah. So. I recommend my people become compassionate my students be compassionate. But they do it intelligently know when to bestow your compassion and how to bestow it rather than just you know blatantly enabling people because the.

Predators of the world have a vested interest in playing on stupidly compassionate people that's what they do that's how they manipulate the system okay. For those of you who have an ass nose and what that usually means is you have a nice little dent right. Down the center of your nose [Laughter] this is what we call inhuman angel marking this is somebody who just like the the. Good.

Samaritan eyebrows they have a deep need to help others a deep need to to make the let make the world a better place. But they're also very conscious people there's a part of them that knows they're more than just this body that their true home is from somewhere else and where they're at right. Now isn't it. So they're always a little bit sad.

So. I often see this marking not always. But many times. I see this marking combined with the downturn of the eyes.

Okay. You may not see it. But if you press on your nose you could probably feel a little indentation if you have that marking that tends to mean that you're a little bit of a human angel you have a strongly compassionate nature and a sincere desire to help physiologically these people tend to be a little bit more blood deficient they tend to be a little bit more anemic. So they need to eat a lot more red meats a lot more blood building foods because they're always giving that blood away they're always giving that energy way to others to help others deep horizontal lines in the middle ooh forehead are just deeper issues that we're going through you're a hair nose angel not sure what that means or that.

I want to okay. Let's see. So does that help does that answer some okay. Very cool.

I'm gonna stand up again. I know you're messing with me alkaline noses and bumps on the nose mean two very different things bumps on the nose tends to is usually a sign of somebody who likes to be in charge ah : noses are people who are very metallic they tend to be very orderly and sophisticated they tend to be good moneymakers. I have to look. More.

I felt got it up more and yeah. So let me go ahead and erase some of this stuff get all this schmutz off my off my diagram yeah aqua line noses tend to be very metallic features and and. So these people tend to be very they like order as opposed to being organized what people can be very organized. But they're not always orderly metallic people they things need to be just right.

Horizontal line across the bridge of the nose usually indicates blood sugar issues there's usually something going on with your diet that needs looking into okay. Well it's just. I hope you guys have enjoyed our webinar it's getting late. I'm getting vehement text messages hey.

Bobby. I'm getting me heaven text messages from the wife once again these are the packages we've got going on. I would love to see you all in person and and really help you on your path. So.

I'm hoping to see a lot of you in. Dallas if not in. Dallas at least that identity by design. So just as a quick review the know thyself offer is secrets for understanding yourself and others healing emotional trauma getting rid of negative emotions and removing the blocks to your success it has our secrets of face reading in.

Chinese medical hypnotherapy course valued at nine ninety seven the identity by design program which is all the techniques we use to clear that [ __ ] out fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value lie to me if you dare how to catch. Liars ninety seven dollar value vibrational healing very powerful course make sure you do identity by design. First before we doing those videos people reading for fun and profits a two-day intensive nine hundred ninety seven dollar value and. I recommend if you're one of the.

First twenty-five to jump on this offer that you'd get that. VIP. Golden. Path ticket you can if you were to go to the website and try to get all this.

First of all you couldn't do it it would cost you over $7,000 if you're one of the. First twenty-five to sign up today you can get all that in package a for one low installment of nine ninety seven or you can do three easy payments of three ninety seven each that good that offer is good until. I log off the webinar today or 10:00 p.m. which is probably what's gonna 7 p.m. is probably gonna come. First if you're more interested in romance dating attraction relationship application if you're a relationship or dating coach.

Then the package you might want is package. B which is secrets of face rate it's the love is the speed meeting people for am. I gonna run a deal for the identity by design sir we have the ten day package we have this package here otherwise it's twenty to fifty at the door though that helps. I would grab one of these if you if you want to come to one of those of things you want to come to one of those events.

I would grab either this package or. I would get the the 10-day all-in-one inclusive package that is gonna give you seriously the biggest bang for your buck plus you get those hundreds of hours of you get ten years worth of archive video from all the other trainings. So you get a huge amount of stuff. Thank.

You. Bobby. So this is gonna give you the secrets of face reading in. Chinese medicine home study course valued at nine ninety seven people reading for fun and profit valued at four hundred ninety seven dollars the speed attraction rapid.

Attraction secrets program fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollars that's alright. Right. It'll be real world the include real world romance the co-ed workshop on romance training for men and women together fourteen hundred ninety seven dollar value the unlimited lover program buy it at nine hundred and ninety seven dollars and the killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis hypnotic influence training package valued at nine hundred ninety seven dollars it will also throw in there the lie to me if you dare training. I will be sending out the replay we've got two recorders going right.

Now. So we should be able to get you a replay no. Matter what. But the the.

VIP ticket offer which you may or may not have seen will not be available on the replay. So if you know you want to come to a training if you know you want to get the biggest bang for your buck. I would recommend you reach out to. Brandon or.

Henry or. Stefanie right. Now guys. Henry or.

Stefanie or. Brandon can you throw in those. Ling for them. So people can grab the.

Last remaining packages. I know we've only got a couple left. Rebecca said. I'm sorry.

I didn't get that answer what. I don't know what answer you're talking about ask the question again and. I'll try to get to it and all those who said something about me improving their life. I wanted to read that all right.

I'll have to. I'll have to go back and look. At those things oh my goodness look. Face reading super package okay.

And. Finally for those of you who have a more professional or you know business orient to this material we have the business face to face face reading for strategic leadership and influence package it's going to include the secrets of face reading for 997 people reading for fun and profit valued at 497 dollars stealth. CPI level 1 conversational persuasion and influence fight and $1,997 the stealth selling secrets rapid sales and interview crushing techniques right. At 497 dollars.

CPI - strategic narrative and metaphor vitae at fourteen hundred and ninety seven dollars. CPI three rapid resistance removal reframing in a conversational belief change valued at fourteen hundred ninety seven dollars and. Finally we're gonna throw in the lie detection lie to me if you dare course valued at $97 if you would look. At any of these packages for the package.

B it's six thousand four hundred eighty two dollars if you wanted to buy it retail 6900 eighty two dollars if you were gonna buy the business package on the website. But for those of you on the webinar today you can get everything for one low installment of just nine ninety seven or three easy payments of three ninety seven each if you grab it before the end of the class today you're also going to receive a free. VIP bonus ticket that you can use for any event in our 20/20 calendar as long as you qualify for it and what that means is you either have the prerequisites or you've worked out something special with. Stephanie we went through the catalog or the calendar early in the trend in the webinar the.

First three entries you see here are my recommendations for the biggest bang for your buck to go with the many offers mentioned above these three. But option four is also a really good idea if you know that you want to train with me and you may not know exactly what you want to train in yet and. I always tell people. I always tell my students before you buy anything before you register for any program call us or ask us.

First we'll give you recommendations because if you've been to our website you know that there's a lot of product there and our job is to get you from where you are to where you want to be with the least amount of steps possible and if you tell us what it is you really want to accomplish and how you want and what you want to do we can tell you exactly what training path to take in within our material. So you can get the biggest bang for your buck that's my job. I mean yes. I sell products and that's important.

But my big goal like my most important goal is to empower you is to give you the tools that you need to get the life that you want the way that you want it on your terms by your standards by your expectations and rather than flying blind let us help let us you know you've seen the power of what we do you see you can binge-watch to your hearts and you binge-watch to your heart's content on our youtube channel by all means if you need if you if you have some of the products this is something we should talk about really quick if you have some of the products here all right. Let's say you have identity by design or you have vibrational healing you can swap it out for something else of equal or lesser value. So if if that's something that was in your way don't worry about it if you have it if there's no. Work you don't need to worry about duplicating it we'll swap it out with something of equal or lesser value or something that's a better fit we can customize these packages a little bit for you.

So that's what. I've got for you. I hope that. I hope you've gotten a lot out of this webinar.

I've certainly enjoyed presented this material never gets old. I promise you. I will go back and look. At the chat logs.

So. I will see every nose-hair comment that that ray put out there and all those other good things. But my goal is to give you something that you could take away and start using today and. I hope we've done that.

I hope we've given you enough information that that you can go out and you can start making changes in your life right. Away everybody good reach out to. Brandon. Stephanie is online.

I'm gonna go talk to a wrinkle excellent that's a good way to start off to do homework excellent be sure you get your packages. I'm gonna. So. I'm going to switch back to you.
