Title: How to Catch A Liar: Psychological Tips, Tricks &amp; Tactics For Reading People and Catching Liars 2018
File Name: iuUmghM87xM.txt
Video Id: iuUmghM87xM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuUmghM87xM

[Music] [Music] e e e welcome to. Hypno. Thoughts couple of caveats before tonight haven't realized it already if incorrect or. Politically.

Incorrect metaphors swear words the word boobies offend you leave now they have given me less than an hour to compress a lifetime of study. So here is my commitment to you. I will take you as far down this. Rabbit.

Hole as. I can in the time we have and. I will show you where to go for more if that's what you want to do is that a is that a fair deal all right. So.

First of all today's class my name is. David. Snider in case you didn't know. CU.

I'm such a shy and retiring type really what we just did even with e with or without the music is one of the most important things you can do for yourself every single day one of the running themes in all the all the courses. I'm teaching both for the. Last three days today. Saturday.

Sunday is this one thing your physiology controls your psychology now that flies in the face of a lot of what we've been taught we've been taught we can use our mind to control our body and that's true enough to be true except when the proverbial feal matter hits the rotating oscillator. Then your butt puckers up and your brains drop out as one of my biproxi mentors used to say right. Here's what. I mean when.

I say this everything we're going to be talking about whether we're talking about lie dete which is we're going to go we're going to focus on the 10 or 15 most reliable indicators that someone pay attention may be lying there is no. One single indicator that points at. Deception the best you can do is an educated guess now the question becomes once you figured out okay. This person might be being untruthful how far down that rabbit hole do you really want to go you see most people don't believe lives because they lives because they have to they believe them because they want to there are 10 key indicators which we don't have time to cover 10 key indicators that create a lens that's.

I don't have an an eraser. So. I'll just have to do it the hard way 10 key indicators that create either one of any any one of them by themselves can create a lens that makes you want to believe deceptive behaviors that will cause you to interpret certain qualities and characteristics particular to sociopaths narcissists and. Psychopaths as something else 10 of them you only need one to start to blur to turn your uh your reading glasses into rose-colored glasses as one of my uh sources used to say these are all and these are all by the way attractors attractors the 10 that we're going to we're not going to talk about them all.

I. I have a list we're going to go more into them on. Saturday morning we have a longer breakout it's called speed attraction 3.0 we're going to be talking about how to make someone like love and trust you in bordering on love literally in as little as 20 minutes we're also going to show you how to take those feelings and explode them into marriage level intimacy sometimes in as little as 90 minutes we're going to show you how to use these things outside of romantic contexts. So if you're going anybody here do networking right.

Anybody ever go to. Singles bars nah. I wouldn't do that either right. Um we're going to show you actually how to position yourself in certain places.

So that you are far more likely to get introduced to people people are more likely to introduce you to them to other people it's really cool we're going to talk about a little bit about how to connect with people through stories because whether you realize it or not your the human neurology is hardwired for stories the neurology is there every time you hear the words once upon a time or that reminds me of a time when your brain changes the hemispheres of your brain and the listeners or if you're the listener they synchronize they literally start to sync up that's what the. Neuroscience tells us. So one of the most powerful influence tools you have is story and metaphor right. We're going to talk a little bit about how to use those tomorrow to create powerful connections chemistries and things like that it's a very deep well.

But we'll give you the things you can go out and start playing with right. Away how does that relate to lie detection. Liars can't tell their story backwards if you go to. Chicago if you go to.

Chicago. Chicago up until recently had the highest number of false confessions in history because they were they weren't using what they call narrative interview technique narrative interview technique is where you have them tell the story as you listen to the story you have to go into a very special mindset if you going to go into the mode of trying to detect deception you have to take on a certain mindset and that is you have to start looking for decep and ignoring everything that may be true right. You have to start ignoring everything you have to stop you have to look. For the points that don't match and you have to keep that you have to keep that mindset throughout the story or throughout the the process it can be very energetically taxing okay.

10 attractors that will actually count against you and. Psychopaths narcissists dark. Triad personalities as we like to call them they do this all the time. This.

Is. How. They succeed bad does bad often looks good. So when.

I say people don't believe story lies because they have to they believe them because they want to this is how it works right. Story and narrative will cause your brain to sink. Up when somebody goes into a long elaborate story your brain goes to into a hypnotic. State okay.

So if you are going to engage in the process of telling lies are not telling lies. But although we do that for a living whether you realize it or not. Freudian slip there uh you have to shift your state you have to become uh deception oriented you have to look. For it okay.

Because if you start agreeing with their narratives if you start buying in to what's going on best analogy. I can give you anybody here ever have to write something show hands okay. Can we get more chairs for these wonderful people uh it's what it's already oh okay. Great um how many people ever ever edited read read written something edited it thought it was good put it away came back found all this you missed you ever notice that it's because your brain fills in all the stuff that it's supposed to be there it autocorrects.

So unless you edit the document you've written differently than the way you wrote it your brain will fill in all the good stuff it's the same process when we try to detect lies if you don't have the mindset of becoming a detection a deception. Blood. Hound if you don't operate from the presupposition that they're probably lying. Then you'll probably get sucked in and miss a lot of stuff now that being said even the best trained people in the world only have about a 60% hit rate sometimes not even that when it comes to detecting deception okay.

This brings us to the study of what we call kinesics kinesics is a study of body language uh which we're going to be doing a big class on that um that word down can you sure back when. I was in college um. I was you guys know. I'm a lifelong martial artist right.

I don't have to spend 20 minutes giving you my curriculum. V. Tha right. Um at one point in my life.

I said okay. I want to continue to study these things. But. I also need a day job in case the.

I want to do doesn't kind pan out. So. I started looking at where my interests really lie and where could. I make money and and and earn a good living doing the things.

I love to do and. I looked at and. I. I went.

I was in. Community. College at the time. I was looking at uh police or criminal justice.

I wanted to be you know. Prof fire like. Quincy you guys remember. Quincy if you do you're old like me all right.

How about. CSI. Criminal. Mind that kind of that's that was my thing that's it's it's still a thing for me.

I. I just geek out on it right. Um. But.

I was also very interested in martial arts and the martial arts. I deal with. Focus specifically on to manipulate the energy points and the acupuncture meridians of the body. So.

I wanted to be able to play in that field and research more on energetics. So. I got to this crossroads right. I'm studying.

I'm doal measuring. I'm doing minoring at the time minor in criminal justice. U minor in uh premat whatever because. I wasn't sure which direction.

I wanted to go and. So. I looked at um criminal justice. I looked at how much they make their stress level their life expectancy and promptly chose.

Healthcare right. Um. So. But.

I never lost my passion for this now that coupled with the fact that. I was the classic bullied kid growing up. I was blessed with a very sensitive nervous system bad hygiene and poor social skills and a desperate desire to be liked put that together right. I usually found.

I usually found myself either telling or at the target of some very vicious lies. I became very very traumatized by that not to the degree that. I was debilitated. But.

I can't. I became very hypervigilant. I became very always trying to figure out what people are doing and what are their motives and what are they going to do. Next little did.

I know that what turned into what started as a defense mechanism would become a career. So. I'm you know by professionally paranoid right. When we start to study body language we and whether we're doing this in terms of understanding how people are attracted we'll show you the body language of.

Attraction. So that you can speedread couples and what degree of intimacy they're in from a distance we're going to do that either in uh speed attraction tomorrow or people reading for. Fun and. Profit uh on.

Sunday there will. ALS yes. There will also be a large component of face reading. So.

I. I know you guys hate that right. Cuz um it's been another passion of mine. First thing you got to understand no.

Single body language cue indicates deception you must look. For changes in body language in a timely window in other words within a 3 to 5c window either before after the words. Finally you must look. For clusters.

So. First no. Single clue or no. Single trait indicates deception unless you're a lawyer in which case your mouth is moving it's over right.

Hypnotist we're probably up to something you know um timeliness. Third clusters clusters is the big one in order to determine clusters and deviation you have to have what we commonly refer to as the. Baseline in other words if you don't have a measurement of what this person is like normally how they are on a daytoday basis you have now. Foundation to calculate deviants right.

The highest best trained people in the world are 60% accurate mostly because they videotape all of their interactions and they watch them over and over and over again in that state looking for the discrepancies now there's a gentleman by the name of. Dr. Paul. Ekman.

I'm a huge fan of. Dr ekman's work um very very complimentary to the. Chinese face reading stuff that we do they're just in two different directions. Chinese face in in in.

Dr ekman's work he he discovered a phenomenon known as micro. Expressions these are momentary flashes of change in the facial muscles that indicate when we're trying to control an emotion. So many times when people like and you'll learn to look. For these as time goes on there one of the most important ones with.

Psychopaths and sociopaths specifically is something called duping. Delight duping. Delight is this little joy that we all get when we pull off a lie you know we got someone right. But what happens is they try to mask it and.

So you'll see this little fraction of a. Second upturn if someone is telling you about the worst case the most horrible tragedy in their life and they're smiling that's one right. As a hypnotist be aware of that be aware of that that's an incongruent body language indicator which means there's probably a deep well that's going to come up if you can get them to to that space does that make sense two things. Baseline clusters cluster is any two or more body language cues happening within a a timely period once you've established the.

Baseline. So if you're talking to somebody and they are normally you know just kind of open right. And. Then you say something and this happens.

H let me think about that right. How many how many changes did. I just have hands crossed. I shifted back.

I touched my face and. I looked away flag that's a cluster right. The word you use that one things this sorry oh micro. Expressions no.

Oh you mean that duping delay could well duping delay is is a kind of micro expression that duping. Delight you can yeah um you'll see this in a lot of people who. First of all sociopaths narcissists they all think they're smarter than everybody else right. They they believe that if you're not smart enough to catch it you deserve to have it oh yeah yeah.

I've been. I've been playing a lot. I've been swimming in that pool for a while that's why. I'm a little bit you know humble yeah what's number two number two is timeliness uh how many people here are old enough to remember a guy named.

Richard. Nixon if you don't. Google him. God we have.

So many. Millennials now there's a there's a particular speech you guys might remember. I. I'll do one it's a little more timely in a minute just thinks.

I am not a crook. Right. Now that's a timeliness issue because if to make it more legitimate he was say. I am not a crook.

Actually shouldn't have done that either. But he that. Water. Gate bastards.

Anyway. So to make it more congruent. I am not. I shouldn't have crossed his arms at all.

I am not a crook. Right. But he didn't if you if you go and you watch this the scene you listen to the timing goes. I am not a crook.

The timing's off right. But in order to calculate that you have to know who what they're like normally what they're like normally all deception indicators are actually indicators of stress they're indicators of building aous a arousal building in the body. So once you know someone's normal stress level and you have a baseline you know what they're like normally he. I now you have the place to start what you're going to look.

For now are stress indicators you're going to look. For them in clusters within a 3 to 5c window on either side okay. Pay attention to how how animated a person is one of the. First thing.

I. I was. I had a whole list of things that. I was going to share with you called the.

Hansen 15 it disappeared some some narcissist took. It right. So. I'm just going to wing it.

First one you want to look. For is what we call the freeze okay. So someone's talking they're like like um can. I use you.

Holly for a. Second right. Can you pretend to be my wife you nothing like my. Chinese wife.

But that's okay. Right. So and um maybe. I.

I. I'm. I'm going to be the husband and. I was out late doing something naughty you don't know that you're just asking where.

I've been right. And. I'm. I'm going to be like my normal self and.

I just. I'm going to make it really big and obvious for you is that okay. Okay. Hi honey where you been you're late what you don't usually work this late what's going on a yeah all kinds of.

I'm telling you the boss was a we got this. Last minute client you wouldn't believe it [Music] thank you now that's one and done that's one cluster that's one situation now what you want to do is you want to oscillate you want to go back to something non-threatening if you get a response that elist is defensiveness deflection a massive body language shift similar to what you and by the way once you know what to look. For you'll see this everywhere everywhere remember it does not mean they're lying it means they're stressing out more than they were a minute ago all deception indicators are stress indicators positive or negative right. Attraction is a stressor right.

When how many guys have noticed that when women are really attracted to a guy and they're around someone they really like they kind of do this right. They start touching them you know various parts they start groomy these are all um relax what's the word. I'm looking for soothers yeah they're they're things self- pacifying gestures people they that they do to calm themselves down when they're experiencing levels of arousal now also again this is a deep well. I don't have a lot of time.

I'm just going to blap it on you if you want to keep following me around to all the trainings you'll get more cohesive stuff um. So there's this other phenomena called a fellow's error or a fellow's flaw depending on which you pull from and that is where when when in the presence of something that stresses you out people start going they they have very very uh exaggerated stress responses to the point where they often come across as deceptive when they aren't if you remember the. Shakespearean play. AOW right.

When um. AOW confronted. Desdemona she got got all crazy he thought she was lying boom bad idea again three things that can happen stressers no. Deception nothing is a deception indicator look.

For look. For the freeze this is the big one if they're talking like this she. Holly says something they go what do you mean what you talking about right. They literally freeze that's the big one that.

TSA looks for when you bring someone in and you start to uh interrogate them if they're normally animated very outgoing and all of a sudden they just stop big flag okay. Look. For self soothing gestures look. For people by the way it's a it's a myth that.

Liars can't make eye contact only bad ones can't do that liar can't. Liars can't hold eye contact they hold it very well okay. Because we all know that the. First place people are going to look.

Is in the face right. So that's the. First place we learn to control except for the micro. Expressions the micro.

Expressions sneak out because we can't consciously control all that emotion percolating beneath the surface right. Typically there are three kinds of lies lies of falsification lies of omission lies of influence okay. The book. You want to re refer to for that is called spy the.

LIE spy the. LIE there's a there's a companion book. To that which. I haven't gotten through completely yet which.

I think is also pretty good it's called get the truth you see once you've discovered deception or the possibility of it now you got to make a decision how far down that rabbit hole do you want to go because if you pursue it the. Dynamics of your relationship will change. I find it much more useful to detect deception and just watch what people do being prepared than just calling them on it because you burn a lot of bridges that way does that make sense another thing. I don't have a chair.

So. I can't show you some things one oh there it is okay. One of the things you want to look. For when people start to um lie is crossing gestures specifically uh there was one.

I was taught to look. For in kinesics it's called the triple cross. So they'll cross their legs they'll cross their arms maybe they'll cross their fingers right. And.

Then they'll. Shield themselves remember the human brain moves towards pleasure and away from. Pain most of us don't get joy out of lying it it stresses us out we move away from it. So can.

I use you again. Holly. So when when we had. Holly up here one of the.

First things that happened was the minute. I found my. I was in this normal conver hey honey how you doing blah blah blah she said something and postural shift it won't always be a full step what you want to look. For when you start to decipher body language is the postural sway and their ventral orientation how close is the center line of their body to the center line of their body the closer it is the more intimate that relationship is the more trusting that relationship is if hly and.

I are in an argument. I'm going to start to do this. I'm going to start to to change proximity and move away right. So vental orientation if we're sitting in a bar you see that you you go to the bar watch this people who are sitting.

Next to each other and or into each other their proximity starts to change and they start to do this right. Um when people are not sure maybe they're stuck in close proximity to somebody. But they don't know them they'll engage in what we call blocking mechanisms they may have to orient towards that person. But they'll put a barrier they'll they'll put an arm here as opposed to here you understand the difference.

So when you watch for these things look. For blocking gestures blocking gestures if they bring if if you're in the middle of a deep interrogation type process they start bringing. God into it warning they start bringing. God into it my my thank you.

T give her another big round. I'm just picking on her they start bringing. God into it my instructor used to say. Danny.

Johnson used to say they're lying to you yeah had that good old southern boy acent they're lying to you right. So look. For blocking gestures look. For soothers in other words if they touch their face if they rub especially their nose they tend to rub their nose a people tend to when they lie they tend to touch their nose a lot of course they could also have allergies right.

Um watch their blink rate and their and how they squint when when. PE again remember these are all individual traits and charact the. Lexicon is longer than. I can name if you don't have a baseline you have no.

Place to start. So the. Baseline is always going to be what is their normal speed at which they speak how is their. Norm what is their normal posture how close do they normally stand to you if.

I can get a baseline of their pupil size that's where. I like to play remember one of the there's maybe a a fraction of the people on the planet who can do anything even remotely controlling their pupil dilation. So when the way it works is when people see you and they like you or anything they like for that matter their pupils dilate okay. When they're distancing or analyzing or criticizing or cogna in some way they shrink it's a fight.

ORF flight response okay. The only two times that pupils really dilate is when you're extremely attracted or stoned or you're terrified. So if you're work if you're talking to someone male female doesn't matter. I'm from.

California it kind of goes. Every. Which. Way.

But. Loose right. And the pupils are really big. First thing you do is look.

At their feet if there's no. No. Puddle they're attracted. But we want to look.

At their feet. Anyway why because the feet are the one thing is are the body part we pay the least amount of attention too. So if. I'm engaged in a conversation.

I'll pick on somebody else. I'll pick on with this lady here. So we're talking and we're doing this thing and she's starting to we're starting to get into a topic that. I find to uncom can you all see me okay.

Um sorry well come on over come a little bit close to your. Anyway if. I'm starting to feel uncomfortable. First.

I'll start to posturally shift away my feet may start doing this if. I don't know if you can see see how my feet are starting to angle away all right. So if. I'm standing um can.

I use you. I'll use you right. Pretend you're a hot woman come on up that's better. I like him already.

I'm from. California. Anyway. So one of the things that's taught in uh the the old school pickup in introduction worlds is what we commonly referred to as the false time constraint false time constraint okay.

If you walk up say. I only got a minute. I just want to ask you a quick question they stop keeping time. So literally if he's if this is a hot chick standing at a bar right.

I walk by hey hey uh look. I. I. I only got a minute.

But. I was walk sorry hash me too right. Anyway. I only got a minute.

I was curious um have you ever been here before no. First time okay. I'm curious um. I'm um.

I just noticed you had a really really nice energy are you do you some kind of physical activity you a dancer a model something like that yeah okay. Excellent right. So now. First.

I grabbed his boob that was good. I did. But now notice what. I did here it as.

I walked by. I noticed and. Then. I like oh hey look.

At my feet see how. I'm half in half out he doesn't consciously see that. But his proceptive system his motor neurons it picks it up. So as.

I'm talking it looks like. I'm just going to ask a question and leave. But now. I'm going to open them with an opinion or something like that and you can just launch into a three magic question question protocol you can go into some of the storytelling stuff we got opinion openers whatever because it creates they stop keeping time whereas if.

I just walked up and started talking they'd be like right. Get away from me right. Thanks a big round of applause okay. So get a baseline look.

For clusters and a cluster is any two or more body language characteristics that shift in a within a 3 to 5c window now you want to look. For are they consistent you bring them you talk about something that may provoke them you calibrate the change talk about something non-threatening something different see if they go back if they go back circle around ask again in a different way notice what changes right. Wash rinse repeat ask a question calibrate the response. Circle back wash.

Rin repeat if every time you approach that subject you get a consistent shift from the from the. Baseline they may or may not be the exact same things they usually are or similar too it's amazing how consistent people are with their gestures which by the way if in case you didn't know gestures are the language we had before we learned we evolved speech as human beings it's primary to every other communic ation system that you have. So when people talk about their being a technical term specialized hypnotic influence techniques you of as a therapist especially you'll often hear people say you know. I got this block and.

I just can't figure out what it is or where it is if. I could figure out where it was. I could do something about it. But.

I just can't figure out where it's at right. Or some or sometimes you'll see this. I got this problem and. I just can't figure it out well they just told you on a subliminal neurological level where around them that information is stored and what direction it's moving to maintain itself how many people are familiar with the spinning technique.

I teach if all you did was have them grab it spin it the opposite way their would go away literally yeah many times don't believe me find a human in their natural habitat and spin that away and if you have if you have them become aware of it turn it into a color physically reach out and spin it the other way gets even stronger right. Those of you who've been through any of our classes you guys know happens how many people came came to personality transformation yesterday. Last three weeks you guys got coming up hell yeah systems purging right. How we doing on time okay.

Baseline clusters provoke relax provoke again look. For shifts in posture either towards or away from look. For deviations in your. Baseline if you can calibrate pupil dilation if they lie or they're trying to make something up or something come up with something cool to say the.

First thing will happen aside from the nlpi accessing cues is their pupils will tend to shrink. I call it the pupil dance you'll literally see people going boing boing boing boing boing depending on where they're at in that. Continuum of of emotion right. Remember deception or deception indicators are really leakages of emotional stress that we can't physically manage or consciously or manage with our neocortex your conscious mind of the three parts of your brain your reptile brain your limic system your your neocortex the neocortex is the 2-year-old of the system it's the one that yells the least and has the least capabilities it's the least informed and the.

Last to know when we start looking for deception indicators what looking for are the pieces that the conscious mind couldn't manage effectively okay. They're in congruent they're out of proportion to the rest of the system. But we got to know what the. Baseline of that system is also look.

For crosses anytime people start. Crossing themselves whether it's the legs the legs will often give you the best most accurate information because one of the things that happens is if they can't if a person cannot physically move all of them away they will move a part away. So if. I'm sitting here and my feet are nice and flat on the floor this may happen all.

I'm doing if if these are my legs and this is the stool all that happens is this. I just move my feet backwards okay. Again small things together indicate arousal arousal is usually an indicator of potential deception. I keep using that word because.

I need you to understand as as far as. I can tell as far as polygraphers can tell there is no. Single trait that indicates deception right. Going back to this how about editing old editors how many people here know the old editor trick that if you want to find uh if you want to find all your more errors start from the be the back and work.

Liars cannot tell their story out of sequence they generally can't unless they've really really rehearsed it which most people just don't they can't start in one. Place backtrack go to another place and be consistent in their cues. So it's called narrative interview technique okay. Cycle back through of the three categories of.

Lies the most challenging to catch are what we call lies of influence lies of influence are lies of perception their ways their their their attempts to distract you or move the direction of the conversation towards something other than the lie. So a common lie of influence might be you ask your husband or your wife have you been cheating on me an honest person will say no. I'm not cheating on you right. Pardon my.

French not really right. But someone who's participating in a lie of deflection might say honey you know. I don't believe in things like that right. S if if you weren't looking for the discrepancy you might miss that and assume it was a denial.

But it isn't somebody woman has a big. Rich flat maid comes in for 20 years cleans the house one day she comes home her favorite bracelet is gone she calls the cops cops come in they start interviewing everybody they pull up the ma they they bring up the maid they ask the maid did you take this lady's bracelet. I have been her maid for 20 years. I'm retiring a month how why would.

I ever do such a thing she took. It right. Look. For deflections look.

For deviations from the conversation that go to the person's character rather than the act or the behavior you're asking them about does that make sense and be ready pay attention pay attention. Okay. Um look. For tapping gestures again these are all stress indicators things that um.

May indicate stress uh what's one of my favorite ones oh non-f fluencies if you're paying attention to a person's voice quality does their pitch go up does their voice speed up do they start getting inconsistent in their delivery and consistency is actually goes to a. Channel of communication we call. Honest signals uh based on the research by. Alexander penin over at.

Stanford he discovered four distinct channels of non-verbal communication that happen in socially competitive groups one of which is consistency consistency is actually on a. Continuum with variability um. I still don't have a that's all right. I'll just do this this is why.

I always carry a spare and by the way how many people here would actually like to to make more money doing public speaking and booking more clients and things like that okay. Pay attention one of the honest signals. I'm talking about which goes directly to this this these non-f fluencies these inconsistencies in a person's speech pattern is an honest signal known as consistency and variability and the book. Is called honest signals by.

Sandy pendland there's a companion. I recommend you pick up called. Power cues by. Nick.

Morgan excellent way to um actually apply some of these things consistency is how smoothly and fluidly we can deliver a process or a program or a teaching it goes directly to the amount of credibility we have in people when we teach we want to have a high level of consistency in how we speak we don't want to have high you know really squeaky voice really low voice in irregular pauses that makes us more inconsistent the more consistent we are the more credibility we have the more people tend to do what we say. So for leadership applications sales well not maybe coaching applications specifically teaching applications you want a high level of variability or. Not. Sorry consistency see how consistent.

I am right. In in your presentation the other end of the scale is what we call um variability now obviously this is the bad stuff there's this happy medium the further along the. Continuum you go the more changeable you come across as being the more open you seem to out external direction right. At the total at the far end of the scale someone who's extremely.

V consistent which is where we start to see our deception indicators ums s a's uh pauses. High squeaky voice where they used to talk like very white you know right. These are what we look. For changes in the.

Baseline changes in their posture changes in their orientation do they go from an open posture to a closed posture do their pupils dilate. Baseline. Baseline. Baseline if you're going to start on this process that's where you you got to start you got to pay attention you got to look.

Who's the person in front of you does their variability and consistency change when they speak when they present right. By the way most of the research that penin did was enlarge groups of people with the sound off and with these little devices they called soomets they were able to predict the decisions a group would make with 80% accuracy sometimes more with the 30. Second slice of the video monitoring these honest signals this is one of four we don't have time for all of them. But this is the one we want to look.

For most often when we're dealing with lie detection and deception okay. Uh let's put this over here now. I have 10 minutes left. I'm speaking really fast because.

I'm trying to get as much into you as humanly possible normally. I would have you all. Shake other's hand and give each other raspberries. But uh yeah some of us miss those things all right.

So what's the. First thing we look. Forine. Baseline.

Then what do we look. For and we look. For changes how clusters clusters if you can get training in micro. Expressions great you can go to.

Doc uh. Paul. Ekman there's a he has a training program uh. Mike.

Mandel is going to be doing a a whole course on hypnos. Hypno. Graphology for hypnotists the traits of deception tend to show up in handwriting just an idea unfortunately nobody writes anymore we all type right. My handwriting analysis stuff was based on cursive.

So. I'm right. But uh graph analysis is one of the most powerful skills. I ever learned until.

I learn and once. I learned face reading everything made sense. I saw the. Matrix there's a lot of direct correlations between what goes on in your handwriting and how your face develops micro expressions are things you do in the moment when you're trying to suppress that momentary emotion okay.

Face reading. Chinese from the. Chinese side is the consequence of a lifetime of micro expressions and events in your life. So they're very complimentary look.

For people trying watch their faces. Last watch their posture watch their orientation watch how they they self soothe right. They touch their nose they start scratching their nose they weren't scratching their nose before flag it okay. They start stumbling over their words it's usually because their stress level in their brain are in its sink okay.

I was a great example of that this morning because everything that could have gone wrong went wrong. I was like you know that you're just flustered. So. I said it this what.

I normally do. Anyway right. Um after a while you sto taking yourself. So seriously seriously uh couple some other things um did did you get all did you all get those little red notebooks by the way all right.

Those uh and there's a postcard that came with it you guys got that all right. So um get out those little red notebooks for me um where's my little red wagon oh that's all right. Couple of things that. I want to just cover with you guys before.

I turn you set you off into the void um those are my gift to you for you to take little notes or whatever. But. I'd like you to take out one piece of paper and uh. I'd write.

I'd like you to write your name number and email on it. I know 5 minutes thank you and on once that's done uh. I'd like you to pass it to the center aisle and as you do that. I'm going to explain why how many people have ever seen this particular notebook.

If you've been to the. Hypno. Thoughts the. Last two or three years you may have seen them raffling these off during the uh the session right.

What this is is my product catalog and my course my my live training calendar for 2018 2019 in this book. At the back of the book. Is a pro is a is a package called the. Mondo supro.

I. Want. It. All package what that is is any two.

Live. Events with me anytime in the future two fulllength video training courses each are valued at around 1,500 bucks each the trainings are around 00 each plus any five smaller digital video courses that. I have now. I'm not telling you this because.

I'm trying to sell it to you. I'm telling you this because each day they're going to be raffling off one of these for free you will can come train with me two trainings two full length video courses five videos for free. But there's more every day when. I teach.

I am going to be raffling off one of those packages for free and we're going to do it at the end of every training. So if you don't put your name in the. Hat you can't win anybody want to train with me for a while no. You.

Then. So. So you can take your your your slips pass them to the center aisle. Tina and.

Seth will come around and collect them uh right. At the two-minute. Mark we'll go ahead and uh and draw the names and we'll we'll award our winner okay. In the meantime while you're doing that.

I'm happy to take any questions that we have yes. Sweetie what was the. Second book. The signals.

Second book. The. Second book. Was called.

Power cubes by. Nick. Morgan yeah. I find sy's book.

Was very very good in in terms of the research and the what. Nick. Morgan's book. Is excellent in applying and making these things workable as a technique yes.

MH right. Up okay. But they weren't doing it any other time that's what in poker we tell there's something there are things that people consistently do when they lie poker players study this all the time the question was the question was. I had this he had this he had this gentleman was every time you tell a lot he'd do this right.

How could you tell he was lying right. We would call that a tell if if this were a poker training or something like that that's a tell it's a tell people people like. I said people's behaviors even when they deviate from their. Baseline are remarkably consistent where get a little bit more variation is when they start describing their issues right.

If somebody has a block it may be here if somebody has something they just never get around to it might be here right. But when they lie there's almost always a consistency to it question yeah um. I. Heard okay.

What you're talking and. I. I deliberately avoided that in this training. But since you asked.

NLP teaches us that people people ask different parts of their neurology through where they move their eyes. Now this is true right. This is true left from my perspective right. People always get that.

So tell you what let's do it this way no. We're going to do it my way. So this is the right. Side this is the left side if you take the eyes.

You divide them through the center you have the lateral quadrants you have. Downs here okay. To keep it really really simple up is visual when the eyes. Go up or sometimes they just kind of glaze off and go straight ahead they're accessing a visual modality okay.

If they shoot off to the left or to the right. You're usually accessing your auditory cortexes which by the way happens quite often when people are trying to rehearse what they're going to say in their head before it comes out you'll see them shoot their eyes. To the right. However you'll also see people who don't speak.

English as a native. Lang or who speak. English as a. Second language do this especially if they're still just learning cuz they're literally listening to what you said calibrating it figuring out what they're going to say.

Next and. Then shooting it out happens like that okay. Which is why you need to train okay. When.

I we could go really really far into the minutia of lie detection and things like that. But you don't have the. SK a lot of you don't have the skill sets the requisite sensory acuity to catch these things. But you can see the big stuff you can see the big stuff the shifts the turns the crosses you can hear the the changes in the voice you're not going to see the dilation of the left nostril as they as it as the as the right.

Side bless you're just not going to see it you you can train for it. But you're not going to see it this stuff you can see right. So start with those uh in body language people reading for. Fun and.

Profit we're going to show you how to speedread people from across the room you'll be able to tell who's into who who's not who's having it who isn't how close people are to doing the mating dance you stuff like that right. Anybody want to win something all right. Excellent feel like the great carac you tell who's the old people in the room pick one and if your name comes up we're going to talk right. Tim.

McNichol come on [Applause] down congratulations. Senor you're our. Next contestant all right. For you move on to that aw all right.

Either my watch is wrong or oh that's right. We only have till 10:50 don't we. I thought. I have till 10:00 damn it.

I had more stuff okay. Anyway on your on your lap excuse me ma'am excuse me yeah this is another gift. I have for you each and every one of you the only reason. I'm up here is because of you that narcissist and training.

But every year you guys come in you show love and when. I come to hyp no. Thoughts. I want to give that's that's what.

I'm here for people will tell you it's all. I want to do like you're welcome this is my way of saying thank you this is a gift card on the back is a coupon code htl 2018 if you go to my. NLP power.com website you can purchase any training or any video it's good for one transaction 60% off okay. 60% off it's my gift for you okay.

No. String cuz. I love all of you thank you all. So much for coming we'll see you tomorrow speed attraction uhhuh sure mhm what you say the other.
