Title: How To Reprogram Your Subconscious Mind - LIVE! NLP Energy Spirit and Beyond!
File Name: j79b2ygD5A0.txt
Video Id: j79b2ygD5A0
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j79b2ygD5A0

Dead stop halt to procrastination get rid of emotional pain suffering whatever. I'm your. Oso ostentation tongue. TI authenti and.

Oho egregious host. Dr. David. Sneider welcome.

NLP power has a long and illustrious history here in. San. Diego uh we've been doing meetups and events free to the public for the most part since 2009 right. Um we uh right.

Before. Co when. I was starting my doctorate in. Chinese medicine um.

I decided. I needed to step away from doing meetups for a while uh just because it was just too much. I had a wait. I wait.

Clinic my clinic had a waiting list six to eight months long getting to see me was literally like winning the lottery because they actually had to use a lottery system to figure out who is going to get in and the the the momentum we had built up uh with the meetups had it just wasn't stopping because we were taking that content we were uploading it to. YouTube and sharing it with the world and we were getting people from all over the world coming in and. So um me stuff. I to go back and get my doctorate in.

Chinese medicine um it was just too much between all the classes. I was teaching the client work and. So um. Then.

C hit and the whole world changed again and. So uh. I. I wasn't sure if.

I ever wanted to to reactivate these meetups. But uh about a year or. So ago we realized that uh people need to get out of their freaking houses and and if this will get even even a few people out and and back in and living life again rather than you know towering behind their computer monitor hoping the world will go away hey enisha come on in you know. Then.

Then that's that's something we need to do right. Plus it didn't help hurt that. I had. Associates who need need to see clients and clients who need.

Associates. So that's kind of what what this is about this is your chance to kind of sample the. Technologies and the approaches to get simple do-it-yourself answers to some of your most pressing problems and if you if the do-it-yourself approach isn't enough we show you where you can go for more. So my goal tonight is not to put client as much this will disappoint.

Moss you know my goal tonight is not to put clients in my clinic because most people can't afford me. Anyway um my goal is to make sure that you guys come away with something you can actually use that you have a great experience that you. Come. Away with something that you can use starting tonight to change your life and.

Then when you decide where you want to go. Next you know where to go right. It's really what it's about. I don't care if you if you can even spell hypnosis.

I don't care if you've been in the discipline 20 years or 20 minutes all. I really care about is that you have a good attitude and a sincere desire to do the drills and get the skills you don't have to believe a single thing that. I'm going to be sharing with you tonight all you have to do is have a playful let's see what happens at it ude do the drills and you'll be often amazed at what kind of power you truly have walked inside of you. I'm.

I. I've been doing this a long time and. I still have moments where. I just look.

At what just happened in front of me and say that shouldn't work. But it does because there's a there's a magic inside of us and that magic has a structure and it's learnable right. So we take baby steps right. Some people come in and looking for a home run and often you get them sometimes when you least expect it.

But if you can get if you can win the game on base hits is that okay. Right. To use my my manly. Marshall.

Sports metaphors right. So that being said. Michael what do you want to take home this week what do you want to learn okay. We'll get to that tomorrow all right.

So you launched a business can. I ask what that business is lunch money club that sounds interesting something my wife my daughter could probably use she's always forgetting hers uh. So tell me about your lunch money. Club what is that about.

GED you in a dream like. So many good things do it's a bu to help everybody involved okay. Can. Market with us for free and.

Then we give commissions and referrals and it's pretty cool with 500,000 businesses right. Now okay. Very cool. So when you say it's free lunch money or something like how does that work.

So lunch money. Club uhuh. I had a some health issues uhhuh and. I had problems answering questions closing on my sales job and.

So. I asked to support great to help people get five $6,000 a month okay. And. I woke up three in the morning.

I drove for nuts for six week because every morning. I wake up and. I would write for three to four hours excellent excellent okay. Good all right.

Anybody else have theisha came in late what do you want take okay. I. W to accomplish. I want to try out a new structure today a new structure yes.

Did you elaborate model what in the. NLP model a new structure in the. NLP model yeah what does that mean exact whatever goal you have um put that goal in a certain um in a form that works for you. So for some people uh around form works for somebody a baseball little ball works.

So see if you're attracted to the form because the content is in the form and if that form makes you move forward to your goal okay. And accomplish that it's it's an experiment. I want to do okay. So you want to experiment with people okay.

That's scary all right. Experiment with new format this should be an interesting uh get together it uh there's some basis to what you're talking about because a lot of times the vibrational fields that we use to encode our memories will often have even though they're built from the same structure if you guys for those of you who are not who are new you might not understand what this is this is my conceptualization of a memory or as. NLP likes to say an internal representation an internal representation is anything you do inside your head a thought a fantasy a. Daydream a phobia a trauma a nightmare a memory doesn't matter what the content of the story is think of them all printed on a.

DVD that has this structure to it you have the structure vibrational. Matrix that it's imprinted on you have five channels of information much like you'd have an audio. Channel. A.

Vis and a video channel and you might have other like. Transitions and other overlays and other channels that you would compress to form a finished video right. But in this case you have five which each one corresponds to a sense with each of those big channels are smaller distinctions that we make. So for example in the visual.

Channel we could take our video and make it black and white we could make it full color we could make it high depth we could make it 3D we could make it 2D correct now that's normal these are what we call qualitative differences or attributes and for most people it never really gets beyond that understanding. But your nervous system has a little bit more going on than just is it black and white versus color you see these qualitative distinctions which are sub to the modality right. This would be your modality or your channel and this would be subelements of that channel when all these things are combined it creates the movie which is the event content of your internal representation that internal representation or that event content could be your dream it could be you fantasizing about killing your 200 pound. P pain in the ass right.

It could be right. Because when you when you when you play that. DVD you don't think about whether it's in color or black and white when you represent it to yourself you don't think about if there's sound to it or not when you play it to yourself. But each of those things that you don't think about while you're focusing on what's at the center tell you exactly how or tells your body how to represent that experience for you.

So you can relate to it for example everybody put your feet flat on the floor. I want you to close your eyes. Uncross your hands. I want you to think of something that makes you feel really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really good not that one yeah y'all went there didn't you all right.

I'm not. I'm not the pleasure police. I'm not. GNA ask.

But. I want you to think about that thing that gives you intense pleasure intense. Joy uncross your arms guys the front row uncross your arms they're deep in trans. CR has harsh on.

Cross. Your. Arms here we go okay. Now close your eyes.

Bring up the picture as you look. At the picture if it was floating somewhere in the space around you and you could reach out and touch it take one of your hands. Reach. Out.

And. Touch the picture. First impression. Reach.

Out touch the picture that's right. Go with your. First impression excellent now. I want you to notice that there's a feeling in your body connected to that picture take your other hand and point to where in your body you feel that now you've just created a sematic bridge and.

I want you to take both of your hand hands trace the outline of that picture. So you know how big it is perfect guys are doing great now grab the edges of it like you would your iPhone and make the window really big don't slug each other in the face notice what happens to the feelings in your body as you make the picture bigger do they get stronger or do they get weaker doesn't matter what they do just know that they do it now bring it back to its original size now with the picture being staying exactly the the same size slowly pull it closer to your body and notice what happens to the intensity of the feeling does it get stronger or does it get weaker and now just for fun. I want you to grab the edges of that sucker and. I want you to move it around and.

I want you to notice that every time you move that picture around the feelings and the quality of the feelings change make it bigger make it smaller move it up move it down move it in your body move it out notice how every time you move that picture around the feelings the intensity and the quality of those feelings change too and. I want you to keep playing with that until you find the exact size shape and location that gives you the exact feeling you want to have at the exact feeling level you want to have it and when you find that sweet spot. I want you to just fix it into place notice how the feelings in your body shift and changes with. Every.

Breath. You. Take into. Every.

Beat of your heart that energy flows from the picture to your body from your body to your heart from your heart to your bloodstream and every place that blood flows those feelings go into every nerve into every cell into every atom into the very. DNA of those cells transforming reprogramming turning each and every cell of your body into a powerful. Perpetual pleasure. Factor each cell of your body generating more and more and more of those amazing feelings in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply there's no. Need to measure it or manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done locked in test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing open your eyes. There what how good you feel.

Hallelujah. Hallelujah right. What did you notice what happened when you reached out and found a there's a picture there all of a sudden wasn't there right. Then you.

Then there was a spot where you felt feelings when you the moment you you you use both of your hands to touch where you feel the feelings and the picture is located you create different parts of your brain in a specific way that causes aesthesia technical term where you see what you feel you feel what you see. But you've also connected the inside part of your nervous system to the out part of the outer part of your nervous system and. So you're creating multiple. Pathways into the same in information now.

Nisha was talking about how sometimes the the goals that we set for ourselves or the intentions that we set sometimes they'll work better in something round or something square and what happens many times is depending on the the content even though they're all if you were to parse it down to ingredients this is what you would find this can take any shap shape a lot of times when people have experienced betrayal this will look. Like a dagger it still has these components. But it's shaped like a dagger a lot of people when you start spinning and playing with the colors color breathing and stuff and they take that energy out it's a c and. I asked him to trace the outlet it's a circle or it's a puddle of goo or whatever right.

But the shape that the nervous system chooses also has meaning the fact that we can't access that meaning consciously doesn't mean there isn't one and if we understand how to talk to the nervous system properly and we understand how to decode what it's trying to tell us. Then we can do a lot of our own change work. I said a lot not all because sometimes in order for us to change we have to go meta to something what does that mean to go meta means to go outside of or above or. Beyond right.

So for example let's play another again let's everybody stand up for this one. So for this one we're going to get a little bit more challenging right. Well actually we'll do the easy one. First.

I want you to close your eyes. And become aware of being in your body become you know become aware of the weight on your feet become the weight aware of the knees on the weight of your feet the the knees over the ankles over the weight over the feet the hips over the knees and just follow the joints from the top of your head to the tips of your toes and just become aware of everything inside and really feel it really become aware of all the sensations all the movements all the the little twitches and things just be really present in your body and when you've got that just nod your head to let me know perfect now. I want you to use that amazing imagination of yours that. I know that you have.

I want you imagine that you could take one gigantic step to the left of your physical body and step out with your energy body or your or your. IM yourself stepping out of yourself and look. At and and if you're standing to the left of your body look. To your right.

From that perspective and look. At your physical body and notice how the sensations have changed from you looking at yourself versus being inside now imagine that you could step that this part of you that's looking at your physical body imagine you could step out of that almost like an onion you're actually stepping out of yourself and you're looking at yourself looking at yourself and notice how that's different and. Then just for fun. Imagine you could step out of yourself one more time.

But now. I want you to step all the way to the back of the room and look. At yourself from the back of the room looking looking at yourself looking at yourself looking at your physical body and notice how different that is and when you've got that nod your head to let me perfect now just step in and step in and step in and step in until you're back in you're fully into your body and when you got that open your eyes. Look.

Okay. Excellent what was that like weird huh right. What's funny is. I.

I won't do this. But. I. I do this in my hypnosis classes when people step out of their body like two or three times as they're doing that.

I'll just walk up and. I'll just start twisting skin and they don't feel it right. If you have any kind of fear or phobia this is a great way in in a for a short period of time to neutralize the phobia because the more times you step out of your body mentally the more you begin to put filters and barriers between the sensations in your body does that make sense and this is a form of what we call dissociation dissociation is one of the ways that we can go meta to an experience because when we're locked in our body guys can have a. SE give yourself out of.

Applause you did good all right. When we're locked in our body with very few exceptions it's very hard to change what's going on right. And. So one of the things that's very useful to do is the ability to step out create a change and.

Then step back in which is what we're going to do. Next just for fun okay. Could you guys discern the distinct difference between stepping out and stepping out stepping out versus being fully in perfect because this is something that all human beings do naturally most never realize it's actually a faculty just like breathing or singing or or whatever that you can learn and get really really good at most. First.

Responders do this automatically because they're. So inundated with high stress responses and things like that the problem is their training tends to only go one way. So they become very dissociated. But they can never get back in and the problem is is that the trauma stays locked in the body until it builds up to a point where they can't dissociate enough from it and the structure kind of breaks.

So. I spend a lot of time cleaning up people who spend a lot of time diss iated. But don't know how to go back right. So one of the things.

I'm going to share with you is a really powerful technique it's super simple. I mean. I can't believe how simple it is. But to explain it took.

Like three books like one of my currently using as a door stop because. I couldn't get past the introduction right. So. But this is called meta spinning right.

So here's what we're going to do. I want youall to pick something that bothers you now all of you just went to the. Godzilla level stuff in your life. I get that that's not what we're doing okay.

Because we want to train you to do this we want you to be a see because if you pick something that's too strong it will overwhelm your cognitive faculties and you won't be able to maintain the right. Kind of control over the process. So what we're going to do is something called bucket listing and we're going to do it in a very very small level we're going to pick the things that uh on a scale of. Z well 10 zero to 10 is good right.

So 10 being the worst stuff ever and. Then zero being nothing not relevant at all. So we want something that's between a one and a three somewhere down on this level right. So if.

I went if that like say. I was driving here and somebody cut me off or took. My parking space now for some of you that would be like a 12 right. That would be me right.

Because. I'm a rage junkie right. But something that has that level of it's like done like it's an annoyance. But yeah whatever right.

I want you to. Pi get out a piece of paper write down two or three things two or three things that that fit within the one to three range no. Godzilla is allowed right. And the reason.

I'm being very. I'm gonna keep coming back to this idea is because the way your nervous system has evolved it will always go for. Godzilla. First it will always go for.

Godzilla. First which is fine if you're doing therapy with somebody else who is trained and understands the process. But if you're trying to do this work on your own which a lot of people who come to these meetups that's what they're they're here for the. DIY you can't do self work the same way you do one-on-one work with a therapist or as a therapist because the inherent bias of your nervous system to go for this over this will overwhelm you every time.

So you have to train to fix your own stuff differently notice. I said the word train we're using all the same elements in building blocks that a therapist like me would use if you came to my clinic right. The difference is you're going to be driving and being the passenger at the same time and if you want to be able to have a high level of success you have to make it easy. First how many people have ever played this thing called ever heard these things called video games or this thing called.

Dungeons and. Dragons like you remember the original. Dungeons and. Dragons came in a little box like the entire manual would fit in a glove compartment right.

Well back in those games you had this thing called experience points you guys know what. I mean when. I talk about experience points okay. So you play video games right.

Right. What kind of what kind of video games you like to play what. Counter. Strike.

So does that have. First person opportunities where you can go in yeah he he's the gamer dude back here. So you know that you have. First level characters and.

Second level characters and. Third level characters you ever been on these massive multiplayer platforms where you got like 27,000 people logging into the same world right. What happens when the level one character wanders into the level 20 playing area it doesn't work it doesn't end well for the level one character right. That's the exact same thing that happens metaphorically speaking when you take a level one self-improvement technique and throw it into a level 20 monster area you go into overwhelm your unconscious mind your autonomic nervous system does not sort for what for the better choice at least not the way you think it does your unconscious mind sorts for what's familiar.

So chances are if you have something that's hanging out at a level 10 it's been around for a while right. Which means the nerves the neural circuits that run that are super developed there's a lot of juice flowing through those things. But the the neural circuit that has the self-help technique you're going to use you've known maybe 10 minutes. So what do you think happens when the level one circuit attacks the level 20 circuit it doesn't end well for the level one circuit right.

Why because the unconscious mind has been doing this for a long time it's been running that. DVD forever. So it's got lots of practice and because your unconscious mind always sorts for what's familiar regardless of how illogical it may seem it will sort for the thing you've done the longest. First and choose to do that because your system is designed around conservation of effort it's easier to be traumatized than it is to fix it because you've done it.

So many times you're really good at it you're super efficient at it. I didn't make the rules. I just report them right. It should not be this way right.

And actually there's ways to circumvent this. But most people aren't willing to do it um. So when we train and we start to work on our own stuff we got to flip the script on that we've got to fight a level one two or three problem and hit it with level one two or three skill level technique until we've done what just like in the in the video games you you take out enough stuff eventually what happen you gain experience points right. And.

Then what happens your level one character becomes a level two character now you can now you're tougher you can take on more stuff that's how you train for this right. You have it's called we call it bucket listing right. Because you basically brain dump everything that you want to clear and by the way. I don't really care if it's a physical mental or emotional issue because your brain creates them the same way way.

I've seen tumor shrink in 90 minutes using this stuff through. Zoom it's insane what what can happen now. I'm not saying it's going to be that way for everybody. But you don't have to believe it you just got to do it if you connect all the ingredients the different divisions of your nervous system which you don't need to know about every single thing to be able to do this and that's why.

I'm not going to tell you everything that's going on. I could do a five-day seminar on just the neuroscience and the energetics that's behind what we're doing. But you don't need to do that to fix stu okay. So.

But the. First thing we have to do is we have to build up a history of success with a technique that your nervous system can relate to an access or other things. So we pick one to three things that are somewhere between an intensity level of one two or three and we write those out and those are the things we're going to play with. First that make sense okay.

So when everybody's got that just raise your hands nod your heads excellent very good okay. So. First thing we're going to do look. At the.

First one on your list and. Then stand up and. I may have you do something. I don't normally have people do um at least with this technique.

But. I think it might help you guys. So you won't know the difference. Anyway.

But it'll still work. But we you to close your eyes. I want you to think of that thing on your the top. First thing on your list that you want to change and notice that there's a place in your body where the feelings and the reason behind those feelings are stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel that go with your.

First impression that's right. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings what color colors might that be for you. First impression again whatever comes up. First whether no.

Matter how logical or. Ral weird it sounds that's the right. Answer right. If you get rainbow unicorns that's okay.

Perfect now here's what. I want you to do a scale of 0 to 10 rate the intensity of that feeling is it the same level when you access it here as it was when it was on your sheet if it's still within a three or four levels of of of work. Then that's fine now step out and look. At yourself touching yourself in those spots and looking at those colors and.

Then step out again and keep stepping out until there's absolutely zero feeling left from your perspective when you got that. I want you to look. At that body and think to yourself what does that body need to change that to what you want instead. First impression what do you have to add to that right.

You need to to dissolve something do you need to add something what is it what does it me whatever that is. First impression imagine now you could reach over with your infinite number of hands and pour that ingredient into the physical body until it's exactly the amount you need to make a change now remember we're several several levels out. So you don't know what it's going to be like till you step back in when you got that and you know it's enough sprinkle it in pour it in drive it in you know and. Then begin to step back into your bodies until you're back into your physical body and when you're fully in your physical body open your eyes.

And notice what's. Chang my microp. Michael have. Michael you have this cooky look.

On your face what just happened. I was dealing with. Road rpes uhuh and it was black uhuh and now and now how about you she's got. I don't what the just happened to me she's that.

I know that face uhuh [Music] uhhuh and now how yellow feel better is there something we could have to make it even better okay. Well go ahead and step back out go ahead step back out look. At the yellow look. At all the good colors several several layers back and what else would you need to add to make that even better and it doesn't have to be a color it could be an attribute it could be an experience it could be a memory whatever you want everything's allowed whatever you don't have to tell me what it is.

But when you know what it is just keep pouring it in and when you know it's enough or when you want to test if it's enough just step back in and notice how things have changed see the look. On her face is that a good thing it's not a bad thing give her a big round of applause you don't have to believe it you just have to do how about you what happened okay. We'll talk to harsh what happened green yellow and orange and you guys can have a. SE something.

I tried stepping out after two three times. I was not able to step on okay. So you got out two or three times and that's that was your limit and that's fine everybody's. GNA have those.

I was tring to my didn't tell me proper food oh. Taco. Bell didn't tell you proper food okay. We should go kill him that's hate speech.

I can't say that on. YouTube. I think he was not happy he wasn't happy. So all of a sudden your your attitude about him changed didn't it yeah perfect did you do that yeah and how'd that make you feel like.

I could color change. But. I happy that. I could big and go give him a big round of applause have a seat scale of 0 to 10 rate the any remaining feelings if negative or positive would you say you felt good see all you did was step out look.

At the body say okay. This is what's going on this is what it needs pour it in when it's enough step in and test it boom instant change you've had this ability your entire life entire life right. And we have and we do it automatically in certain instances. But nobody taught us it was something we could develop and use and refine to create change.

But this is also how a lot of your was created in the. First place right. Because something. So dramatic happens that it you literally as a reflex your neurology steps out of your body and that shit's encoded and that dissociation is encoded as part of this.

So every time you access it even though you're you're you're stuck in that limbo between being fully dissociated and feeling the feelings in your body and you're kind of vibrating back and forth right. Because you're stuck it's stuck. So we can go in and we can change all that with. Med with meating we can change it super quick.

But. I've been keeping that one kind of close to my vest for a really long time um. But it was something that. I think we can all really we would do well to practice it on a regular basis as a skill set right.

The secret to this and this is where it gets kind of weird is the more playful you become with this the more powerful it gets the more serious you try to be with it the more you shut you tend to shut it down right. And this is why one of the reasons why we jump around and we do silly things it's there's a very very strong neurological reason why we do these things your system learns and evolves better through positive emotion through play and through. Joy now that seems kind of weird when you consider that the nervous system has a 4 to one negativity bias what does that mean it means that for every good thing that happens your nervous system is going to assign a gravity of one one one to one it's very linear except for every negative thing that happens from your from your perspective your nervous system is going to assign a gravity of four that's every human being on the planet with zero trauma you evolv this way by definition evolutionarily speaking it is actually to your advantage to have a stronger move away from negativity than it is towards a positive mother nature in her. Infinite.

Wisdom evolved this in you. So you would run away from the saber-tooth tiger instead of jumping for joy over the brand new mango you found you understand one unit of good is one one unit of bad equals one mango and saber to tiger or tide right. That's not going to be a tie for. LS longer right.

That's that's a self again it's a self-correcting formula. But if you take. Evolution into account it makes perfect sense it's a suck deal for us as conscious beings right. Because the nervous system the the.

Neo cortex the new layer of your brain was the. Last part of the system to evolve and it's the one that keeps us stuck because it has the ability to think about your manual brain your reptile brain it doesn't think it just feels and acts right. Unless the dog is living with a human being for a protracted period of time dogs don't get neurotic because we they pick up the. Neurosis from their owners right.

Zebras don't get cancer right. They don't get. Neurosis they don't get traumas or phobias right. Do you ever see like anybody ever watch.

National. Geographic right. You ever see those those really horrendous death shots orh snuff films where they show the the zebra getting attacked by the by the lion or the right. And every now and.

Then they show one where the zebra gets away or the gazelle gets away and if once in a while and you should probably. Google this just to to show. David's not full of every now and. Then they'll show like the.

Cheeto or whatever getting chased off before they could finish off the zebra or the gazelle or whatever and after about a minute or two the zebra looks dead or the gazelle looks dead and. Then all of a sudden they start to shake and they start to. Twitch right. And they start to to f and they'll tend to pulse or or or vibrate strongest where the damage was done okay.

Those are called neurogenic. Tremors from a scientific perspective that is the. Nature's ultimate trauma release mechanism and after about five or six minutes long it takes to finish shaking that zebra that gazelle gets up and they're good to go there is no. Memory of that trauma anywhere because they vibrated it out you have that capacity too somewhere between the ages of birth my teacher told me between three and five we lose it we don't lose it we turn it off something about our socialization causes us to repress and lock things in instead of shaking it out.

But how many of you ever been in trance okay. How many people know that they've been in trance because you've all been in trance you just may not have known it right. And all of a sudden you just twitch for no. Freaking reason that's those are remnants of that mechanism that you all have that and if you could do 15 to 20 minutes of that tremoring every night your would be gone and you'd be sleeping like a baby.

But unfortunately nobody's not many people know how to reactivate it except spontaneously unfortunately for for most of the people in the energy. World they start doing raiki or chronic healing and they start seeing these. Tremors and twitching and all a sudden they think they got a demon-possessed patient they want to exercise him with a steak through the heart right. But that's actually really really it's something we all actually want to have more of and.

But we're. So afraid of looking stupid or or you know something being wrong because nobody get because we create narratives in our head right. That have nothing to do with the truth. So.

I want to give you guys something. So that meditating you can do that anywhere and you can play with that. I would play with that on the toilet especially when the smell gets too much and the. Fan's not and the.

Fan's not cutting it just step out and. Then step out till you're halfway down the hall there's 27 there's 27 years going what the hell what did you eat right. Just go a young person right. I make jokes.

But the more you can play with stepping in and stepping out the easier it gets the more neuroplastic your brain becomes and the faster you can start to make your own changes can change really be that fast yes. Well if it's if it's. So why why weren't we doing this thousands and thousands we were we lost it or it was kept secret right. It took.

Us. However long humans human beings have been on this planet to figure out how to get rid of that in 5 seconds right. But you have abilities start talking about magic the. Next.

So for those of you who can't hear. David online when. David starts talking about energetics sometimes he fries the electronics. So we're currently working on technical difficulties and that's what's going on.

So. David is curious for those of you on. YouTube and. I am uh looking on the.

YouTube chat he wants to know who was just playing with the metast stating you teaching also uh. I see people saying the volume is low. But listening to the volume on my other device for. YouTube the volume is really nice.

So. I'm not quite sure if you may need to adjust your volume all right. So this is the. First thing again this is about how to reprogram your subconscious mind.

So we need to cover foundations. But. I wanted to give you guys an experience. First for you new people how many was.

I know was it is it. Kathy. Jessica. Jessica um what's your name sir you've been here before right.

No. No. Huge fan oh thank you thank you welcome what what do you want to learn from tonight everything he's got that look. In his eyes.

Everything all right. Um talk about dialoguing with the subconscious mind okay. So these are six things that you need to remember anytime you want to ask your nervous system a question okay. Remember that your brain you have three layers to your brain you have the brain stem you have what is commonly referred to as the lyic system my friend.

Chase likes to call this the dog brain or the mammal brain. So if you want to know what this part looks like it looks like that right. Down to the little skull and crossbones blanket okay. This is your emotional brain right.

Directly below that is your. Primal is the brain stem or the. Paleo cortex this is your. Primal drives brain these two communicate a lot okay.

You can you can this is kind of how. I look. At it all emot um all well let's talk about this we talk about feelings everything human beings do is in response to a feeling it's either a feeling they want more of or a feeling they want less of everyone's moving is dancing between towards pleasure and away from pain we need to understand that on a neurological level because you get one you get a plus one for a positive plus four for a negative. So even though some people in the.

NLP world would say well. I'm a towards person or you're all away from you're all away from because if. I put the saber-tooth tiger over there and. I put the mango over there and you have to choose guess where you're going it ain't the mango okay.

Now that's an extreme example. But what does happen is people oscillate everybody is a. Tor and everybody's an away from when push comes to shove you're all away from. But if you had if you had a preference if you if you could choose you would either be a a towards and away from or an away from and a towards we call that a propulsion system.

So you're either moving away from something towards something else or you're moving towards something and away from something else. But you're always doing both you just have a preference that's a conscious preference we distill things down to the visceral unconscious level that takes over right. As long as there's no. Saber-tooth tiger in the mix you have some choice.

But you will respond to that negativity input now that being said there are some things that really that sounds like a suck deal on on one level it is right. Because that means for everything every negative thing we encounter it's four times stronger than any positive thing we encounter. But here's the thing it's smoking mirrors how many people know what a fun house is you know you know we go to the fun house and we have those mirrors that make you look. Like this wide and this tall that's what your nervous system does to fear anything that you're actually afraid of is only 25% as bad as your nervous system is making it out to be because one negative and one positive are the same except through the lens of your nervous system and if you can internalize that anytime you present it with something that scares the bebies out of you and you start running all of these movies in your head remember your nervous system is making it 75% worse than it actually is sometimes it's even more.

But just understand just stepping back and waiting wait a minute this is only about a quarter as bad as. I'm making it out to be does that make it taller now you can work with that right. But just the act of evaluating how your nervous system has done that takes you meta the ability to measure something takes you one layer out when. I we started the drill.

I said. I be inside your body feel everything experience everything and. Then. I said something very sneaky which none of you probably caught.

I said think about your body the moment. I said think about your body you had to go outside of it and evaluate it. So the moment. I start thinking about my internal representations.

I've already started the process of dissociation the same thing happens when you take all the things that bother you and you brain dump them onto a piece of paper and. Then you look. At them on a piece of paper and you assign a number value to them just the act of blurting it onto a piece of paper causes your body to vent the emotional charge while you're writing it. But.

Then you have to look. At what you wrote and think about it and evaluate it and. Then assign a number to it which means you have to compare that to that and figure out which one has more layer upon layer upon layer you're already causing your body to process the information just by listing it evaluating and organizing it which is why when you start with the ones and you start working up the list gets easy that that's the whole theory behind if you come to like identity by. Design or something like that you'll get the whole thing.

But that's how you have to train to work on your own stuff right. If you got someone like. Moss or me or. Jake or.

Richard or. Nisha who's very very well trained sees people all the time you can start with the tens twelves the 13s on the 10 scale right. Because we can handle that we can guide you through that. But when you're working on your own you need to flip the script and you need to stay at that level until you can effectively do that because if you try to go everybody can hit a home run anybody you know in in the in the in role playing games say anybody can roll a natural 20 right.

First level character can roll a natural 20 and put a put a hurting on the big bad guy once we don't want once we want consistent results this is how you get consistent results you do it through training right. Now those of you who see clients the goal behind seeeing clients is. So that they never need to see you again. I know for some of you that scares.

The. Living. Daylights out of you because that's your money right. But your job as a.

Healer is to get your client to the point where they don't need you anymore and part of that process once they've killed the. Godzillas. So to speak is to teach them how to fix their own. So you should get really good at this process because at some point if you're seeing clients you're going to have to teach it to them right.

Unless you want recurring income in which case. I'm not. I'm not the ethics teacher right. Okay.

So back to this your your emotional brain and your your. Primal your your reptile brain for lack of a better word the reptile brain works in. Primal drives. Sensations feelings your.

Mamon brain works in. Emotion now all emotions are feelings. But not all feelings are emotions feelings can trigger emotions. But that's not the same thing okay.

So anytime we're dealing with sensation and. Primal drives we're dealing with the reptile brain anytime we're dealing with emotions sometimes sometimes images we're dealing with the mamelon brain the dog brain anytime we're dealing with words we're dealing with the new layer we call that the neocortex this is the part that thinks in words language. So notice that two-thirds of your brain don't speak. English they don't speak.

Hindi they don't speak farsy they don't speak any language we recognize except one visual auditory kinesthetic. Batory gustatory everything that your brain does when it communicates with itself is in the language of sensation and the attributes of those sensation okay. So when we start getting the body engaged in the change work you guys do this all the time you don't realize it right. I.

I'll point it out in a minute the moment we get the hands working and we've automatically activated the left and right. Hemispheres of the brain the minute we we we point to where we feel it out in space we've activated our proprioceptive nervous system and our interceptive nervous system. I'm lighting my my neurology up like a. Christmas tree.

But. I'm doing it all here understand that's why the change happens. So fast the more words you get involve the longer the change takes because this part only understands words okay. You ever meet somebody who's hyper hyper cerebral hyper cognitive they show no.

Emotion whatsoever they talk in a monotone they're all here they've created a firewall between their feeling brains and their. Primal drives and. So when you say point to where you feel they go what they're dead from the neck down okay. If you want and one of the reasons that happens this is where maximum dissociation happens when you're in your neocortex your thinking brain that's where dissociation happens it's a it's a defense mechanism because these people don't want to feel because they don't understand what you're learning tonight sensation pictures images sounds not words sounds words the problem you have in in the different parts of your brain is not that you're broken it's mistranslation you see the the this part of your brain is the closest to the surface.

So it screams the loudest right. You hear things in words and tones that creates pictures and a. Cascade of feelings and all these other good things. But this part of you is also we call we have another name for this by the way the rational lying brain you see one of the jobs of the neocortex is to help you survive in communities it's to help you solve problems it's to help you navigate groups without getting killed or thrown out.

So its job is to create stories narratives reasons why you're doing the things you do that may have absolutely nothing to do with the real reason you're doing them you guys never heard of the term spin what do. I mean when. I say spin meet the original spin doctor it's your neocortex its job is to create a story for everything even if that story has nothing to do with reality. So when it gets information from the brain stem and the.

Maman brain oh this feeling is happening this is happening this is the story until it isn't right. But your brain treats that like it's true because it created it. So here's the. First one of the.

First rules you need to understand what your brain creates your brain accepts human beings never resist themselves every single thing that you're experiencing in your body right. Now even if it started with you getting sideswiped by a truck you created it that truck may have hit you once. But every time you relive memory you're doing it to yourself you were not the way you are because of the things that happened to you you're the way you are because of the way you recorded the things that have happened to you and the way you're relating to those recordings it's really that simple in a non- neuroscienc kind of way. But you started playing with that when you guys pointed to where you felt it and reached out and touched the picture did.

I at any time ask you what was in the picture. I didn't need to why because that wasn't. What mattered what matters was how you built it size shape location inside outside these are all qualities that fit into one of these categories right. We never looked at the story we didn't need to the story isn't important it is.

But not at this level what's important is how did you build that thought how did you build that memory and why and can you change it the answer is a resounding yes. In fact. God demands you change it because that's why. God gave us the ability to do this you just didn't realize you could do it and you didn't realize you had permission to do it.

I've walked into the hearts and minds of tens of thousands of people over the. Last 20 30 years. So many of them are in this cont constant state of suffering because they didn't realize they were allowed to not be not all of them. But some.

So before we go any further realize this the very fact that you're in this room means. God has given you permission to change anything you want you're allowed right. Not. David.

I'm just the guy in the vest right. Not a very good one today either. So people been mocking on my vest since. I got here right.

At least is not mocking on my pot b. Anyway all right. So you have the neocortex the rational lying brain now why am. I talking about these brain regions because what we're talking what we're going to do.

Next the problem isn't that your brain your your your your neocortex lies that's not the problem it's not the problem that your. Mamon brain thinks in emotions it's not the problem that your your your lyic system or your um your brain stem thinks in. Primal drives the problem is is that one. L layer of the brain doesn't understand the other layer of the brain because they're speaking different languages and if you all you do is if you can just translate from one layer of the nervous system to the.

Next you can facilitate communication within your own mind and body and change anything you want the problem is projection this part of your brain is filtering everything that comes up it thinks it's in charge it isn't this part of your brain which makes up all the stories that govern your life is the 2-year-old of the system metaphorically speaking it is the least informed and the. Last to know anything. But it interprets the information that comes up from this deep level through its own lens and that's the problem because what it's interpreting isn't what's being sent. So it creates its own narrative right.

How many people here just for fun have ever been waiting for a phone call or a text that didn't show up were you suddenly thinking positive thoughts about this person were you wondering if they were dead in the ditch somewhere where the did that come from because they could have just they could have been invited to a. Christmas party and be having the time of their lives. But you didn't go there most of you right. You went to the worst case scenario who did that youo cortex it took.

A piece of data text was supposed to be here at 7:15 7:25 they haven't texted right. And made a story that story triggered more stories and. Then more stories until. Finally you're down here.

But you're seeing a picture up here. But there's 27 movies running down here all follow under true not true right. Anybody any ever done therapy work we have this thing called the presenting problem someone comes in you have them sit down say. So what seems to be the problem um.

I went through a divorce. I'm 35. I got divorced at 33 and. I.

I just can't. I can't get past it. I just can't get over. I need you to to help me get past this okay.

So where did the problem happen. I was 33. I got a divorce okay. I'm going to talk.

I'm going to pretend to believe them and. Then. I'm going to put them in a trance and. I'm going to go talk to the boss.

I'm gonna send this part out for pizza because it likes pizza and. I'm. GNA talk to these guys down here. I say take me to the.

First scen situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of. XYZ problem he's five years old sitting in his living room watches his parents argue. First thing you do when you tell him that he goes that can't be right. Why because it conflicts with the expectation we call that the presenting problem the problems that you think are the problem aren't the problem they're the symptom there's a reason those feelings in those images are there there's another feeling connected to that reason and that's where they live.

But each of these feelings is written like this yes. It's a. DVD you take out and play you have control of the editing deck though these are all rewritable if you can't rewrite it you can just shred it system doesn't care it doesn't care what's on the. DVD the only part that cares no.

Part cares. I'll explain that in a minute what are you guys with me. So far is is making sense right. It doesn't mean bad doesn't take us by surprise and happen.

But with very few well literally no. Exceptions those things tend to only happen once now you can have similar events. But they're they're still discreet events does that make sense. So every memory every feeling that you've been carrying around for any length of time those things only happen to you once.

So why are they still happening it's because you keep taking the. DV out. DV out and playing with it right. You don't realize it because the part of you that does that isn't necessarily this part okay.

But it does become aware of it and. Then it creates movies. So how do we get good information how do we when something comes up how do we trust what part of the nervous system what part of the brain that information is coming from that leads us to the truth that we can use well. I'm glad you asked okay.

You guys with me. So far okay. This leads us to something that everybody in. Planet.

David needs to overlearn it's called dialoguing with your subconscious mind and if you want to reprogram your subconscious mind you better you got to know how to talk to it even more importantly you've got to know when it's talking to you because this speaks really really loud this one. Whispers does that. Mak sense sense it it it doesn't have to make sense it's how we work hey there okay. So here are the six rules for dialoguing with the unconscious we call this the six dynamics of an unconscious response tattoo this in your underwear inside your bra any.

PL tattoo it backwards on your eyelids. So when you go to sleep at night you see it because if you want to change work do change work or whether it's on yourself or with clients you need to understand this and you need to teach your clients this at the very beginning of your client sessions unconscious mind always answers. First usually nonverbally. So when we were going through the meta stating we were talking about point to where you feel it what color is it what did.

I say. First impression the information that comes up. First is always the right. Information it's always the even if it makes absolutely no.

Linear logical chronological emotional sense whatever comes up. First is the right. Answer okay. Unconscious mind always answers honestly let me be very clear on this honestly is not truthfully or.

U factually your unconscious mind does not work on facts it works on perceptions. So when it tells you what the problem is or what it gives you the answer that you're asking for it's giving you its truth which is all that nervous system cares about there is no. Objective truth in the unconscious there's only your truth and truth comes in levels there's the neocortex truth the story about the story about the experience there's the melan truth the the body feelings and the emotions connected to the original event and. Then there's the primal drives fear anger rage.

U reproduction starvation hunger. Hunger great great one how many people have ever been hangry right. Which came. First the hunger or the anger hunger.

Primal. Drive emotion and. Then all of a sudden everything people said pissed you off right. That's how it works everything that pissed you off was created from a story your neur your neocortex put together based on the emotions you were having based on the drive you were experiencing that needed to be satisfied the drive that gets frustrated or deprived grows stronger and it will systematically.

Marshall the body's resources until your neocortex generates a story that allows you to justify acting on the drive of the emotion how seduction. Works generate a strong enough body feeling oh he's. I'm just going back to his apartment to look. At his stamp collection what could happen that's called trans logic plausible deniability right.

We've all woken up. Next to someone that we were there because we had one too many it's all that damn booze really you've had this happen 27 times you think by now you know what happens when you drink booze it's not the booze it's the plausible deniability right. This is how we work you can change anybody's decision you can change anybody's perception if you just change the body. F right.

But the the nervous system gives us the illusion that it works the other way it doesn't it comes up we create a story and. Now. We're looping right. That's why when you start thinking about the one time that like the again you're having you feel good about this guy now you send him good feelings.

So this will have no. Effect on you whatsoever when that guy screwed up your food you were thinking about all the other times your food got screwed up why exactly your brain started opening filing cabinets have. I ever experienced this before well yes. This time at at.

Chili's and this time at in and out in this time wherever it was and the more files you open the stronger those feelings got if each and every one of those files has a set of body feelings locked inside. So it's never the surface thing that's the problem it's always deeper and this is why we need to understand when the unconscious mind gives you an answer this the truthfulness of it is in the sequence that the information comes out not the information itself whatever comes up. First is what your unconscious mind your nervous system believes to be the truth everything it's doing is based on its truth and it will always come out. First now if it were only that simple.

But it's not because there's four more things we got to factor into this you with me. So far harsh okay. Your unconscious mind always answers. First it always answers honestly it always feels like you're making it up when you were stepping out of yourself and you were pouring in it's like.

I'm picking this up right. And. Then you step back in and all of a sudden change yes. Because the part of you that controls your nervous system the part of you that controls your blood pressure your hormones your heartbeat your respiration your kidney function is also the part that makes things up and that's why it has a similar feeling not because it's not real as far as your nervous system is concerned every every.

Daydream and fantasy you ever had is just as real as this your nervous system doesn't make that distinction till much. Later in the game somewhere between here and here and. I'm not 100% convinced of that either okay. But it will always especially when you're getting the right.

Information it will always feel like you're making it up. So the moment you catch yourself going that can't be right. Or that's not it or that's not what. I meant yeah it is.

Big. Red. Flag should go up stay with that trust me. I've been doing this 30 years.

I still get hung up on that. I go in. I go into. Persian.

Oregon or or release something in my life because. I can do that now for 30 40 years looking under the other people's hoods and. I start to. I start to pull it apart and and dissolve into and all of a sudden the memory comes up.

I'm like what really and. Then my goes away. I'm like huh guess. So right.

I'm not immune to. I'm. I. I work the same way you guys do right.

The only reason. I'm a few pages ahead in the manual is because. I wrote the manual. But okay.

Always answers. First always answers honestly always feels made up any questions about those three why is this important because when you start working with each other this is how you check how you test okay. For those. I know.

Grant sees clients. Moss sees clients. Richard you see clients from time to time right. Anybody else here clients okay.

So if you want to dissolve 90% of all resistance you ever get teach your client these things before you put them in trans because it will completely neutralize all the that can undermine your session okay. I completely took. Away my 90minut pre-talk and do a five minute. Spiel on the six dynamics of an unconscious response my my hit rate goes super high now you're always going to have an.

Ed urg to edit what just came up. So the it's not enough that. I say go back to the. First scene situation or event that is the source the beginning the root cause of.

XYZ problem and all of a sudden you think the problem happened when you were 33 all of a sudden you're 5 years old watching your parents argue right. Or have a f some kind of knockdown drag out fight that you thought didn't affect you had nothing to do with you had everything to do with you why because you're recording it the. Next thing you do is you want to edit it and that's where that's that can't be right. This is what must have happened right.

The moment you start trying to generate alternate reasons to justify or make the experience you've just unlocked more palatable you've just taken a a wrong turn to edits though that's your. UNC that's your conscious mind trying to control the narrative if your conscious mind could fix this by controlling the narrative it had done that already okay. Your unconscious your conscious mind and. NE cortex can't access directly the level of your system that you need in order to write the new program or to change the code and the only way to do it is to imagination body movement and breathing right.

We'll get to that is this cool. So far some. I know for a lot of you this is review. But these are things that that again never go out of style and they cook.

The rice it's never loud and it's never linear almost never linear. So you know you've heard me say that this part of your brain that neocortex it's really loud it's really blatant it's really obvious. But the parts of you that where the stuff is stored that you have to access that's deep right. Um let's have an experience of that.

I one of the things. I always. I always tell people is we have two sets of beliefs beliefs you know about and beliefs you don't okay. So you guys all know what affirmations are right.

Okay. So. So here's what. I want you to do now this is an un even though this is going to sound like an affirmation this is actually an uncovering process.

So it's going to cause you to become aware of things that you don't normally pay attention to or by default you try to ignore. So. I want you to stop for a moment and think about something that you really want. But you don't have yet okay.

And. So the classic affirmation is um every day and every way. I'm getting better and better and better all right. So we'll take some again.

I'm going to ask you to repeat your to say your affirmations out loud. But you're all going to be. I want you can close your eyes. So you can all just focus on the the changes in your body because.

I need you to become more and more self-aware because until you become more and more self-aware you can't access your power right. Most of us are terrified to go in there because we don't know what's in there here's the good news anything that's in there is you've already beaten because if you hadn't beaten it you'd be dead now the only time we we encode trauma or anything that we consider to be traumatic is because your nervous system perceives a threat that it thinks it's going to die from and in that moment before where you would where you would either die or survive your brain sets off for a fraction of a. Second it does a flash save on all the feelings and emotions locks them in a little file until it's time to go in and every time you get into a situation that's similar to or related in any way to that little file it replays the file. But it's just a file it's not the event the fact is you survived it because there would otherwise there would be no.

File to play. So when you go inside understand it's a funh housee mirror everything that you don't want to look. At everything you're afraid of or makes you feel bad about yourself it's just a recording it's just something you you recorded that you've already beaten. But you've been denying it you've been running from it which is why it's still there right.

So everything inside of you you're already stronger. Then and. I need you to really really internalize that okay. So.

I want you to think of something now that you don't have yet. But it's possible for you to have. But you don't have it yet for whatever reason. I want you to make an affirmation in your mind.

I now have. X make that affirmation as you. But before you start saying the affirmation in your mind. I want you to scan your body become very aware of the different.

Sensations in your body notice where your. Baseline is your. Baseline stress. Lev your.

Baseline level of relaxation notice where all that is okay. And now. I want you to start saying that affirmation over and over again in your mind and notice how the feelings in your body shift and change change all right. I'm going to give you guys 30 seconds or.

So just to have fun with this and just to just pump that affirmation up right. Let the energy build in whatever way that your system wants to do that give you now another 25 seconds uh 10 more seconds the longest 10 seconds of my life good open your eyes. Look. Up here all right.

So let's um we didn't go over microphone etiquette. So remember that when you talk into the microphone you talk in this end sound comes out that end right. This is not going to help you keep keep it here talk into the microphone. Michael the feelings in your body before you began the affirmation were how would you describe those my heart was beating faster my heart was beating faster okay.

And. Then as you started the affirmation what happened it slowed down and my energy level lowered okay. In a good way in a good way okay. What else did you notice that was calmer calmer okay.

Okay. As you were doing the affirmation did you notice any feelings of ick anywhere in your body no. Okay. Pass it suggest what did you notice crazy very much like him okay.

Um my heartbeat totally slowed down. But became stronger ack just okay. Good you guys are cleaner than. I thought all right.

Anybody here. I'll just cut to the chase did anybody here have this really obvious. Good. Feeling start to build and in the background there was like this little icky.

Naggy niggly feeling right. Congratulations you just found the belief you didn't know you had you see when we do affirmations we're trying to turn up the volume on our neocortex loud enough that it overwrites this. But if you're on the right. Track and you're activating the right.

Circuits if you don't have something there's a reason and there's usually some internal beliefs or memories or feelings connected to that reason. So when you start to provoke the circuit where the problem is the affirmation will start to build up a surface level good feeling. But it will also start to trigger anything that might get in the way and when it does that it often manifests as that kind of quiet in the background picky. Naggy feeling that you want to consciously ignore you know what.

I'm talking about you've all had that experience right. Especially where money's concerned right. I now make seven figures a year right. You're see yourself with the money there's this party going you right.

It's just a little quiet icky voice. I'm not focusing on you right. Guess what that's the part that's keeping you stuck. So what do you do you turn up the affirmation louder hoping to drown it out doesn't work takes a huge amount of repetition that way to get from the neocortex into the deep unconscious faster more efficient way to do it is to become aware of those subtle.

Sensations and go after those now the reason they're subtle isn't because they're weak the reason they're subtle is because they're deep they're deep in the unconscious they're deep in the autonomic nervous system they're deep in the tissues and the fascia. So when it. Finally reaches the surface it has further to travel than the. Neal cortex.

But it's stronger and it's not linear almost never linear person comes in they were divorced at 33 they're 35 years old they still can't get past it they think it's because of the divorce they go back they find out five years old watching their parents argue where's that feeling it's in my intestine right. Why because they were angry they felt rejected and it goes to the intestine okay. But there's a whole lot of time between five and 33 and 35 what happened everything else it went from 35 to five because your unconscious mind doesn't organize things by linear time it organizes them by what they have in common. Where do they overlap and that's why when we go back to the.

First scene situation or event that is the source it's almost always zero to five and it doesn't matter where you started that's where you're ending up every now and. Then once in a blue moon you'll end up between seven and 13 maybe once a leap year you'll wind up in your teenss. But the vast majority of your stuff that's where it all started and if you fix it there everything else starts to dissolve these are the six things that when we start talking to our own nervous systems or the nervous systems of people who are going to help us we need to pay attention to this because this will tell us what's true this will tell us where we need to go and what we need to do because any story your neocortex spin is going to take you in a very very different direction we need to be ously with this because this will take us all over the place uh. Maria.

So when it goes to. Zer to five when everything starts there and. Then every blue moon is higher is it still kind of the same if like for example someone has a brain injury. So their memories start from five and above will you just do the same process.

I would that's. I would start there because there's always multiple ways to the same memory especially if you if you subscribe to the idea that we're just basically made out of light holographic memory. Theory says that we're all just light right. So there's multiple onramps that to that information right.

I. I. I truly believe that there isn't anything that. I don't.

I think there's very few things that are truly lost we just haven't found a way to access them yet right. When. I start when. I work with parket since patients tremoring all over the place the deeper in trance they go the more the.

Tremors go away who knew. I did right. Because. I do the work.

But most people don't get that kind of opportunity. So. But this is this is what's going on yes. Sir pass the microphone to par.

I wonder to. O that when. I am like going down and seeing what is the real reason. So how do.

I be with again how do. I well that's what we're doing. Next right. The thing the.

First thing that has to the techniques are really simple the problem is do. I trust the information. I've got and without this you don't know that you can trust it because your your your. Neo cortex is always going to make a story that absolutely nothing to do with the real reason you now the beautiful part is with the techniques we're going to play with tonight you don't need to know the story you just need to know where you feel it because we're not going to talk we're not going to deal with it through unpacking or or revisiting the memory necessarily like the things we're going to work with transformational tri and now we're going to do color breathing we're going do magic frame we're gonna do spinning these things don't.

NE. I don't need to know much about what's going on with you as long as you can trust the information and you're willing to work with that information and play pretend with that information the technique will work the only question is how many times you going to have to repeat it most people are one and done. But every now and. Then you got to do it two three times.

But that's okay. That's how your nervous system changes it's through repetition right. Remember this anything that your nervous system created your nervous system can change the nervous system human nervous system your nervous system never resists itself. So when you generate a color that represents a problem and you ask your nervous system to give you a feeling of frequency of vibration or color that would completely dissolve the other color that represents the problem and give you what you want instead and a color pops up and you breathe it through the affected area and all of a sudden your stuff just goes away that's how it works because you created it in the.

First place. So you're allowed to change it okay. We create things all the time based on the information we have and the body feelings and that's all every belief that you hold sacred you learned you learned it based on the feelings in your body at the time and the information that you had now sometimes that information came from a trusted. Source.

Who you didn't think to question sometimes it came from a situation where you just had to figure out and you just figured this is how the world is doesn't matter how you got it you built it the same way from the same stuff and your system can change it all okay. So you guys ready to play or would you need a need a brain break okay. So okay. We're gonna go till about 10ish and give or take.

So before we go um to our break a couple of things a we have lots of chocolate lots of gluten-free cornbread which is it's an. NLP power. First oh uh if you have not signed a video release please please be sure to sign that before you go otherwise we can't let you leave um for everybody who came out tonight and. I want to thank you for coming out on short notice because we literally just posted this meet up like two days ago three days ago okay.

Um normally to get in to see me is $3,000 to walk in the door okay. Um. So. I have.

Associates that work for me now who. I trust implicitly and. So for everybody who came out tonight. I would like to offer you guys a free gift for everybody who wants to um.

I'd like to offer you 30 minutes of mosses time to see if your we offer all of our prospective clients a free 30-minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods after you pass our screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you we'll tell you that too and we'll point you in the direction that we think has the highest chance of of getting you the help that you need. Moss is my protege if. I can use that word uh he's more like my indentured servant. But uh.

But uh. Moss has uh probably had more supervision supervised training with me than anybody on the planet uh and he's really really good with clients and. So for those of you who are interested in in working with. Planet.

David in any respect because to get to me you got to go through. Moss all right. Moss will walk you through the the options make sure that this is something that's the right. Fit for you because.

I don't want again my job isn't to take your money my job is to help you right. And it does me no. Good to take your money and. Then not get you the change you came for.

So. I'm not going to jeopard. I'm being purely selfish here. I'm not going to jeopardize my.

Sterling reputation by taking a client that. I don't think is a good fit. But that's the vast minority of people. So here's the deal you're going to get 30 minutes of our time to do with whatever you want if you want to go through the evaluation and consultation process great you want to pick our brain for 30 minutes straight and talk about your dogs your puppies your new house that 30 minutes is our gift to you that make sense we only have a few slots left for that though because we have a massive training schedule mon.

I are both going through a doctorate program in. Chinese energetic medicine and the schedule is a bare right. And my clients are really pissed off about it. But it is what it is hopefully we'll be done with that in.

August and. Then we'll be starting uh higher level energetics and spirituality and mystical trainings that are built on this stuff right. We walked into the the. DCM program and people actually recognized us and were amazed at what things we could do with their stuff faster and.

I don't want to brag. But. I had like six of my people go in and all of them walked into a. Master.

Level class and kept up or better right. So. I had a proud papa moment. But.

Anyway my point is is that we're good at what we do and we got more cool stuff coming if that's something you're into that's not important right. Now what's important right. Now is you have things you want handled and you need help and we want to give you that opportunity. So during the break please see moss grab some chocolate you'll go to the restroom grab a.

Celsius because we're going to get down on the transformational. Triad tonight which now is the transformational quadrat or whatever because. I added a fourth technique oh you missed that one you got you came late. I can't help that you'll have to get it from.

Grant or all right. Uh. So that's what we got going on um. Coss uh and uh.

I'll happy. I'll answer some questions during the break and hopefully. I'll get it time to go to the restroom too right. Go play minutes yeah might be a good idea if you think about bucket listing might be a good ide jot some things down that you want to work on.

Co please fill that up. So we can it doesn't see you talk didn't [Music]. I'd love to sign myself [Music] yourself h in you sitting over chair yourself right. Back this spee no.

Do [Music] that's only 12 well they. LIF at 20 only 12 sister like super super. Jazz wow and it was just the. P months she just went down five minutes f that was a story how's the dog doing won [Music] e she be fat girl.

March beginning of. April. Start gr up huh pound at that size is. So now she's down probably almost two pounds yeah.

So that's why she's us blanket right. Warm won't eat unless she's warming up we know she's got an appetite. So she's hung what are they nut. I like spicy can you explain gluten-free to uh his mom because.

Moss is trying to explain why he can't eat certain big. Goods can't have wheed wheat or just gluten yeah yeah hook. Him up he's all about it now he's gonna follow you home now magic you got food he can eat he can he's following you everywhere all right. All right.

So we're going to take a slightly different track tonight we're still going to cover the transformational. Triad. But that'll be coming up. So what we're going to do now um harsh can is this your mom or your grandma.

Mom okay. So how much. English does she understand if. I did a if.

I if. I guided you guys went walked you guys through a meditation would she be able to follow me okay. Okay. Otherwise.

I was gonna ask. Nisha to translate that will cost me nothing's free. I give and. I give and.

I give all right. So what we're going to talk about. First and this is something that again. I teach all my therapy students um and the reason that.

I do it is because every time you you work with a client you never know what's coming up and one of the things that that gets in the way of resolving issues is not feeling safe fact if we could if we could distill down everything human beings do that causes them problems it's a quest for safety it's it just that's it's just what it is okay. And. So one of the things we talk about in training is something called resourcing in. NLP we have dissociation training now they don't train you like.

I just trained you okay. Uh in fact if you came when those of you who came to. NLP. Ultra we went way off the deep end in terms of you know.

Association training and things of that nature and how to induce it in other people and stuff like that. But. Association is a way to create safety because it creates barriers between the problem and our ability to deal with it right. It's like when you're when you're too close to a fire right.

And you step away and now it's more comfortable if it's still too hot you can step away again it's the same idea with dissociation dissociation doesn't put out the fire it just lessens its impact on you right. If your house is on fire and you step away from the burning house okay. You're stepped away from the burning house. But your house is still burning you understand.

So what happens a lot of times especially in classical. NLP dissociation is used as a resource. But they don't understand that you can't just dissociate something and leave it there right. You have to dissociate fix the problem and put them back in their body dissociation is not resolution unless you do other things with it okay.

But some some people will say well just dissociate from it. So you know do you feel anymore no. Okay. You're done trust me you're not done that shit's going to come back in a with a.

Vengeance okay. So dissociation is one of the ways that resource people now. I'm not going to give you the full lesson one of the things that we have in in. Planet.

David that has been a literal game changer for us is something called the safe place induction now because this is a self-help group it's not the safe place induction it's the safe place meditation okay. So before we do the med the meditation is very very simple. However we have to make sure that this safe place is right. For you.

So. I need you to stop for a moment close your eyes. For me and. I'm going to use some words and.

I want you to just allow yourself to imagine what that might be like okay. What it might be like. I'm wondering if you could imagine a place that was. So absolutely affirming.

So accepting of you. So loving. So nurturing nourishing forgiving protected positive a place that was. So transformationally positive that no.

Negativity pain or suffering of any kind could exist there for even a fraction of a. Second without being immediately vaporized or turned into its opposite. I'm curious. I'm wondering can you imagine what a place like that might be like you can just nod your head if you can because.

I always wonder when. I talk to groups and. I talk to people what might you see when you're in that place what might you hear what might you smell and what might you taste because when you do that when you're in that place when you see see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing. Unstoppable wonderful feeling that you get a feeling that lets you know you're truly safe and.

I'd like you to notice. I'd like you to become aware that there's a place in your body where those wonderful feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel it and notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those feelings. I'm curious. I'm wondering what color colors that might be for you.

First impression and whatever those colors are imagine a brilliant ball of that energy floating above your head notice how the feelings in your body begin to shift and change as. With. Every. Breath.

You. Take into. Every. Beat of your heart that ball of energy begins to grow begins to expand begins to fill the entire room from floor to ceiling from wall to wall and all points in between notice how it wraps itself around you like an amazing blanket of energy a cocoon a shield a suit of armor insulating you protecting you from all threats all dangers real or imagined while at the same time flooding your mind flooding your body flooding your spirit with everything it most wants everything it most needs in an infinite ever expanding and.

Unlimited. Supply and when you realize it's true breathe those amazing colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air or helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully. So completely no.

Force in the universe and turn it off or take it away not even you and when you real realiz it's true test it try to turn it off try to make it go away and notice what happens instead and when you're satisfied stop testing allow those energies to flow through your entire being breathe them through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test tube like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it and. So fully. So completely no. Force in the universe can turn it off or take it away not even you when you know it's true loed in tested try to turn it off try to take it away notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing allow your head to nod with honest conscious movements to let me know now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm going to ask you to scan your body one more time and this time. I'd like you to become aware of any place in your body where you're holding on to any form of density or tightness tension you see as we move through this game call life we encounter situations and circumstances and events people in places who cross our boundaries violate our trust overwhelm us physically mentally or emotionally sometimes it's a person sometimes it's a situation sometimes it's an event. But for whatever reason was outside of our control or our ability to understand or cope with in the way that we would have liked to.

But what's interesting is that the. Universe and its. Infinite. Wisdom built into each each and every one of us a very special mechanism a system if you will designed to help us survive those times of overwhelm those times of violation those times that we like to call trauma like a old.

Ghostbuster movie it opens up sucks in all those memories and all those feelings locks it in a little box metaphorically speaking somewhere in our body somewhere in our spirit somewhere in our energy field holding it in quarantine until such a time is. Guided by the right. Expertise equipped with the right. Technology we can go back inside and tell our nervous system what to do with those things instead and when that system goes into operation those little quarantine files those little trapped emotions and memories they take the form of areas in our body that are dense or tight or tense as you scan your body body and you become aware of those areas of density and tightness and tension.

I want you to take your all powerful safe energy. I want you to breede those colors through that affected area let it flow over and around and through those areas like hot water flowing over an ice cube notice how those areas begin to melt and dissolve away solve dissolved and resolved from your body solv dissolved and resolved from your mind for all the right. Reasoned and in its place in its place in its place. CLS everything you most need and want and desire instead the perfect remedy the perfect balance to replace what was dissolved away to give you the feelings and the understandings and the experiences that you most desire to have the way you desire to have them take all the time you need to let that all powerful safe energy do its job and when you're satisfied that all those areas have been dissolved away you just allow your head to nod with honest unconscious movements to let me know and we'll continue with the.

Next part of our process that's right. Good great perect the beautiful thing about a meditation like this is that we can all have the same experience at our own rate at our own speed with the understanding that if you're unconscious now can hear my words you're unconscious. Now can do these processes at its own rate and its own speed even as as the other parts of your brain continue to follow along with me. So throughout the coming days and weeks and months anytime you want to anytime you need to you can summon this all powerful safe energy move it through the areas that most need and want and would benefit from its gentle transformational safe and loving and breaks feel those things begin to melt and dissolve from your mind your body your soul and your spirit solve dissolved and resolved from the body solve dissolved and resolve from the mind the energy now in a moment not yet.

But in just a moment. I'm. GNA ask you to do something very very interesting. I'm going to ask you to imagine you could float up out of your body and.

Float forward in time seven days from today seven days from. June 3rd 2024 float down into that future version of yourself the version of yourself that's been living seven full and complete days with these. Transformations only building and growing stronger inside float down and see the world through those eyes. Hear the world through those ears smell and taste and feel the world through a mind body and.

So alive with ongoing ever increasing transformation live a few days in that life and notice what that's like notice how you feel where you go what's changed what's different it and notice that there's a place in your body where the ability to. Manifest this new reality these new faculties these new understandings are stored where they grow where they spread from take a moment point to where you feel that that's right. And notice that there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to these amazing faculties breathe those colors through your entire being let it fill you up like water fills up a bottle like fluid fills up a test like hot air helium fills up a balloon anchor it in. So fully.

So completely no. Force in the universe and turn it off or take it away not even you and when you realize it's true test it try to turn it off try to take it away and notice what happens with that that's right. And speaking to you as this amazing new version of yourself seven days from to day if you could turn around and look. Back in time.

Through the. Wormhole of time time and space back. Beyond. Today to all the younger versions of yourself from now the moment you were conceived as you look.

Back on all those younger versions of yourself today what do you know and understand now that those younger versions didn't know what do you know and understand that would have made all the difference what was your. First impression be as long- winded or short- winded as you are and understand what that is and if you could reach back. Through the. Wormhole of time and space and teach those younger versions everything that ever need to know to feel to believe to experience and understand that would have made all the difference in the world what would you.

Shield them or would you teach them and when you know what that is open your arms big and wide and invite those younger versions of yourself to fly forward. Through the. Wormhole of time and space into your waiting arms hold them to your heart and whisper in their ear everything you're ever going to need to know to feel to believe to experience to understand to be as amazing in their time as you are in yours seven days from today and when you know you've got that bre all of your colors that you've acquired on your short. But powerful journey through all of you at the same time and feel all of those younger versions in you begin to blend to merge to combine to integrate synergistically harmoniously exponentially more powerful together than any one of you on your own until you're one full complete.

United. States of you take all the time you need to let those processes take place to in to integrate and transform and when you know it's completely changed impossible to go back to the way it was test it try to go back to the old way of feeling the old way of being and notice what happens instead when you're satisfied stop testing and just be resolve into this new state this new awareness this new understanding in a moment not yet. But in just a moment. I'm going to count from one to five as.

I reach the number five you can emerge from this process bringing all of these. Transformations. Revelations insights updates upgrades with you you perceiving believing manifesting and achieving embodying these states in all the ways that are most important for you number one feel yourself returning to this place we call reality bringing with you a very different one number two all of my suggestions from me to you from you to your very own other than conscious mind are now 10 times more powerful a 100 times more permanent a thousand times more thrilling fulfilling and satisfying than ever before embraced held locked into that part of your mind body and soul that most wants desires can. Implement facilitate.

Express these changes embody them completely in all the ways that give you the life that you want the way that you want it by your standards by your definition number two number three always at least three ways to overcome any situation obstacle or circumstance that you may face because there's always at least three solutions to any problem you need to solve and. From. This. Moment forward your all powerful other than conscious mind will now easily effortlessly and automatically generate those.

Solutions and. Implement them in the quickest easiest most effective way for the good of yourself and all concern number four because it's all for you my friends you've made the journey you've made the investment you followed the instructions you've obeyed the commands you've tested the results you've most certainly earned the rewards and the right. To keep them it's your reality it's your truth it's your life you get to live it to the fullest starting now on the. Next count you can emerge from this process.

Like a. Phoenix. Rising. From the.

Ashes like a butterfly emerging from the. Cocoon one phase of your transformation complete the. Next phase best phase just beginning ready to spread your wings take to the air to soar amongst the clouds to experience life the universe and everything in it from a much higher place a more enlightened perspective head clear mind clear heart thinking feeling acting with self assurance feeling good all over glad to be alive and ready to thrive number five take your time come on back notice how good you feel sck a fork in them all right. Give you guys a minute if you have any questions or if you guys want to talk about your experience you're more than welcome to do that fact why don't we just do that why don't we take five minutes get in groups of three or four and when you can actually speak go ahead and talk about your experiences or what you've discovered disgust come on up don't be bashful any of our.

Zoomers uh coherent enough to ask questions or. YouTubers. H because that's relevant keep good any my cameras on my mic. I'm.

Happ. I [Music] hey. Mark are you there release this trans go and that that node that's the node like the. USB port we can just plug into all the data disseminated throughout the system right.

So when we point to where we feel it we're accessing all of the data and it's reconstituting and we can access and change it from within all right. Turn around come on up all right. So. I'm curious what did you guys learn what did you experience.

I know some of you just did not want to talk that's the postm meditative. Fugue state where. I either get a cigarette or a cold shower or both right. So what you notice what' you learn matter.

I don't know where the microphone is. Mr. Bogard over here huh bog guarding the microphone again that's right. So um yeah it was all uh kind of fuzzy.

But it it felt good towards towards the the latter part of it it was like being in a in a nice uh comfortable. Zone good good do it feel safe yeah very much good good good. So anybody else par for me once. I started feeling the colors twirling and.

I could like when whenever. I was touching my body. I could feel the colors going round and round and. Then un twirling also perfect.

So afterwards like you were saying things. But it was more safe in that zone. So. I was that's okay.

Feeling to be there yeah see we're. So desperate for that safe. Zone at the moment we find it we don't want to go anywhere else. So a lot of you may have found that once you hit that safe spot you stop caring about what.

I was saying that's okay. That wasn't the part. I was talking to right. But this is a big deal one of the things that uh we're always looking for is safety uh and.

So this is something that the more you do it the stronger it gets this is another one of those those interesting techniques where if you do it once it's an interesting experience or a parlor trick. But if you practice it every day and have fun with it and doing it as often as you can it becomes a superpower because that safe penergy that you've created can take the edge off everything start having a panic attack breathe your safe energy through it boom done right. Because all you got to do here's a secret colors destroy colors colors transform colors. So you can take you guys remember.

I was just talking to the what was your name again sir. Dean. I was just talking to the de he was asking about holographic memory. Theory five channels of information how how many how many cortexes do you have in your brain well you have at least five sensory cortexes right.

Here's the thing you need understand about your nervous system it functions like a prism it functions like a transducer of vibrational data. I can take data from the visual cortex and run it through the auditory cortex and get sounds. I can take information from the auditory cortex run it through my visual cortex and get images and colors now this is not an energy class. So.

I'm not going to tell you about the energetic side of this let's just think about it purely from a data processing standpoint anything that your system has coded it can recode and it doesn't care what the information is it doesn't care if it's positive it doesn't care if it's negative it doesn't care if it's a physical sensation or mental or emotional one as far as the systems concerned it's only data and that data can be recoded in any form as long as you can access the part that does that. So we have something called the sematic search engine and sematic. Rules of sematic. Engagement which is where we're going.

Next. I don't have as much time as. I would like. But that's okay.

Because it doesn't matter how many techniques you get it's what you do with the techniques you have. So here's the secret it's on the sign out there if you can point to where you feel it you can change it because everything that you want to change is a feeling everything human beings do is in response to a it's a feeling they either want or or a feeling they want a whole lot l. So you use a feeling to change you use a color to change a guess which is easier to change feeling your color you got it baby. I can take any sensation in the body transform it into a color and that color will interact with any other color.

I can generate and when it does the system recodes that information and plays the new experience you don't have to believe it you just got to do it right. Fact. I don't want you to believe it right. The only thing.

I ask is that you don't actively try to fight it because when you get the body involved in the change work it doesn't matter what your neuro cortex wants and this is where we talk about body centered energy. Psychotherapy this is one of the reasons our change work tends to be faster better and more permanent than most other people's right. And it it doesn't seem like it should be this way. But.

I don't make these rules. I just discovered them. First one is semantic engagement semantic engagement is a dynamic interaction in the subject holographic met with the subject holographic metaphors what does that mean the colors in other words when. I when.

I start working with my system and. I'm integrating my physical body my imagination and my breath. I have to use all three because that's the username and password that gets you to the level where you can write the changes you leave one out it gets progressively harder you start adding words in unless you know what you're doing it takes longer we call this. Bak the primary encoding system because everything that we have is written in it okay.

You cannot communicate to another human being you cannot formulate the thought to generate words to communicate to another human being without the. V it has to come. First okay. There's cause effect meaning and.

Then. V is even primary to that because the only way we can even make sense this stuff to ourselves is through. Visual auditory kinesthetic old factory and gustatory metaphor those metaphors are just interpretations of vibrational ones and zeros that's all they are okay. But those metaphors that our system creates have meaning to us yes.

They're they're embedded with that visual those five channels and the content that's all there. But. Then the shapes like you were asking about earlier the shapes of those metaphors can have meanings to us too our job is to be able to analyze that construct look. At how it built it decide what was worth keeping and what isn't and make the appropriate edits and the more playful you are with this the better you get at it okay.

So anything you're doing act out the change there's not a single process that. I put you through tonight where. I didn't have you pointing at something reaching out and touching something right. This is a.

HK of the change work we do when you get the body involved it generates a wave for lack of a better word an amplitude through the body that it it it reaches a point where it doesn't matter what the neocortex wants to do it's going to buy in. Anyway. So you don't have to believe it you just have to do it okay. Physically.

AC without the change that's the simplest way to say it doesn't matter how you act it out as long as you act it out right. Some of you were twitching during the process perfect right. That's the body saying oh yes. I get the rid of this right.

Don't try to stop it lean into it let the body do it right. Sematic address every single bad feeling you have has a location right. Every single one of those one through threes. I said point to where you feel you go you'd have you instantly know where that was every now and.

Then you'll get someone say point to where you feel and. I go that's okay. That just means it's in an energy body you you deal with it the same way because eventually the more you deal with it the more it starts to do this it it's re-embodied again and. Then you can deal with it fully right.

Remember the part that you're it's going to feel like you're playing pretend because you are because the part of you that contr controls this part of you is also the part that plays pretend that's why you hear me say in all my videos well just pretend it's the instant workaround because when you pretend something your brain is going to go for the closest resource it has to what you're trying to create which is usually the truth. So it literally recreates the what you think is the block right. And even if it isn't it's like a puppet string you're still accessing the issue. So pretending is the fastest way the more play just like when you were a little kid anybody ever been a little kid okay.

If if you can be 5 years old for 10 minutes you can change just about anything it it's literally that that simple right. If only we'd have been taught this when we were five. I did teach my kids when they were five they were usually screaming at the time. So.

I don't know how much of it went in because. I had to fix them right. Super powerful with 5-year olds um if we have time remind me. I'll tell you about how the time my 10-year-old hypnotized her entire class and left them in trance not the entire class you missed one or two.

Anyway sematic bridge sematic bridge is really simple sematic bridge is where we point to where we feel it inside and we access the field outside this is a part of your nervous system called your proprioceptive neurology everything you're doing has an interoceptive component and an exteroceptive component that's why when people talk they gesture their hands are are accessing filing cabinets out here it's a literal mirror of what the brain is doing and when when when you once you understand the truth of this you'll never be a look. At anybody the same way again like. I got this problem. I could just figure out where it is you've all seen this right.

Like what is that thing it's right. Here just oh there it is right. Your hand will go to the location where the energetic or vibrational coordinates are that relate to that issue now remember below the threshold of the neocortex your nervous system treats all that stuff out here that's hallucinatory like a solid object far as it's concerned it's as solid as this desk okay. You don't have to believe me you just got to do it okay.

So static search engine this is the big one again and if you come to identity by. Design or if you come to unleashing the magic maybe in. July. I'll show you some really cool energetic that doesn't work.

But or shouldn't exist. But does. But um. I might get.

I might get cursed for showing this. But we'll see if. I suddenly go up in a big mushroom cloud you'll know. I offended the gods.

But um or was. I going with this. I completely open loop myself it's all right. Sematic search engine.

I have this this phrase is that. I want you guys to write down and really. I want you to understand it because if you it's a little hard to wrap your head around sometimes it's it's deep. But once you get it there is like literally no.

Change you can't make. I'm sure there's some. Physics limitations somewhere. But.

I haven't found anything you couldn't put a dent in okay. And that's this the answer is always in the question a sematic search engine concept you have two search engines that. I like to think are in the body we have one that's called the trans derivational search engine for those of you who come from. NLP you're familiar with this concept of trans derivational search although.

NLP doesn't go into it nearly as deep as they should have. Then you have what we call a sematic search engine which is very similar to the. TDS search engine the difference being primarily is that when you use a sematic search engine when you ask for information you only get the information that you ask for in the order and sequence that you asked for it that doesn't mean there isn't other information there you know that little diagram with the little visual auditor when you when you access the sematic search you're dipping into that whole container and you're pulling out specifically the information that you asked for that doesn't mean there is another stuff there right. So the more refined the question you ask the more comprehensive the resource you can extract right.

Um. I don't know if. I have time to do this one yes. Okay.

Close your eyes. Put on. Flor put your eyes. Put your feet flat on the floor close your eyes.

Take for stop for a moment and think about something that you really really really really really really wanted now. I'm going to give you some parameters it was something that you wanted. So much that the moment you saw it you knew that you were not going to stop until you got it and. So you made a plan and you worked that plan you put that plan into operation you went over around through if an obstacle came up you went over around you crushed it you worked that plan and.

Then. Finally on that fateful day boom there it was you over you won you over. I want you to remember that moment of. Victory remember how you were standing remember how you were breathing remember what you were seeing what you were smelling and what you were tasting and when you do that when you see what you see and you hear what you hear and you smell and you taste what you smell and you taste there is an amazing wonderful feeling that you get feeling of absolute.

Victory and there's a place in your body where those amazing feelings start where they grow where they spread from take a moment and point to where you feel it that's right. First impression that's right. And notice there's a color maybe even a series of colors connected to those amazing feelings notice what color or colors that is for you. First impression and when you know what they are.

I want you to reach into that area with both of your hands. I want you to grab all of that color take it out and hold it in your hands in front of you make sure you get it all because sometimes that hides and we don't want to miss a single drop of this amazing. Victorious triumphant goodness as you look. At it in your hands.

I want you to look. At it with your inner eyes. And notice did the color change or stay the same. First impression notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction is it spinning just move your hands in that direction that's right.

Now hold it under your nose take a nice big whiff of it notice what it smells like listen to it notice if there are any sounds in it and don't get freaked out. But go ahead and give it a good lick notice what it tastes like as you play with it. I want you to hold it in your hand. I want you to play with the direction it's spinning until you find the direction that makes it even better when you find that direction.

I want you to spin it like a wheel in that new. Direction and double the spin double the speed double the force double the magnitude that's right. Keep doubling it over and over and over again until it takes on a life of its own until it's impossible for it to go back the way it was when you know you've got it slam it back into that spot notice the change notice it's strong notice is this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into your body any program any belief any memory any experience that's not in harmony with this new set of instructions your neurology is going to begin to shed it's going to begin to purge like a snake shedding its skin like old software being uninstalled by newer better more powerful software there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice the process taking place allow it to install itself completely when you know it's done it's locked in test it try to bring that old feeling back try to turn the new feeling off and notice what happens instead many times as this new program works its way deeper and deeper and deeper into our system our body goes through all kinds of interesting changes and.

Transformations some people break out in a sweat some people laugh some people yawn some people cry some people twitch some people just feel waves of emotion coming up and unwinding. However your body does it that's just your neurology resetting itself it's just the emotional detox there's no. Need to measure it manage it or make it happen faster just notice that process taking place allow it to install itself completely and when you know it's done test it try to bring the old feelings back try to turn the new feelings off and notice what happens instead that's right. When you're done when you're satisfied stop testing allow your eyes.

To open notice how different you feel hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah what' you notice. Dean what' you notice color shifts color shifts right. On harsh what' you notice you couldn't bring your old thoughts back you mean you're stuck feeling good now yeah how about that give him a big round of applause is it really that simple yeah just took. Us 5,000 years to figure it out.

But now you have that's called. Energy spinning by the way if you like complicated names psychosomatic neurom unless you're in. England. Then they call it neurosomatic energetic repatterning because.

Brits seem to like long complicated names right. We just call it energy spinning right. But that's not the point yes. It worked.

I know. I didn't. I didn't have to tell. I.

I know it all worked. Jessica what was that like for you that's all right. You're just processing right. It it'll.

Crescendo and it doesn't no. I know it's vibration without the. Panic yes. Isn't that cool good what positive label would you assign to that amazing energy exaltation exhilaration there you go what color is that exhilaration breathe that spinning green yellow energy through your entire body and notice what happened he's having a good time having a good time having a good.

So how do you ask the question ah very good question. So. I. I.

I gave you when you go back and review the video because it is going to be on. YouTube pay attention to what. I what questions. I asked and when.

I asked them the. First thing. I said can. I'm wondering if you can remember a time in your life when you had.

EX. So. I named a topic right. When you saw something you really wanted that's file search number one.

So your brain your nervous system went through your entire history for every time you won something or something you really wanted right. But. Then. I started adding parameters on a scale of 0 to 10 or 1 to 10 it was a 47 right.

Or things came to the surface right. Some dropped some came up. Then. I said and you made a plan now got even more specific and you put that plan into operation and you work that plan and no.

Matter what obstacle came up you went over around through whatever and you work that plan and boom one day you realized you got it home run. Victory right. Remember what that felt like now what did. I just do.

I just described a very specific neural circuit of all the winning. Victory things you wanted there was a specific process that. I asked you to put to to have assigned to that right. So.

I gave you more and more parameters your sematic search engine kept moving files around to find the closest. Mage yes. Right. Because.

I guarantee you when. I said think of something you really really wanted something popped up when. I started adding parameters did it change that's right. If you ask a generic question you get a generic resource if you ask a specific question you get a specific answer the answer is in the question.

So if. I want you to win what's going to be easier for me to find a behavior you already know how to do really really well or make one up because now you can take anything. I want you to do plug it into that process and you're going to succeed because you know how to do it the answer is in the question. But.

Then we went one step further point to where you feel it right. So we engaged this search engine and. Then we said point to where you feel it notice there's a color connected to that feeling right. Well the moment.

I pointed to where. I feel it. I just accessed a different part of the system right. Now.

I've got a feeling. I've got a color reach in and take it out look. At it did the color change or stay the same how many of you did the color change how many of it did stay the same does it matter no. Why because in order for you to calibrate a color change you had to see it you had to be focused on it you had to be absorbed into it which means as far as your nervous system was concerned it was this real in classic hypnosis we call that subul right.

Instant. But we didn't stop there did we notice it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction what direction just spinning you all came up with the direction right. And. I had you show me with your hand yes.

Well now. I've got your body doing something don't. I. But when.

I asked you for the. C and you took. It out and it changed before. I asked about the movement was it moving okay.

Some of you it was some of you it wasn't. But what happened when. I said notice it's moving it became much more obvious didn't it your attention was drawn to it it's moving it's spinning in a certain direction how many noticed that it was moving and. Then when.

I said spinning went because some of you might have been doing this and all of a sudden it's moving it's spinning when you do once you're inside the container because that's where you are you only get what you ask for understand. So if. I ask for color that's all. I'm going to get now most of the time the only reason.

I ask for more information is because. I want deeper levels of absorption in the state process or experience. I could have gone through the entire checklist of. VK for 99% of our applications we never need to go beyond the color and the direction that's all we need because those two things take up the most bandwidth and the most real estate in the brain the hands and the eyes.

Take up more space in the brain than any other part of your body. But if. I've got someone who's not fully engaged in the process smell it what happened when you smelled it how many of you smelled something okay. That's fine when you licked it e right.

It though it was. Victory right. Now you may not have tasted something. But.

I'll bet a taste popped into your head salty it's all right. You're deep in trance. Jessica it's okay. She's like.

I can't believe this works. I. I thought he was welcome to. Planet.

David it only gets weirder right. So. But notice that every time. I asked for information the system supplied it.

But was it there before you asked for it sometimes yes. Most of the time no. That's how the sematic search engine works you only get what you ask for and part of that. I think is an aspect of how the the unconscious mind relates to the neocortex because you've all you've all heard the the concept of seven plus or minus two yes.

Okay. Well it's not actually an accurate statistic. But most people will tell you in the self-help field that the conscious mind can process seven plus or minus two bits of information you know per. Second or whatever versus the con the unconscious which can process millions and billions right.

If. I were to ask you to name you know five seven types of cigarettes most of you couldn't would start having trouble at about five candy the same thing right. So there's this plus this there is this seven plus or minus two chunk size that we have and. But and and one of the reasons that we have that is because if the if the unconscious mind were to try to spit up all the data that's being processed to the conscious mind it would completely overwhelm it you wouldn't be able to take a step and.

So it only gives us tiny pieces of information which is what your neocortex uses to create all the stories that you think are true. But if you think seven plus or minus two at the neocortex versus millions and billions at the the lyic and the. Paleo cortex level can you understand what. I mean when.

I say the conscious ious mind the thinking part of your brain is the least informed and the. Last to know anything and the data that it's using to make all those decisions is really low this is why you can't trust it at least not with this kind of work there is a very important function that that part of your brain serves. I'm not here to vilify any part of you. But you need to understand that that newer part is like the 2-year-old you ever try to like deal with a 2-year-old without like setting boundaries it tries to tell you how to do everything tries to take over messes it up and when the fecal matter hits the rotating oscillator they're gone right.

That's your neocortex it's the most flimsy part of you it's the it's the one that makes you think it's the strongest. But it's the. First to check out the more emotional neurological arousal you experience the faster it goes the more um more complicated the thought process the faster it goes right. It needs to be trained just like every other part of you.

But it's been largely running the show for most of your life at least well let me you think it's been running the show it's actually your unconscious mind that's been running the show and your unconscious mind is making up stories for how that. Works which is why you're stuck because the stories it's making up have nothing to do with why you're really stuck and the conscious the unconscious mind keeps sending up fles and your neocortex keep making stories about it right. Remember if there's something you've had for more than a couple of weeks if your conscious mind could have solved it it would have done. So already.

So here's the thing irrational problems require irrational. Solutions right. Do you ever try to you ever try to speak rationally to an irrational person how'd that go over exactly. But that's what our psychologists keep trying to do bandler had it right.

He figured out if the person's if the person is stuck in their illusionary world why not just make it real and lead them out of it. So if you ever hear the the horror stories of bandler most of what he's doing is exactly that he'll find somebody who sees imaginary snakes and when he's at lunch he'll go to the pet store grab a whole bunch of snakes and throw them in the guy's bathroom. So when the guy comes home walks into his bathroom. I snakes yeah you've been telling us you've been seeing a snakes no.

No. There are real snakes in here really how do you how do you tell how do you know they're real well the fake ones have a blue aura around them and these don't oh you make their hallucinations real you enter their model of the world. So you can lead them out of it and and that's all. I did with you.

I just asked you questions about your inner world and told you what to do with it that's about all. I have to say about that good night and have a pleas. Zoomers. YouTubers love you good night thank you sir we didn't need it very well you're.

So incredbly thank you. So much for. Shing your knowled you're welcome sir feel free to hang out eat cookies candy hi. Oscar.

I'm. David nice to meet you brother uhhuh. M oh easy how old's a kid okay. I've done this with five-year-olds you just have to keep it really brief.

So the. First thing is point to where you feel it close your eyes. And look. At it what color is the boo boo they're going to give you a color what color would make it feel better.

First impression read that color through the grp the boo boo color and tell me what happens see start to just deescalate say scale of 1 to 10 how much is left okay. What color is it now is the same color or different it's this color okay. What color would make it feel better read that color through the boo boo color and you just wash repeat that's the simplest easiest way and again five-year-olds works like a charm because if you gamify it they'll do it well that's the beautiful is it's not hypnosis it's just it's it's just an imagination game how would friends show. So why you you're know the teacher.

YouTube. Friends nice seeing you and see you. Next time and.
