Title: jasqsJUSBQM.txt
Video Id: jasqsJUSBQM
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jasqsJUSBQM

For for all right. How's everybody doing long time no. See since yesterday huh hi. Divine intelligence that's very cute my wife would probably not agree with you.

But. Anyway. So what's new and exciting folks uh we have had a great webinar yesterday uh got a ton of people uh coming to unleashing the magic within that's uh kind of full now. So no.

More uh no. More of the. VIP seats available it's very spirit it's spiritual energy feeling these days well that's. GL.

I'm glad let's see here we got. L's checking in. Chu's there motti there's. Elina there's.

Paul. KR. Tony. Williams.

KR long time indeed yep. So. I just. I thought you know.

I. I just finished my uh. I'm in a. I'm undergoing a.

Christian. Mystic training which is about a three-year program after which. I'll be ordained uh in the. Christian mysticism one one school of.

Christian mysticism. I'm actually working on three or four different ordinations right. Now. But um hello from.

Oklahoma good to see you again there's. Matthew um and. I thought well you know what. I have some free times till.

I have to go home and do the family thing. So why not talk with my extended family and see uh they've got any questions or or uh anything and maybe go over coming events if you guys are interested we can go over uh what we've got planned out in terms of uh trainings for the rest of the year. But also to kind of pick your brain you know you guys are my subscribers you're my you're my crew right. And.

So when you whether you intend it to happen or not when you become the leader of a community it's really important to service them to serve those people by finding out what do they need you know what what what do they find of value and. So. I think it's every now and it's a good idea to just kind of check in and and see what's going on with that. So that being said aside from what questions do you have for me today um what uh what would you like to see more of on uh on our.

Channel what what's what kind of content did does really excites you guys that that you would feel good about consuming liking sharing doing all those things that people on social media want you to do e. AER says. Christian mysticism is awesome can't wait to see how this enhances your ethos well. I've been.

I've been a. I've been a practitioner of the. Mysteries and a student of the. Mysteries for most of my life um and my my.

Evolutions have taken me closer and closer uh to to that side of things although. I don't talk about it well. I've talked about it a lot more in the past couple years than. I ever have uh and.

I think. I don't think that's that's that wasn't my plan if you know what. I'm saying. So uh more meditations okay.

Can you elaborate. M on what you mean when you say more meditations what what kind of medit meditations is like saying food or exercise what kind for what purpose you know it's it's you have to be a little bit more specific right. Because. I've got meditations for everything hey.

Jill. I see. Cynthia there's. Liam s more live demonstrations.

Donna says hello from. San. Pedro welcome. So more live demonstrations of what ala my nose is still itching up a storm cabala meditations okay.

This is not product placement would like to see how to get into. Theta via meditation well getting into getting into a. Theta state is easy um what you going to do with it in fact most if you followed my meditations at any given moment you were you were in full-blown. Theta most of the time.

But you see when people talk about. Theta it's important to understand that. Theta as a brain wave frequency is actually a transplant from the bio feedback. Community it wasn't something that was part of hypnosis and it certainly wasn't um an aspect of most forms or that that term at least wasn't a form that was constant in most meditation systems meditators didn't care what brain wave frequency you're at you either got the phenomena you were going for or you didn't.

So. I. I would. I would.

I would not be. So focused on getting into. Theta as performing applications that require. Theta and getting the application to work for you.

I don't know if that makes any kind of sense. Theta healing capabilities okay. Well. Theta healing is actually pretty easy uh it's the inverse of raiki which.

I think is kind of interesting it's. Theta healing is interesting in that it's the it's the one energy healing system that was actually created by a hypnotist which. I think is funny um. But uh the.

Theta healing capability we talk about. Theta healing as a system like. DNA. Theta healing and we talking about.

Theta healing capabilities because that's basically hypnosis well. I be offering a remote doctorate program a remote doctorate program in what. Matthew. Elina wants to see more hypnosis more inductions affiliate marketing with.

Williams says more. State installing drills and manifestation procedures that work. Jade. Zade is that did.

I get that right. Jade. Zade okay. Uh hey just joined love your style love you back.

Jade uh my daughter's middle name is. Jade. I gave her that name um. Jesse says hi okay.

L says yes. Like the old days. Mystics by the 70s to 90s were like the original. Star.

Wars arrison. Ford. So brings back the. Healer spiritual energies okay.

I am. G to be finishing up my my doctorate in. Chinese energetic medicine which is the new version of the medical chiong program that. Dr.

Johnson teaches. I'll be finishing that. God willing and the cek don't rise uh in uh in. October or not.

October. August after that um there's going to be several rounds of teachers trainings for that particular syllabus of of. Chinese energetic medicine uh my intention is to take that and become certified to teach that system um. But.

I'm also leaning very very very very heavily on creating my own version of that system based on everything else. I've done because as. I'm going through as. I love what.

I'm learning in in that program. But. I also see the the places that the things that they're not teaching or the things that they're glossing over and um and a lot of that is not their fault some of it is um because they they're looking at they're they're trying to control the information while giving you information and um and. I understand the mind mindset even if.

I don't necessarily agree with it uh. So. I think there are things that we could do differently. I'm not going to say better because uh better is a matter of opinion you know.

I'm for those of you been around. Planet. David for any length of time who've come to my trainings you know that uh uh when it comes to to. Excellence at what we do.

I'm fiercely competitive like. I want to when if. I'm going to do something. I want to be the absolute best ad that.

I can be and if. I'm going to teach something. I want to teach my students to be. I want to give them the absolute best training that that's possible and that's that's helped me in a lot of ways.

But it's also from a business perspective honestly it's held me back and. I'll tell you why that is it's because. I could make. So much more money by lowering my prices and just giving virtual certificates.

I could. I could be in a. SE a seven or eight figure um bracket by just doing that which is a lot of what my colleagues are doing and a lot of my contemporaries and stuff are doing. But.

I. I. I. I wouldn't be.

I can't live with myself doing that simply because not that. I don't like money. But because if someone comes to me to learn how to do something. Then they're trusting me to make sure that when they leave that training as long as they've done their part they can do that work and.

So until. I have a rock solid way to to guarantee that through a purely virtual format um. Then. I'm going to drag my feet on it you know is because.

I believe that each and every one of you has the power to change this world. But only if you have the best tools and when you come to me to learn my tools. I want to make sure that um that. I'm delivering that.

I want to give you the best best experience. I can and maybe. I'm just old right. Uh oldfashioned or or or inflexible or or whatever um.

But that's just kind of how. I work you know um. Anyway. I digress.

But let's see here um see chiong. So the the short answer to your question. Matthew is there's going to be a lot of stuff in the spiritual. Med meditative energetic realm coming out of.

Planet. David. I'm. G to say as early as 2025 um.

But that that's going to be a whole different leg of of trainings um and. I'm not sure what that looks like right. Now in terms of of of what that structure is going to be how people are going to get into it what the levels of progression are going to be uh because. I don't know the quality of the people that were going to be getting right.

Um the unleashing the magic training that we're doing in. July which is pretty much full um that's going to be a test for us to see if the psychic phenomena the the the the meditations for activating and opening your your your psychic visions and things like that your ability to use sound and vibration to enhance train use using your energy field to magnify trans and and it's it's going to be a test for us to see if the people that. I'm teaching can pick up those skills uh in the time frame that we're giving and and what and and what people's aptitudes are uh and from there. I'll.

I'll make a decision as to to what. I'm willing to teach and not teach. So there will be a medical chiong. Silo that you can follow for sure.

I'm just just not sure 100% what that will look. Like. I'm also looking at doing um what. I call.

IMT integrative mystical trainings or. Traditions which is a a full. Mystic mystery. School certification uh process that.

I'm going to put people through uh based on my trainings and things of that nature um. So that's something that. I've been thinking quite heavily about over the past few actually it's been almost a year. I've been thinking about doing it for for a while.

I just didn't know what that looked like because that's not really what. I'm known for although it's something that people are kind of finding it's starting to creep out more and more into my teachings which was not something. I ever consciously intended to happen uh. So mty says get rid of negative things that get you stuck in life well we we're always doing that.

Alina says rapid inductions long inductions conversational deductions mesmerism okay. We can do those things uh. Joey's asking about business and. NLP copyright.

My happy place very good um. Elena says use some resistance subjects also people that resist induction on purpose well. First of all. Alina why would you want to work with somebody who's gonna resist you right.

If you know somebody's going to be resistant you don't come at them head on ever right. Unless you can can control the environment the level of authority uh and other things to the extent where they're nervous system complies. You're simply not you're not it's it's it's a waste of your time there are lots of ways to covertly influence people right. But and a lot of.

But. But none of it unless you have an overwhelming level of authority is going to work right. My my job is to dissolve resistance is to make people want to do the things. I want them to do right.

And to be honest. I don't get resistance in my world because it it doesn't really exist in my world there's no. Such thing as a resistant client only inflexible hypnotists right. So when people ask me about resistant subjects um what you've got is a report issue and a motivation issue right.

Um it's it's to me resistance is is really just a lack of training on the part of the hypnotist and and. I and. I and. I'm not trying to be flippant or or.

Pat myself on the back when. I say that the best hypnotists. I know don't encounter resistance because they they have the ability to observe and profile somebody and know what the the cleanest roote to that person's uh internal state is and they can change it covert inductions are easy right. Killer influence is the place if you haven't been to killer influence yet um that killer influence is a place for you to go if you want to do covert stuff you want to byass resistance work with resist or you know dealing with people who are highly resistant killer influence is really the the class to start with and.

Then follow that up with identity by. Design identity by. Design will make you fearless and and uh fearlessly competent and confident and covert and killer influence will give you the ability to be as covert as you want to be without needing to be covert at all many times um transurfer says help with affirmations. Wherever.

I. Go a gorgeous woman approaches me and ask me out. I'm a guy basically. I don't want to be the one to ask out and get her um.

Then that's the thing you need to work on. First right. If you don't want to if you don't want to get hurt. Then what you're responding to is the memory of previous hurts right.

And as long as that that program is running below the threshold the surface that's what you're going to pull in. So the. First thing you want to do is heal that okay. Um certainly you can do affirmations where gorgeous women approach you.

But there's always going to be the possibility that you're going to say something that they don't like or um that you're going to miss speak or misstep or or misread a situation. So the most effective way to really amplify the possibility of you being approached is going to be to heal that hurt as. I look. At your your your chat here okay.

May not be something people want to hear. But. Then again right. I'm just.

I'm just. I'm here to tell you what what how. I feel and what. I believe you're welcome to do whatever you want with that cigara.

Mera says please new shocking. New. Image cycling stories um. I don't have any good ones right.

Now. But soon as. I get them believe me. I'll tell you.

I'll let them know uh. JJ's asking do. I offer oneon-one sessions yes. I do we offer all prospective clients a free 30 minute consultation to determine if your case is a fit for our methods all right.

So after you pass our screening we'll discuss strategies and tactics for helping you get your situation resolved in the shortest amount of time possible if we can help you we'll tell you if we can't help you we'll tell you that too and we'll point you in the direction of where we think you might find uh the help that that you really need right. It doesn't serve me and it doesn't serve you to put you into a session that has low probability of meeting your needs right. Certainly doesn't do my reputation any better uh by setting myself up for harder work than it needs to be. So the idea behind the sessions is to make sure that you're a candidate for the work that we do right.

And if not finding finding a fit for you with my colleagues or my peers or what have you now. I'll be upfront with you. I am not. I'm a little on the.

I'm a little expensive to to get one-on-one sessions with me the only people who get unlimited one-on-one sessions with me uh are my mega. Platinum coaching clients and they have me pretty much on speed dial whenever they need me um for most people wanting work. I have a core of handpicked well-trained. Associates that.

I refer a lot of my work to if you do a screening with them and they feel that um what you've got going on is something that. I'm is better suited for they will they will refer you to me. But. I'm not.

I'm not nearly as inexpensive as they are. So. I'm just going to be up front yes. I do that.

I do private sessions and group sessions or not and and things of that nature. But um because of my schedule and everything else. I have to charge quite a bit for the that time. But it's available if you want it.

So for those of you who are interested um you can call my my office at 858 282 4663 um and hopefully that went through uh let's see uh. EA says love this different is good very good um let me see the problem with the this chat sometimes is like it. I don't read as fast as this as the chats come in oop and it just jumped on me again. So now.

I've got to scroll all the way back up to find where. I was. So sear is asking did did. Bill bankin create image cycling or someone now my understanding of the image cycling technique as.

I inherited it from. Dr bangston or as. I was taught it from. Dr bangston was something he actually uh created um.

I have found in many mystical trainings the inner door secret trainings analogues to the image the mechanics the mechanical process of image cycling um. So if you've got if you're familiar with the the. Gnostic. Christian or the the.

G the the. Orthodox. Christian prayer of the heart um or the um if you're familiar with the the. Buddhist um.

Guru medit or. Guru. Mantra um they have a very similar mechanic in how they're performed and they're performed well that's as far as. I'll.

I'll say it. So um if you have access to those traditions and those trainings. Then you and and you understand image cycling you can you can see the analoges and the mechanics of it. Cynthia says she's bored not happy today don't worry be happy uh let's see here.

Claire. Ryan says how to communicate via text message. Claire can you elaborate on that please maybe a context an outcome what kind of difficulties you're having um. So baram is asking um nice to see you live again.

I'd like to ask one question about lucid dreaming which materials can you recommend for this topic and in general what people what can people do with lucid dreaming. I'm going to be upfront with you. I lucid dreaming is probably one of the few one of the things that. I have spent the least amount of time with.

So. I don't have um a good set of recommendations. I will tell you that um in the mystical. Traditions that.

I'm being trained in there is something we call night school which is where you leave your body at night and you go and you train at these levels and you're kind of lucid in that process um. But that's. I haven't really done a lot of that. I mean.

I've been exposed to it. I know it's it's on my to-do list. I've been focused on other things um one of my students um. John.

Campbell out of the. UK is really really big on lucid dreaming um if you can find him on our meetup groups or something like that he he'd be somebody to talk to. I don't really have a good recommendation. I wish.

I did. But. I don't um eaer says your tribe is your legacy. David well.

I think. I hope. I hope that's part of it right. I'd like to leave a little.

I'd like to leave some aside from an army of people out there doing this work and moving it. Forward um. I'd like to leave maybe some books or some videos things that people can you know obviously the videos will stay as around as long as. YouTube is around.

But all it takes is somebody with a wild hair up their butt to pull our plug and. Planet. David disappears from. YouTube.

So you know we've got to make sure that uh we've got different ways for people get this information is there any way. I can reverse my. Opia or heal my eyesight uh yes. Uh the.

Bates method was mentioned very good for eyesight um there's another guy he's a. Russian guy nikov or something like that. I um in the in the comment section after this video goes um gets posted on. YouTube.

I'll see if. I can find um oh. I should have it right. Here hold on let me see he's a.

Russian guy he's a. Sufi he's a. Sufi. Mystic [Music] um if.

I can find it in the. Next 30 seconds or. So um. I'll post it if not.

I will post it in the comment section no. That's not it. I'm. G to have to.

I'm going to have to get back to you on that was another guy who has some he's out of. Russia he had some really good stuff on eyesight and part of it was with the. Bates method um yeah. I don't see it here in my in my library.

I'll have to look. It up and get back to you guys um. Therefore. I am any technique yes.

Okay. Uh. Anthony kuto is asking what's the. First block that comes to mind in the case of a.

Salesman that doesn't ask for the close or leaves things too open-ended it's real simple um a lot of times they're afraid to ask for the money because they think they're doing something that they're not they're not benefiting the client what they're doing what they're asking the client to do is going to be a hardship on the client or they don't feel like what they're doing is ethical that's usually uh the biggest impediment is that they they they they their sense of self-esteem and the perspective that they're operating from is such that they're feel like they're doing something unethical by asking for the sale and if you're a good salesman and you're doing the work properly not asking for the sale is actually the most harmful thing you can do to your client why because a good salesperson isn't a salesperson a good salesperson is a consultant is a person who evaluates the needs of the person in front of them looks at what they have to offer determines if there's a fit explains and demonstrates to the client how what they have will give them what they need and gives them the opportunity or offers them the opportunity to get that problem solved that is what salesmanship should be right. And if you're if you're coming from that space. Then the worst thing you can ever do is not ask your client to invest in themselves right. Now if you make a determination that what you have is not a fit for that person.

Then asking for the sale would be unth. But if you know in your heart of hearts that what you're offering is going to help that person it's going to solve a need or fulfill them in some way. Then the worst thing you can do is not ask them to make that opportunity to take advantage of that opportunity right. And if they choose not to that's fine.

But the idea is you have to get them to the point where they're able and willing to make a choice okay. Um jade. Zade says you're amazing. I've watched a few of your.

YouTube videos and practice the power pose it works yay. I love it when people tell me that right. Um let's see here um. Cynthia says.

I'm older than you. But. I understand being said in your ways. I'm not going to say.

I'm stubborn. I don't need any. I don't need to say. I'm stubborn everybody else will tell you.

I'm [ __ ] stubborn um the more. I look. At your work in like spinning and understanding of mysticism the more. I find you an undercover genius.

I didn't see that one coming thank you cigar um. The. Chosen says. I'm trying to get better at reframing because.

I have your. Renegade reframing course can you give me an example with reframing someone's checklist you don't necessarily reframe a person's checklist what you do is you modify the items on the checklist. So if somebody says that uh for example um. I need to have um a big kitchen with a lot of light.

Then and that's their criteria and that and and because and they want a big kitchen because growing up they had a big kitchen and all the family would get together on the holidays and everybody would be together and and really experience that connection right. The criteria allows them to feel that feeling of lets them know that they've got the big kitchen which lets them know that they can feel connected. So there's a string of values there you're not going to change the feeling and you're not going to change the label. But what you can do is you can go to the checklist in other words.

So um um. So let's take a let's take a moment let's step back and think about lots of light for a moment and and big kitchen and add and sprinkle in a little bit more flexibility and what would be the smallest kitchen you would you would uh entertain as having as as counting as a big kitchen and if you could uh pour in a little bit more um open-mindedness to that how would that work for you right. Step into that and and tell me what you feel right. So what.

I'm doing is. I'm. I'm taking the the the checklist that they need to satisfy and. I'm going to add things to it let's think about uh you know that big kitchen with with a lot of light and maybe maybe uh dissolve out the need for super amounts of light or what have you and notice how that notice that that still feels pretty good right.

So it's the checklist a person has that is modifiable. But not the label they use or the feeling that it generates right. So reframing a belief is is very powerful um. So theoretically it is possible to reframe a value it's just people are very very connected to those th those particular types of beliefs um because of the emotional needs that they meet.

So that's that's kind of how we do it okay. Um let's see. Alina asked. I would love for you to explain how rapid inductions work and how create our own t oh that's easy we do that that's day one uh that's day one of identity by.

Design you're doing instant and. Rapid inductions by the end of the. First day right. But.

I'll tell you the there's only three things you need to make any instant induction work sudden loss of physical or mental equilibrium direct command just keep talking every instant and rapid induction you will come across no. Matter whether it takes 10 minutes to set up or three seconds to set up those are the three things that are at play right. Most of my colleagues in the hypnosis. World get mad at me because.

I kind of pull back the curtain because a lot of them make a lot a good living uh selling videos on how to create all these instant and. Rapid inductions when in reality the vast majority of them are doing the three. B the same three things in different ways every time sudden loss of physical or mental equilibrium direct command just keep talking if you got if you can do those three things you can zap anybody okay. In fact one of the for th how many of you are coming to unleashing the.

Magic in. July um if you're brand new to hypnosis um it would probably be really worth your while to maybe not come to unleashing the magic um or take a crash course in hypnosis or instant and. Rapid inductions because some of the things we're going to be teaching you about is about energetically. I don't like the term they use in the in the mystical.

Traditions overshadowing. But it's basically where you take your energy field if you built it up strong enough you open it up and you in a sphere of influence type of a process you envelop their energy field in yours and you exert your will and your imagination and you you just plunge them right. Into a very very deep. Trans.

State um it's the technical term in classical hnos called waking hypnosis right. The a the the the or the. Asian systems had a slightly different way of doing it although the mechanics are the same. So.

I would recommend and if you want to see kind of what that looks like a little bit if you go to um this page stealth one. Secrets d101 um on that homepage there you will see a very very old video of me literally bringing somebody up out of the audience slamming them into an eyes. Open hypnotic. State and twisting their cheek like the gearshift on a motorcycle all the while he's feeling intense pleasure and.

I do it in like 30 seconds right. Because that that's called waking hypnosis and it's a it's a very ballsy approach to trans work um there's other variations on it. But that's the kind of thing that we're going to be kind of working with a little bit uh in unleashing the magic it's probably one of the most amazing things to watch happen um even. But it takes a little bit more willpower on huspa to do it right.

So we're going to take that basic mechanic and we're going to show you how to add the dowst and. Buddhist um energy psychology aspects to it to make it even stronger. But. Then we're also going to do voice training.

So when you project sound from your voice there's an extra vibration in it that impacts people on a physiological as well as a spiritual level. So there's there's extensions to the core techniques that we learn in our hypnosis training um that amplify and multiply. But if you can't do the foundational stuff you're going to have some challenges you're going to have some catching up to do. So if you do plan on coming to unleash the magic um.

I really really really uh want you to to just immerse yourself in everything in the secrets of. Personality transformation course the identity by. Design course killer influence all of those things if you can't get one-on-one with a somebody who's trained and certified in our techniques. Then you need to immerse yourself in those things.

So you're ready uh for unleashing the magic otherwise. I would recommend you you trade that. VIP ticket in for a different training like killer influence in. August which would be great for most of you right.

Or um uh identity by design when we offered again our vibrational influence in uh in. November. I think or. December we're doing a 3-day vibrational influence class.

So this one is a little bit more advanced um like. I said it's it's a it's another level of integration with a lot of different disciplines. I'm not trying to discourage you. I want you to be successful and.

So there a lot of our classes have there's layers to them. So most people their entry point into. Planet. David is going to be through face reading identity by.

Design or killer influence that's how you get into our world from there you decide okay. What do you want to where do you want to go what do you and. So each thing prepares you for the. Next level and it picks up where that other level left off right.

Everybody most people eventually do everything. But they they have different needs and different priorities that they want to satisfy um. So. I don't know somebody there needed to hear that.

L says you have to make the tools to teach us we have to make our own tools how did you get. So good at being a. David cup that can obsorb be filled with more and more information and action sets. I'm just.

Bor lah. I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm just voracious with my desire to to get better this the truth is the more. I learn the less.

I know right. I there's a lot of things that. I haven't gotten to yet. But every time.

I knock one down four more show up on the horizon and. I can see things. I didn't see were possible before and my and part of my job is to find find these secrets it's part of my golden path. I realized that several years ago part of my golden path is to to find these things clean them up and share them with you.

So they don't die a lot of this the technologies that. I wind up sharing with you guys are have been around for a long time. But maybe 10 people on the planet are actually using it or know about it or it's close to dying out and. So a lot of times when something is is important that that lineage my belief this is my belief.

I have no. Way to prove it. But the uh the lineage holders the. Guardians of that that discipline kind of bring it to me because.

I'm going to spit it out and put it out there and hopefully it'll it'll. Last and move on um that's my that's my hallucination and. I'm sticking to it um. So.

I'm just. I'm just hungry for it. I just. I.

I started many years ago and. I just want it. I'm like you guys the more. I learn the more.

I want to learn right. The difference is is that. I want to be. I actually.

I don't want to just learn something. I want to be able to do something and that to me is is where the rubber hits the road all of us everyone on this channel without exception loves to learn they want to see the. Next cool new thing. But there's a big difference guys there's a big difference between knowing about something knowing how to do something and being able able to do something they often masquerade as one another.

But they're very very different there's a lot of things. I want to know about there's a smaller group of things. I want to know how to do there's even a more focused group of things that. I'm able to do right.

Because. I make those distinctions avoid confusing knowing about something with the ability to actually do it they are not the same okay. So my my channel and my my trainings are are focused on people who want to be able to do something not just know about something don't don't get me wrong. I get plenty of.

Tire kickers. I get a lot of people who are just here for the experience and may never use this stuff again. But they just wanted to figure you know they just wanted to know what it was all about right. That's really not the people.

I'm focused on the people. I'm focused on in my world are the people who actually want to use this stuff and and make changes um. So see. Jesse's asking what if you already know this.

But experience blocks. But experience blocks towards what you want um. Jesse can you. Reas that question because.

I. I think. I know what you mean. But.

I want to. I want. I want you to see if you can rephrase it um. M's asking stories about your mistakes and what you did to get through it also up your your ups and downs um to quote.

Steve. Martin. I was born a poor black child you know what. Steve.

Martin would get. So banned today for some of his best movies it's terrible. But it is what it is um um yeah uh. I can if that's something you want me to think about or put out there in the future.

I've. I've been. I think. I've been pretty transparent with a lot of my stuff.

I mean. I. I think that's something that. I just see that uh you guys got to know.

I'm. I'm just a normal. I'm just a normal dude like you you you you guys and. GS out there.

I'm. I'm just. I'm just a person you know and. I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth and.

I was bullied as a kid. I was picked on. I was not gifted with great social skills even less filters which was probably one of the reasons. I had problems socially uh.

I was not athletic and and. I just after. I reach after. I reached about 11 12 years old.

I just looked up the. God and said teach me how to be unstoppable teach me how to be irresistible teach me how to have wisdom and that and from that line on my life got even worse because. I you know the the birth of wisdom is about solving problems in order to to solve problems you have to have problems to solve and universe sent a whole bunch of stuff my way in a very short period of time that. I had to find answers for and my life really since that point has been a search for answers solutions to problems and along the way.

I met many. Kindred. Spirits like the people here who had similar problems and benefited from the things. I shared.

But when. I started this journey it wasn't about you guys in any stretch of the imagination it was all about fixing my life and what's interesting about fixing lines when you start fixing at some point you stop you're you're no. Longer fixing. But generating growth and it's interesting how sometimes we we we we don't know where that line is.

I. I. I noticed something yeah you got me gting me on all these tangents um when. I started this work.

I was all about fixing myself and optimizing. Human. Performance how many of you have ever heard by a show of hands that that if uh if you'd have told me 30 years ago. I'd be in a room eight eight seven eight 10 hours a day shoveling other people's [ __ ] and doing healing work.

I laughed at you how many of you remember me me having said that or have heard me say that what's interesting about that that process was that. I started from this performance enhancement get the be be as good as you can as fast as you can uh in different fields kind of a mindset and. I became a. Healer where.

I stopped focusing on. I didn't say. I wouldn't say. I stopped focusing.

But. I stopped my emphasis became more and more about helping other people fix their stuff and less and less on optimizing my own performance. I still optimized. But it it was a very different priority shift and.

I'm not sure 100% when that happened. But it the universe does have a funny way of of backdooring you into uh paths that you never that you never would have considered much at much earlier stages of your life it's part of your golden path. I think it's interesting. How the.

Universe does that um alen says says. I think even if someone is resistant on purpose you can still use a form oh absolutely. Alena absolutely um that's the whole point of covert hypnosis is to bypass or behavioral uh influence. Technologies is to bypass resistance and get people to do what you want regardless of the context.

Kevin's asking oh it just jumped hold on a. Second. Kevin. I gotta find your question again um hold on.

Kevin oh there it is. David. I am at the point when. I can become 100% different at any moment what do you think about this.

I think the. Next step is to actually be able to maintain as much as you want and still be able to switch it will yes. I think behavioral flexibility is probably one of the single most important skill sets that we can have right. Next to that being the ability to observe and profile.

Behavior. So you know what to switch too right. Uh. Joey boss is saying he training with.

Chris. Boss uh is there a question there. Joey um uh eigor does a covert induction with a subject that tries to resist on purpose yeah the very fact that he came up to the stage means he gave permission to be hypnotized okay. Um.

I understand eigor very very well not sure what the if there's a question there. But uh would you agree that the more confident and believe in yourself strong willm minded. MIT is the easier and stronger and also the faster the induction will be um. I think confidence absolutely plays a role strong will.

I think it depends on what kind of an induction you're doing right. Um if you have if you have a lot. Authority in that person's world or the perception of authority. Then you can get away with just about anything right.

But good luck embod you know depending on the person good luck embodying that level of authority right. It's not easy right. It's there's a whole set of trainings and things like that that you need to level up to be able to exert the kind of influence now when you when when when you're talking to me about resistant clients. I'm talking about people look.

You and you say [ __ ] you. I'm not doing anything you said that's the kind of resistance. I'm. I'm looking at right.

Um because that would be the only kind of resistance. I would have any problem with in most cases right. Why because. I don't think of resistance as a battle of wills.

I think of resistance as people not communicating what they want and seeing how to get it right. And. I think if you the the way to go with a lot of this stuff is you know to have a higher level of. Rapport and connection with the subject combined with authority we have four pillars of irresistible hypnotic influence uh that we teach and killer influence right.

We have author. Authority which is the king you have attractivity which is the queen you have. Affinity which is all about connection and. Then you have acquiescence and each of those is a macro category of hypnotic phenomena that if you master the sets of techniques for those people will just want to do what you want them to do right.

So the idea of just going over and and bowling somebody over yeah it can be done it can be done. But. So much of the success of that depends on who you are and what you're embodying at the time the subject the environment and the context and to the degree that you can engineer those things the more susceptible to your influence the subject becomes right. So there's a again if it were just pure will there'd be a lot more good hypnotists out there.

But there's a lot of bad ones and they've got a lot of will. But really shitty technique right. Or they're choosing the wrong people right. So uh you know process that in whatever ways is appropriate.

Matt lorck says hi. David damn looks like. I missed the occurrence not really you're here now and. I didn't.

I don't plan these amas right. Um. So again and one of the reasons. I do that is because i'.

I don't like to give myself a job. I like to be spontaneous right. That makes people crazy sometimes because they want to plan their lives around my my amas or whatever. But that's not how.

I roll right. So well. I'm just seeing that the phone number. I typed in now.

So there must be a [ __ ] ton of questions. I haven't gotten to yet uh hold on a. Second um. I apologize if.

I'm going too slow um what is your manif what is your manifesting some things. Then bad things occur like lose all your friends turn backs on you okay. Okay. So one of the things that's going to happen as you start to evolve your vibration is going to change and that's going to cause the people around you to experience you differently and that shift in how they experience you is going to do one of two thing one of several things it's either going to make them want to do what you're doing it's going to make them very uncomfortable because they like the old you and they want you to stay that way and.

B it's going to trigger in them the idea that in order to stay with you they have to change and they don't want to change and. So they're going to turn you into an enemy because when you don't want to change you need to create an enemy to fight against. So those are the things that happen. But that whole process of of leveling up losing your friends getting new friends leveling up losing your friends getting new friends things of that nature that is a common thing that's going to happen every time you level up because part of your your your lessons in this world is about letting go about letting go of the past.

So you can move forward some people will be with you through that entire walk other people not. So much some people will be with you at one point of your life and you'll level up and they'll go away and. Then you'll level up and all of a sudden they'll show up because somewhere in their their walk their vibration was the same as yours and now you guys can be in the same sphere together right. That's a very common thing.

Roland. Escarosa. DAV have a quick question after you end with four. Magic.

Bullets is the client basically putty in your hands meaning instead of your disciplines could you get someone to let's say play better piano. Okay. Person does not have the piano. The skill set to play piano.

Probably not probably not because again we're dealing with the subconscious mind. But the subconscious mind is not omnipotent and it's not omniscent right. It can't make something out of nothing right. Now on a spiritual note let's say in a past life you were a piano.

Player and somehow through transor you managed to tap in to those past life memories that is not uncommon for someone to suddenly go through this spiritual awakening or or past life memory all of a sudden they can do things now they couldn't 10 minutes earlier. But that's a very different case my belief is if you're going to do if you're going to use hypnosis to amplify skill sets there has to be a skill set there to amplify right. So if. I'm going to do martial arts and.

I'm going to spend a whole ton of time watching highlevel martial arts practitioners working out with martial artists uh anything. I can do to build up that sample size in me and. Then. I'm going to do my my hypnosis work to magnif use my hypnosis processes to magnify those skill sets um.

But. I wouldn't to me it's it's it's not a good use of your time to try and create a skill set hypnotically that isn't there put the skill set in. First. Then use hypnosis to amplify it and accelerate it or use hypnosis to learn it and.

Then accelerate it that's always useful too um uh. Matthew veto says do people connect even more when you keep going into their childhood after 3mq they can especially if you're using their words 100%. Malcolm dice. State what okay.

That sounds like a food order to me uh my bad wrong. Channel all right. Roland says baram try sleeping with sagio frequencies the sufis are the ones have you ever studyed with them um the guy that. I just mentioned that.

Russian guy um he's actually a. Sufi. Mystic uh. But.

I did train for a short time there was a guy here who was a seot practitioner who was also. Sufi. Mystic and. I trained with him for a short time not not not for very long only a few months.

But enough to see that what he was doing was basically the same as things that. I'm doing uh. So. I'm actually that's actually on my to-do list once.

I finished with my. Buddhism training and my. Daoism training um and the. Christian mysticism training.

I'm probably going to look. At uh the. Sufism disciplines if. I have if.

I can find someone who will teach me um transurfer how much does energy work like for physical thing um. I think it can work really really well. But. I think it also depends on the person the reason they lost the hair their nutritional situation and the practices involved there's a lot more variables um.

I've never used it myself for hair loss or hair growth uh. So. I can't. I can't spend.

I can't talk too much unfortunately and maybe this is an indication most of the energy workers. I that. I'm training with are bald except for one guy two guy one guy one guy in the entire except for his wife uh they're all bald. So maybe maybe not maybe we shouldn't be doing energetics for hair growth right.

Um. I'm just putting that out there. So um does tapping with affirmations work it can. I'm not a big.

Tapper. So you'd have to test it and see. But most of what you're doing when you're tapping and and saying things are similar a similar structure to affirmations um. So test it and see uh it's exciting to be part of unique learning and creating intriguing healing work yes.

C says. I know you're stubborn. But you're a great teacher thank you for that um let me go all the way down to the bottom here. I'm gonna work my.

I'm gonna go to the bottom and work my way up uh what about women energy workers what about them uh. Damian. Bravo says don't go too far out out of curiosity and shingon what happens if. I combine a blow from the five elements with in the same sound elements to attack an opposing element uh be very careful because the sound will multiply the sound will multiply the energetics okay.

Um when. I was training in kho. Jitsu we did a lot with sound to attack nerves and pressure points um and you better be really really good at. Revival because sound.

Knockouts tend to knock people out harder and deeper um than just the points themselves um. Freedom man says sales question how would you handle the need to talk to my spouse objection. I would reframe it. So.

I'm curious is it that you need to talk to your spouse or that you're just afraid of making a decision for yourself right. Um what's more important to you getting something you know will really help you or waiting longer than necessary to have it right. These are all reframes by the way right. Lots of different ways to do that.

I'm curious what is it about this that your wife would love and what's important about that thinking about it like that how how how much more satisfied would you be about going forward knowing that your wife is going to love this okay. Transer. I have declared what. I want to manifest for at least the.

Next. Thousand. Years okay. L says yes.

Uh cigar says. David is there any advanced book. That talks about the mystical aspect of money and the nature of money in the occult um. I'm sure there is um.

I would look. At choa coi's book. On kashaki um. I think.

Jason or. Jason. Miller had some books on money magic um those were the big ones for me. Isaac.

Braden. Elohim risen. Christ yeah. I've been hypnotized with brain magnets electric procedures sound feel like.

I cannot worship. God anymore ever heard of this being not able to worship. God anymore no. I.

I honestly can't say that. I have. Isaac okay. That's kind of new now this dude is a time traveler cigar says the poor.

Magic. Bullets. I learned from your from your gold member videos can it be used for giving people or yes. I have.

I have a whole. V. I have whole video courses dedicated to using this stuff to give people hypnotic orgasms yeah oh. Absolut.

AB absolutely. Jacob gave me a big heart. Kyle. Blanchard says welcome to the gold archive welcome.

Kyle uh looking forward to see you at the. IBD seminar good seagar says okay. Uh yes. What.

I've observed the healing in you. I'm not sure where that. David oh oh congratulations. Cynthia she pass you passed your peer counseling test well done when.

I needed money in my early 20s what did. I do. I got a job actually if if you really uh if you really want me to. I got three jobs like when.

I was in high school. I had three jobs. I would literally go to school for half a day go to my. First job come home from that job go to my.

Next job and. Then. I'd have a. Third job on the weekends and.

I thought. I was lazy um in my 20s. I. I did whatever.

I needed to do right. Any job that pays you money is an opportunity right. Um. I got lucky early when.

I graduated high school. I got hired by a company called. Combined. Insurance.

Company of. America. I think it's called the. Aon.

Corporation now it was run by it was founded by a guy named. W. Clemen. Stone some of you may know who he was if you're not you definitely know who his who the guy he sponsored was a guy by the name of.

Napoleon. Hill. So. I actually got hired by that company to go and do door to-door sales.

So um. I got jobs and. I. I moved to.

Florida when. I turned 21 and uh. I took. That sales experience that.

I got and. I applied it in retail for four or five years and. Then. I started my own my own karate school and that's how.

I made money for most of my life until. I moved to. Florida or moved to. California uh.

Oklahoma uh and. Then. I. I worked in the vending industry for a while out there.

Indian gaming. Native. American gaming and. Then.

I moved to. California to uh to start my acupuncture career right. So. I did.

I what. I did. I got a job. I got multiple jobs and.

I. I did whatever it took. To earn the money. I needed to do what.

I needed to do right. Um not sure if that was the answer you were looking for. But that's what. I did um the old comedy show and.

Living. Color would definitely get banned in today's time 100% 100% we've become way too sensitive as a culture um. Alina. Bogden thanks for the link.

Dave it's funny because it talks in the link about poker. I'm a recreational semipro poker player plus. I try not to use any. CPI covert in there oh don't worry about that alinaa that that would not be something.

I would worry too much about because the people that you're playing poker with would have no. Compunctions against doing it on you. But if you don't feel it it's right. Don't do it.

But. I can tell you that your your opponents don't feel the same the vast majority of them. So uh. I've trained quite.

I actually have quite a few professional poker players who are higher level members of. Planet. David they're in my mega program uh they come to our killer influence trainings things of that nature. U because it does give them a significant.

Advantage um fact tomorrow. I'm doing a coaching session where. I'm going to actually be teaching something called thought forms and one of the advanced things that you can do with thought forms and. I don't do this.

But. I know people who do uh once you understand psychic communication you can create a thought form and send that out and have it tell you everybody else's cards and that's is all. I'm gonna say about that okay. Um let's see here um trans surface says.

I used your power pose and create a statement get its color feeling and amplifi it works. So well my question is are the effects directly proportional to the magnitude of the state. I don't know. I.

I have no. Way to calibrate that okay. I think it has a lot more to do with the amount of. Transformations that have to happen between where you are and who you need to be to manifest those things um and.

I think the consistency of the state is more important than the intensity of the state certainly. I'm a big fan of intense. States right. But.

I think it the the magic is in the consistency of it okay. Ebat and. Milt nson said that about hypnosis what did they say about hypnosis let's see here the chosen one is saying can we use sound with the. Triad specifically the ones with color like.

C breathing it's. SP uh yes. You can is will it make it stronger probably probably um it feels like you are teaching the old school. Marshall projection techniques in a more modern way.

I am intrigued. I can neither confirm nor deny that statement um elen is asking can you explain a bit how mesmerism works why only the power of your stering subconsciously asking client to go into trans. Works yes. It's because there's no.

There's more going on than just staring into a client's eyes. You have will you have mirror neurons you have your energy field you have your spirit um you have. Rapport you have authority you have all these things uh being focused and directed to a person right. And entrainment is going to take place at some point and their system is just going to drop into trance right.

It's just it's just how we work. Joey. Balo you're funny dude. David.

I admire you you are the most complete human being on. Earth. I am not the most complete human being on. Earth my wife will be happy to tell you all the things that.

I have yet to complete right. But thank you for that. I appreciate the the sentiment let's see here all right. I think oh you guys gave me a bunch more questions that's not fair um let's see here uh let's see life thank you um in one of your old amas you told a story about how you stack incredible connection pattern with woman and she ended up breaking up with her husband and you tell that love story another time maybe.

I'm not going to tell that it's true though um yeah it that that was from my. Darth. Snider days um uh let's see ever spent any time looking at the. Chinese zodiac uh let's see here let's see uh.

Hypno. Fom can. I break my boyfriend free from one part of his personalities being deeply in love with another girl. But the rest wanting to be with me and him possibly going back to her to quote what one of my one of my.

Seafood would say in the mystical trainings that. I go through can you can if you can cons can conceive of anything. But do you have the skill sets to do it is it possible to do that yes. Do you have the capabilities to do that.

I do not know is it right. To do that. I'm not the one to answer that question okay. So check in with the big.

D upstairs or the. Big. G upstairs. I should say and uh find out if it's something you should be doing right.

But can you do it is it possible yes. Okay. Arham is asking. I would like to talk to you in private may.

I know how to do that yes. If you call 858 282 4663 and talk to. Moss and if. Moss sees you as somebody that needs to talk to me.

Then he will create he'll set up an appointment for you um that would be the best way to do it what be the best way to manifest as a new a new job that would allow me to expand my family me and the. MS have been talking about a baby and. I want to step up further advice image cycling that would probably be the image cycling if people ask me about manifesting uh. I'm always gonna what the most powerful manifesting tool is.

I'm always going to say image cycling for the average human being who is not an initiate into these things these weird things that. I do behind closed doors image cycling is the most powerful bang for your buck that there is it's also the safest. So do that um the more he studies the less he knows greetings from. Ecuador greetings from the.

United. States what is my perspective on infinite parallel realities yes. Lone. Wolf.

Channel any luck on removing shingles from the body what kind of protocols besides diet have worked for clients acupuncture has worked very well herbs have worked very well uh the transformational. Triad has been known to work uh if you can. Target the cause of the shingles rather than the symptom. So try that let me know what happens.

Alina. I would still not feel totally comfortable of using covert hypnosis and poker because. I would see the same as bullying creating a soul car okay. Then don't do it if that conflicts with your values and your morals and your ethics don't do it right.

Only use our techniques in strict um conformance to your own sense of personal right. And wrong okay. That if you follow those rules of thumb you'll never go wrong right. You can sleep at night for most of us unless you're a sociopath which case we have other work to do um zisan says a process to elaborate procrastination.

I think you mean eliminate procrastination go to our go to the. YouTube channel type in procrastination. BL. Blaster and resistance removal and you'll have all the techniques that you need uh to blast procrastination.

Cynthia says. IM image cycling works amazingly well amen do. I have a good acupuncture in. Boston or.

Chinatown no. Not off the top of my head um. I could probably ask around. But it would probably be much more efficient for you to um reach out to the local acupuncture and.

Oriental medical schools and find out who they would recommend or go to your you know go to the just. Google the area and look. At their reviews. But.

I don't really know anybody in the. Boston uh. Chinatown area that. I could recommend all right.

Well guys that's all. I've got oh. I did want to do one. Last thing if it's okay.

With you guys um before uh before. I run off in case some of you didn't know a lot of you are are here on our. YouTube channel. But you're not part of our our email newsletter.

So. I would ask that you go to www.lpower.com forward and subscribe to our newsletter. But also um just. So you guys.

I want to make sure that you guys have a chance um to know our to know our upcoming events calendar. So if it's okay. With you. I'd like to take five or 10 minutes and just go over upcoming events uh for.

Planet. David and. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen with you really quick uh if that's okay. Is that okay.

Can. I do that okay. Uh let me go ahead and share my screen really quick. So um.

So oh oops that didn't work out the way. I planned it hold on a. Second here we go some of you may have never been to our website before. So uh coming up uh.

June 28th through the 30th is our. Next virtual healing intensive for those of you who want to work with me or want me to do the healing work for you or with you um this is going to be an online class you can take it from home it's going to be limited to about 20 or 30 uh people and it's going to be you and me and a group of people for three solid days me leading you through one healing process after another after another after another okay. If you have. VIP tickets from our webinars or or.

Mondo packages or whatever you can use that for the the healing intensive we this will be our. Third one that we've done people absolutely love it. So if you're not interested in becoming certified in a to be a hypnotist or linguistic programmer energy healing if you don't care about face reading you just want to fix your own stuff and you want my help to do it this is the uh this is the best way to to really get that handled right. So this is this is what we've got going up right.

Uh. So you've got about oops that's our optin form by the way. So you got 16 days before that. Next coming up is we talked about this yesterday and this is the uh unleashing the magic within uh energy hypnosis healing manifestation and more program and this is all about unlocking your full potential using energetic vibrational and psychological forces to hypnotize heal influence and manifest anything you desire faster than ever and as you can see here um we've got a full description right.

Uh it's gonna we're going to teach you how to amplify your hypnotic. Power by a factor of four or more teach you how to develop the vibrational amplitude of your voice uh use energy and vibration to amplify your hypnotic power special hypnos vibrational hypnosis techniques um how to understand the real magic or how real magic is made this is the structure of magic behind the structure of magic um that. NLP talks about how to really fully recapture recharge and purify your lost energy this one is a. GameChanger uh and how to use that energy to recharge and rejuvenate your body how to activate and open your psychic abilities.

So that you have them on demand how to protect yourself from. Psychic attack this is probably going to be one of the most uh thorough treatments on. Psychic attack and defense that. I've uh ever taught taught you're going to be learning both sides because if you're going to learn how to protect yourself you got to test it.

So you're going to be learning how to defend yourself and. Then you're going to learn how to attack that. So you can test your defenses and how to. Finally how to manifest uh anything that you want uh this price is going to go up tomorrow.

So um for those of you who are on the fence about this training again if you don't have any hypnosis. I would be hesitant to jump in here um because there's going to be a lot of catchup that you're going to have to to do. But if you're fully focused on on taking your energy skills and your magical and mystical skills uh as well as hypnosis. NLP to a.

Next level. Then this is a great one for you um coming up most of you. I recommend killer influence secrets of covert hypnosis. August 6 through the 10th uh that's in about 55 days right.

This is our. Flagship introduction to how to hypnotize anyone anytime anywhere covertly under any situation or circumstance coming up. September 24th we have have our. Advanced hypnotherapy certification and that's real world regression you're going to be learning two schools of regression here uh and this is for therapists people who have a strong therapeutic or coaching uh uh.

Direction in their life and for those of you who like martial arts and energetics we have the secrets of internal power program coming up. October 17th through the 20th you can learn about more of these and. Then vibrational influence uh which is about energy healing remote influence things of that nature um coming up. November 8th through the 10th that's what we've got planned out and.

Then face reading of course uh. December 13th through the 15th. So that's what we've got coming up through the end of 2024 um you can go to www.lpower.com events to learn more about each of those individual uh trainings. But you can also call us at um 858 282 4663 let me actually do this this way um.

So here's the the website for the uh the events calendar and here's the the 858 282 4663 and. Then you can also reach out to. Moss. NLP power.com or.

Mia. NLP power.com and they can help you uh with those kinds of things um oh. Alina. I agree with you.

I believe this stuff is meant to help others. However. I also think it's perfectly allowable to do well by doing good. I think you're allowed to get rich helping other people and.

I think the the the. F the more healers. EMB accept that belief the more they'll get out of their healing practice okay. Anyway that's what we got.

I love you all and and uh thanks for hanging out with me and you never know keep please like and share pass this stuff on let people know about what we do the techniques you've learned if they've helped you teach others and tell them where you got it. I love you all. I'll see you very very soon.
