Title: Pain Relief Hypnosis - Instant Pain Removal Technique
File Name: jAYlt1OSUH8.txt
Video Id: jAYlt1OSUH8
Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAYlt1OSUH8

That's the the emotional state the feeling. States how you want to do this how you want to approach it and if you do you're going to be 10 times more effective on multiple levels okay. DM okay. So now we're going to talk about that now we're going to talk about something real real quick we're going to do this in a very.

Progressive. Way. So what's going to happen is. I'm going to do a couple of demos just to get it on there.

So you guys can see the process and kind of imprint it on your neurology okay. Then what. I'm going to do is. I'm going to give you guys a little bit of pointers and.

I'm going to. Turn. You. Loose to play a little bit okay.

So the. First thing uh does anybody here have a pain or a uh an icky feeling that they want to get rid of or they just maybe they have a good feeling that they just want to get better come on out here okay. Do my hand again round of applause for a man all right. First of all.

I'm going to. I'm going to give you there's there's layers to this okay. We can get more and more we can add more and more bells and whistles and make it progressively more powerful. But we don't need it right.

Off the bat let me just make sure we're on camera cuz you're taller than me do you mind if. I take a picture of you with him right. Now on. Instagram it no.

Not at all. First thing when you're dealing with pain though you never say the word pain unless you're using it strategically okay. Pain and fear are the two words that re-trigger the state the moment you hear it until you've eliminated the process okay. I'm going to put that out there right.

Now because when. I revisit what. I'm about to do things that are not obvious. I'm going to make obvious okay.

So here's what. I want you to do you got something that uh was bothering you right. Okay. Here's what.

I want you to do. I want you to if you can imagine it somewhere out in the space in front of you mhm okay. Oh he's already got it reach out and touch it going keep it there all right. Now as you reach out and touch it.

I want you to notice that there's a feeling in your body associated with that image point to that. First impression oh right. In your foot okay. Okay.

No. No. Actually right. Here right.

Here okay. Good now close your eyes. Perfect and now put your mind in that spot where you felt the pain notice that there's a color associated with that feeling what's the color. First impression red purple that's right.

Here's what. I want you to do now. I want you to reach in there with both of your hands take out all of the energy out of your knee all that red and purple energy make sure it's all in your hand cuz sometimes it hides just get it all up make sure it's all in your hands and when you're sure m i want you to look. At it with your inner eyes.

And notice did the color change or stay the same got a little darker okay. Cool now as you look. At it. I want you to notice it's moving moving in a certain direction what's the direction clockwise good take it in both of your hands okay.

Turn it and. Orient it. So that it's rotating the opposite of what it was good now double the spin double it again keep doubling it until it becomes. Unstoppable until it's impossible to go back to the way it was and when you know you have it when you know it's for sure slam it back in notice the change is is gone interesting yeah you just keep getting better yeah huh wow simple.

I like it you be round of applause. Simplicity. Rel like is that fast enough okay. We're and.

Then. I. I'll usually provoke them. I'll say now try to bring it back and just get feel better no.

It's gone no. It's gone that's right. It is okay. Now what we did there was a.

I know it looks very very simple and the the application of it is. I could spend hours unpacking everything that we just did there okay. I've used this on cancer tumors. I've used this on fluid in the pericardium um edema in the intestines from cancer patients.

I've used this on uh shortness of people who couldn't breathe they were you know their body was shutting down from all this cancer stuff. I've used it on intense fears. I've used it on anger issues. I've used it on fears neurologically your nervous system doesn't care what the problem is it doesn't care because it's not interpreting the thing that happen it's interpreting the code with which it was imprinted into the body.

But what we have to do is we have to create absorption in the process you got something is absorption the same thing as. Focus no. It's different yes. Um.

I'm going to get a little dirty here. So just bear with me think of about think about the moment of orgasm versus the building up towards the orgasm does that make sense yes. During the buildup as the during the arous of it you become more and more focused you're absorbed. But the focus is really where it's at when the climax his that's absolute relief and absorption does that make sense it's it's the best metaphor.

I can come up with at the moment. But that's it's hard to we make an arbitrary distinction between absorption and focus. But really they're kind of flip sides of the same quote the more compelling and enticing and experience is the more we tend to just go into it does that make sense. So in my case when you had you suggested my my mind goes down here.

I wasn't thinking about anything else. I was absorbed right. There yeah. I was.

I was doing a lot of very subtle things right. From the start. I was initiating level six trans phenomena immediately which is something traditional just say you can't do level five and six trans phenomena on the on the. Aaron's depth scale which is the the.

H the the scale of of. U hypnotic phenomena that all hypnotist classical hypnotists are trained to use you're at the you're at wake. Then you're at what they call eye cataly state which is a hypnogogic state and. Then it goes down through four or five levels of other phenomena the.

Last two uh five and six five is a what they call positive hallucination the. Second and and level six is called negative hallucination right. And they tell you that you have to go through here to get to here that's a lie okay. They only do that because they don't know how to create a maximum absorption and minimum time okay.

Neurologically what's going on here is. I had you access the holographic part. But that's not enough now. I have to figure out okay.

That's where you hold that representation of it. But where are you storing it in the body where is that phys.
